





Before Mr. Justice Gazelee.
1754. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  COHEN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        William 
                        Maryatt
                     




                  , on the King's highway, on the 24th of August
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 2l.
            , his goods.
WILLIAM MARYATT. I am a lighterman
, and live at Rotherhithe. I was going along Ratcliff-highway


 on Sunday evening, the 24th of August, about ten o'clock; I had been to Waltham abbey, and was returning home: seven or eight persons met me - one of them gave me a shove, and one of them drew my watch; I endeavoured to run after them, but several of them got before me, and stopped me; I sung out "Stop thief! he has got my watch;" in five or ten minutes the prisoner was caught, in Old Gravel-lane, but I did not see him caught - I saw him at the watch-house; there were seven or eight women and men round me - one of them pushed me towards the road, and one stood near the curb and took my watch directly; they did not take hold of me - my watch came quietly out of my pocket; it was dark: I had not opportunity of seeing the man who did it - I had not been drinking.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. You had not been drinking? A. No, I was quite sober - there were several persons at the watch-house; I believe Rainer was in custody; Rainer is the man who said he saw the prisoner throw the watch away.


                  THOMAS 
                  RAINER
               



            . I live at Mr. Burford's, in Ratcliffhighway, and look after horses and chaises. I was returning from the stable after doing up my horses, a little after ten o'clock, and going down Old Gravel-lane, to our back door, I heard a cry of Stop thief! I looked round, and saw the prisoner the first person running; I stopped him, and heard a person say, "I have lost my watch;" I then saw a watch in the prisoner's hand - I caught at it, and got the chain in my hand, but he held the watch in his hand, and began to kick in a manner I could not bear, so that I was not able to hold him; he got the chain from me, there being no seals to it, I could not hold it - he ran off, and threw away the watch: I took it up, and was going to pursue him, but two young women stopped me as the watchmen came up, and accused me of the robbery; I stated how I came by the watch, and he took me to the watch-house; I got there before the prisoner, and when he was brought in I recognized him as the person who threw the watch away; he was then taken and locked up; it was a darkish night, but I knew the prisoner well - I have seen him pass my master's house scores of times.

Cross-examined. Q. What is Mr. Burford? A. A paper-stainer - he has three horses and two chaises, and a chaise-cart, and another gentleman has a horse and chaise in the same stable; I quitted Mr. Burford on Monday - I was a regular servant of his for nine months, and had 16s. a week. Mr. Burford, Jun. and myself had a few words, and I left them - they did not accuse me of anything; I never was here but once before, that was about a man getting into the stable; I never said to any one that I had a job here which I got three guineas by, and I should like to have such another; I got my expences at that time, which were above a guinea; I have seen the prisoner buying and selling fruit, and serving master with fruit - there were other persons running, but he was the first; there were others running after him - I stopped him; I did not take hold of the chain till I had hold of him; a person(who is a bricklayer) saw him throw the watch away, and saw me pick it up, but he is not here - neither of the young women saw me pick it up; I cannot tell how they came to accuse me of the robbery - perhaps they might be confederates; I knew the prisoner's name was Cohen; neither of the young women are here - if I could have found them I should have given them into custody; I did not state that the prisoner's name was Cohen.
COURT. Q. When you had hold of the watch-chain did you know the prisoner? A. Not at that time, but when I saw him at the watch-house, I knew his name was Cohen.
Cross-examined. Q. Then, when you had hold of the chain you had doubts about who he was? A. I knew his face very well indeed; I was then taken to the watch-house, and in consequence of my stating it was Cohen I was discharged, and he was kept; my master and two respectable gentlemen came to the watch-house, and stated where I had been.
COURT. Q. You say the watchman came up to you and took you? A. Yes; I pointed out the person in the mob to him - he took me to the watch-house, and in going along I saw Cohen in the custody of another watchman and a bricklayer; when I saw him I said that was the man; the watchman is not here, and I do not know his name.


                  JAMES 
                  JACK
               



            . I am headborough of St. George's parish. I was at the watch-house - the witness was brought in, in about three minutes before the prisoner, and had the watch in his possession; the prisoner was then brought in, and the prosecutor came and said he had lost his watch - the witness then said he stopped the prisoner with the watch in his possession - he gave the same account he has to-day: the prisoner was given in charge for stealing the watch; there was no charge against the witness - there was a gentleman came forward to say he knew him; I do not know who it was.
Cross-examined. Q. Then when Rainer first came in he said nothing about how he came by it? A. There were no questions asked him till the prisoner was brought in - the person who brought in Cohen brought in a piece of watch-glass, which was picked up near to where he stood.
COURT. Q. Who was that? A. I forget his name; he said he would attend if we wanted him - he is not here, nor the watchman who took Rainer.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.
GUILTY. Aged 21.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
