





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
1131. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Umpleby
                        




                     
                  , about three o'clock on the morning of the 2nd July
 (he and others being therein) and stealing two table spoons, 16 s.; 1 lb. of tea, 8 s.; seven sixpences; and 220 penny-pieces his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  UMPLEBY
               



            . I am a publican
, and live on Saffron-hill


. On the 2d of July about six o'clock in morning, when I came down stairs, I found the bar shutter forced open, and about 40 s. worth of copper, and eight sixpences gone from the till, two spoons and a pound of tea were also gone. The prisoner was at my house once or twice about two years ago. I had fastened the shutter myself the night before.
Cross-examined by Mr. BRODRICK. Q. For what you know the property was stolen in the night - A. It was safe at twelve when I went to bed.


                  ROBERT 
                  LUNDEN
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 3d of July, about three o'clock in the morning, I found the prisoner shut in the privy of a court, which is not a thoroughfare, and within two minutes walk of Umpleby's house - he said he lodged at Mr. Johnson's, just by; that he had been out late, and they were gone to bed, but as a lodger was coming out at four o'clock, and he could then get in, he did not wish to disturb them; he begged of me to let him stop there; and his appearance being decent I did not object. I went round at half-past three, and he was gone. I saw him in custody on the same day; he was then in a different dress. I went to Johnson's and found the dress which he had on when he was in the privy.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before - A. Not to my knowledge. When he was in custody I recollected seeing him somewhere, but could not recollect where, his dress being altered, but remembered at last and said,
"Young man, I spoke to you in the privy in Round-court; he said,
"Yes, and you gave me leave tostop till four o'clock;" I said,
"You had not that dress on then;" he said, No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOWS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in High-street, Bloomsbury. On the 2d of July, about twelve o'clock, the prisoner brought two table spoons to pawn for 1 l.; he said they were his own, that he lived in Well-street, Drury-lane. I had received notice of this robbery, and said I suspected they were stolen, and must detain him - he made no answer. I told my brother to look after him while I went for the street-keeper - my brother not understanding me let him go; he ran from the shop when I came back, and turned up some of the back streets - we followed, and secured him in Bosiers-court, Tottenham Court-road.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure he is the person who came to your shop - A. Quite. I lost sight of him in turning the corners.


                  PHILIP 
                  RILEY
               



            . I am a patrol of St. Giles's. I pursued the prisoner with Hows, and stopped him in about three minutes, and in his coat pocket found three 5 s. papers of halfpence, in his waistcoat pocket eight sixpences, and in his hat about a quarter of a pound of black tea - he said at the watch-house that the watchman knew where he lived.


                  WILLIAM 
                  UMPLEBY
               



            . My halfpence were not in paper.
MRS. UMPLEBY. I know the spoons perfectly well - the smaller one is marked R. C.; I saw them safe just before I went to bed. I have the fellow ones here. I left a pound of tea on the bar table.
Cross-examined. Q. The letters R. C. is the silver stamp - A. Yes; I have the fellow ones; I can swear to them without the letters.


                  ROBERT 
                  LUNDEN
               



             re-examined. The mark R. C. is the maker's initial; she described the spoons to me before the prisoner brought them, and from her description I detained him.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them of one 
               Jones
             that morning.
GUILTY Aged 19.
Of 


               Larceny only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
