






768. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     PORTER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ORAM
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of May
, one printed book, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Taylor
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a bookseller
, and live in Brompton-terrace


. I had some books on a stand outside my shop. On the 11th of May, I received information and watched the stand, and about eight o'clock in the morning I saw the two prisoners by the books; Porter stood between me and Oram, who was handling a book - I saw Oram go away in five minutes, and Porter immediately followed in a different direction. I followed Oram, he was stopped about five hundred yards off; I found a book in his bosom, which I had put on the stand five minutes before. The prisoners were acting together, I am certain. Porter was concealing Oram from my view - he ran off as soon as he saw me coming. He was taken quarter of an hour after.


                  JOHNATHAN 
                  BRADBURY
               



            . I lodge with Taylor. I saw Porter standing holding his great coat to conceal Oram; they went off different ways in about five minutes. I am sure they were concerned together.


                  JOHN 
                  BOWSELL
               



            . I am a constable. On the 11th of May, in consequence of what Oram told me, I went and took Porter at his lodging, laying on the floor.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
ORAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PORTER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
