





251. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  COLEMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Mary Ann 
                        Davis
                     



                  , on the 8th of December
, putting her in fear, and taking from her person, and against her will, 1 handkerchief, value 5s.; 23 yards of lace, value 2l., and 6 yards of net, value 36s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Davis
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  Mirian 
                  Farrow
               



            .

MARY ANN DAVIS. I am the wife of William Davis. - On Saturday evening, the 8th of December, about half-past eight o'clock, I was walking up Tottenham-court-road, and near Southampton-court


, the prisoner came from behind me, round my right side, in front of me, and snatched my bundle, containing this property, from me - he did not strike me, but merely pulled it; I tried to keep it, and he pulled it from me; he made off with it - it was the property of Mirian Farrow; I had it to make into a dress for her. I called Stop thief! ran, and caught him myself, without losing sight of him, in Southampton-court; I asked him where the bundle was - he said he did not know - he had not got it; he ran about fifty yards. The bundle has not been found.
Q. How could you lose sight of the bundle? A. I do not know what he did with it - I am quite positive of him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I am a watchman. I was at my box, and heard a cry of Watch! I ran, and found the prosecutrix holding the prisoner by the collar; he shook, but said nothing. It is a very bad place - there is nothing but thieves there; there were several cads about - it is near the coach-stand. I have seen the prisoner in the coach-rank.
Prisoner's Defence. I heard a call of Stop thief! and came up; a young man ran past me, and in half a minute this young lady seized me.
GUILTY. Aged 16.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
