






1197. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  ARTHUR
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of June
, 18 lbs. of lead, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Currie
                     




                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .
THOMAS CURRIE. I am a builder
, and live in Conduit-street, Paddington


. On Tuesday last I went to my bricklayer, and ordered him to lay some lead on the top of a house in consequence of the wet weather - I afterwards saw it placed on the house. I was shown some lead by the officer, which I have no doubt was part of it - I compared it with the place, and it fitted exactly.


                  RICHARD 
                  HEAD
               



            . I know Conduit-place, Bayswater. I was there on the day in question, between twelve and one o'clock. I saw the two prisoners there together with another person. I heard Arthur ask Jones for a knife, and they ran round the building.


                  JAMES 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 28th of June, the prisoner Arthur was brought to the watch-house.


                  GEORGE 
                  THOMAS BARRETT
               



            . I was going to Paddington, and saw the prisoner Arthur in Conduit-street, about 200 yards from the place, with some lead between histrowsers and his waistcoat; Jones and another were with him, but they went away. I took him to Paddington watch-house and left him there. I came back to Mr. Currie, and asked him if he had lost any lead; he went to the buildings and said he had.
Prisoner JONES. Q. Did I not come up, and you said I was one, and I said
"What do you mean; I am not; but if you think I am, I will go with you?" A. You did not.


                  THOMAS 
                  CURRIE
               



             re-examined. Q. When you arrived at the watch-house, what did you say to them? A. I said to Arthur,
"You young rascal, how dare you rob me?" he said,
"I did not, it was another boy took it off."
ARTHUR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Whipped
             and Discharged.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
