





1971. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  NORTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, 3 spoons, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Thompson
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to belong to 
               
                  John 
                  Ferrier
               



            .
JOHN FERRIER. I am in the service of Ann Thompson who keeps the Dr. Butler's Head tavern, in White Rose-court, Coleman-street




. On Tuesday, the 14th of October, the prisoner came there, between six and seven o'clock - he had a glass of mixed liquor in the coffee-room; he staid there about half an hour, and paid 6d. for what he had, when I brought it him; there were three gentlemen at the other end of the table, with a glass of liquor each, there was a spoon in each glass: two of them went out soon after - I went to fetch the glass, and missed a spoon: the prisoner left in a quarter of an hour - I went into the room, and missed two more: I went after him and saw him in Bellalley, about one hundred yards off - he had taken his own spoon also; I collared and told him he had stolen the spoons - as I brought him back he took two spoons out of his pocket, threw them on the pavement, and said "There is your spoons;" I brought him back, and said he had another spoon - he denied it; he came out of the room as I stood in the passage - I asked him about it again; he then said he had thrown it down: I went and found it on the seat where he had been sitting - I am quite sure it was not there when the prisoner went out; they are silver: he said he was in distress - an officer was sent for who took him; I am quite sure they are mistress' spoons.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a constable and took the prisoner; I searched him and found 3s. 5d. on him - he said he lived at No. 6, Silver-street, Falcon-square; I could find no such person there.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner pleaded distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
