





1260. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  DEXTER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of May
, 1 pair of shoes, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Leonard Clare 
                  Matthews
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Matthews
               



            .
LEONARD CLARE MATTHEWS. I am in partnership with John Matthews - we are pawnbrokers

, and live in Whitecross-street


. On the 2d of May, between four and five o'clock, the prisoner came into the shop; I knew him before; I was serving - he asked for a pair of shoes, which my man showed him; I left the shop; my man called me, and said Dexter had gone out with a pair of shoes; I knew his address, from an article which he had pawned that day, and sent to his house; he sent word back that he had not got them - I sent again, and he returned with my man; I told him he had got the shoes and had better give them up - he denied it; I went round the counter and took them out of his coat pocket - he then said he did notknow he had them; but he meant to have bought a pair.
Prisoner. Q. Have I ever given you a wrong name or address? A. No; I did say if you would produce them I should be satisfied; I said at the office that I did not think you knew you had taken them or you would not have denied it so often.


                  THOMAS 
                  BEESON
               



            . I live with Messrs. Matthews. On the 2d of May the prisoner came and asked for a pair of shoes; I showed him some - I was rather busy; a person at the door inquired the price of something; I went round, returned in about five minutes and forgot that Dexter had been for a pair of shoes - but in a short time I recollected it and missed them; I told Mr. Matthews; he sent me to No. 5, Denmark-court; I found the prisoner sitting up stairs, and said, "You have taken the shoes away, what did you do it for?" he said, "Shoes - I have taken no shoes;" I said I would fetch an officer; he still denied it, and said, "Do'nt you recollect hanging them up in the place you took them from?" I said, No; he mentioned one or two circumstances, and at last I did believe that I had hung them up; I went home and searched the shop, but they were not there - Mr. Matthews sent me back; I went and met him at the end of Playhouse-yard, and said, "Where are you going?" he said, "I am coming to tell you where the shoes are;" I said, "I will save you the trouble - I will not let you go till I get an officer;" I took him to the shop; he was there about five minutes denying that he had the shoes - Mr. Matthews came round and took them out of his pocket; I believe he did not know what he was about, or he would not have acted so; he was sober.
Prisoner. Q. Was there any concealment? A. No; but no man could sit down with shoes in his pocket without knowing it.
Q. Was not my coat off when you came? A. No.


                  CHARLES 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in charge, with the shoes.
The prisoner, in a long address to the Court, stated, that he had redeemed a pair of shoes at the prosecutor's in the morning; that he got intoxicated, and was unable to account for the shoes in question being in his possession.
LEONARD CLARE MATTHEWS. He had redeemed a pair of shoes that day.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
