





1394. 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  CORAM
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Gould
                     




                  , in the afternoon of the 6th of June
 (
                     
                        Charlotte 
                        Gould
                     



                  , spinster, being therein,) and stealing 1 coat, value 10s., his property
            .
JAMES GOULD. I am a butcher
, and live in Whitecross-street


. On the 6th of June, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I went over the way about twenty or thirty yards, leaving my daughter Charlotte, who is four years old, in the shop - the door was open. My coat was up in the bed-room, the door of which was fastened with a catch, but not locked; I had been up there three quarters of an hour before - the catch was then fastened; there was nobody but the child in the house - I was absent about ten minutes, and as I returned I saw the prisoner come out of the shop door, with my coat on; I ran and overtook him about two doors off, and said, "You have got my coat on;" he made no answer, and I gave him in charge - he was quite a stranger to me.
Cross-examined by MR. J. ALLEY. Q. Have you a lodger named Summers? A. I think that is his name - he lodges there now. When I laid hold of the prisoner another man came across, and pulled the collar of the coat up for him - it was a great coat; I had not seen that man before; the prisoner seemed to be intoxicated, but he walked away very fast with my coat. The other man ran away as fast as he could. I knew him to be a reputed thief, and described him to the officer.
COURT. Q. Did you find any coat left in your room? A. None; it was put on over his own; he never said any body else gave him the coat - I have had it about twelve months - I would not take 20s. for it.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am an officer, and took the prisoner in charge with the coat - he appeared half drunk, and very much frightened.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been five years in his Majesty's service, and received several contusions in my head, which, when I drink, render me incapable of knowing what I am about; I had been drinking all the afternoon with Summers, who lodges at the prosecutor's; he left me to get his tea, and desired me to wait till he returned; he did not return, and I went after him - I suppose I went into his room, and put on the coat, thinking it was his. I was unconscious of any thing till I found myself in the watch-house.
JAMES GOULD. It was not Summers who was helping him on with the coat.




               GUILTY. Aged 33. Of stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
