





1009. 
               
                  MARY 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, onthe 29th of April
, 1 sovereign, 3 half-crowns, 1 half-penny, and 1 farthing, the monies of 
                     
                        James Truelove 
                        Batterson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES TRUELOVE BATTERSON. I am a carpenter
. On the 29th of April, I had been at the pay-table, and did not receive my money till near twelve o'clock at night; as I was returning, about a quarter past twelve o'clock, and was near Adam and Eve-court, in Oxford-street


, the prisoner came and asked me to take a walk with her; I refused her company, and said she was mistaken in the person - she again asked me to take a walk with her, or treat her with some halfpence; I said if she was in distress I would give her sixpence to go away. When we got to the corner of the court she took hold of me, and said she would suffer death before she would leave me, till she got the sixpence. I crossed to go to Poland-street - she then took hold of me again, and said, "The watchman is coming - I must go;" she then got away, and I missed my money - I followed her, and kept her in sight till Gook, the officer, came up. I had my money safe in my breeches pocket when she first came to me, for I had it in my hand not a moment before, in my pocket - I had hold of her arm when the officer came up; he asked what money she had got; she said, "No more than a few half-pence, which the young man has given me;" he then searched her hands, and took some money out of each hand.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am an officer. I was called to take this woman - she was running, and the prosecutor after her - he appeared to be sober; he charged her with robbing him. I caught hold of her two hands, which were clenched, and said, "Now, what has she robbed you of?" he said, three half-crowns, a sovereign, a half-penny, and a farthing; I called a watchman, and gave him one of her hands to hold while I searched the other - she appeared to be in liquor - I found that money on her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Life
            .
