





307. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     VALENTINE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of January
, 1 reticule, value 6d., 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1d.; a smelling-bottle, 6d.; 1 purse, value 1d., and 1 half-crown, the property of 
                     

                                    William 
                                    Jones
                                 



                              
                           , from the person of Caroline
                     



                  , his wife

.


                  CAROLINE 
                  JONES
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Jones
               



             - we live in the Strand. On the 1st of January, between three and four o'clock, I was in Fleet-street


, going from home; my reticule, containing this property, hung on my arm - a gentleman came up to me at the corner of Water-lane


, and said that I had lost something from my muff - I then found the strings of my reticule had been cut - I did not perceive it taken. I found the prisoner at the watch-house, with it, in about ten minutes - the contents were still in it - I had felt somebody run against me, and on turning round, he asked my pardon. Mr. Burman came up immediately.


                  MARK 
                  BURMAN
               



            . I live in Middleton-street, Spa-fields. I was in Fleet-street, and saw a number of people apparently together, shoving about, or hustling, at the corner of Water-lane, close to Mrs. Jones - I saw the prisoner run forcibly against her; he almost shoved her down. I had my family with me - my suspicion was excited; I watched him, and the moment he left her, I asked if she had lost any thing from her muff - she at last missed her bag, the strings of which still hung on her arm; I saw the bag in the prisoner's left hand, five or six yards down Water-lane - he was trotting away; I overtook him, and told him to stop - he immediately turned up Crown-court; I called Stop thief! and he was stopped by another person; he dropped the bag a few seconds before he was stopped; it was picked up by Bidmead, and taken to the watch-house.
Prisoner. Q. You found no knife or scissars on me? A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BIDMEAD
               



            . I am a printer, and live in Shipyard, Temple-bar. I was in Fleet-street, and saw several persons turn the corner of Water-lane - there was a cry of Stop thief! and seeing a young man, far beyond the appearance of a thief, turn up Crown-court, I went to the other end of the court - the prisoner ran out, and several persons after him; I followed, and got nearly up to him he made a bit of a slip in Shoe-lane, and finding himself closely pursued, he put his hand into his pocket, pulled out this green reticule, and dropped it - I told a boy to pick it up - I pursued, and caught him at the corner ofHarp-alley; the bag was brought to the watch-house; Mrs. Jones claimed it, and produced the other part of the string.


                  JAMES 
                  CHICKELDY
               



            . I am a constable, and received the prisoner in charge. I found him in the custody of several people in Shoe-lane - the bag was produced at the watch-house, and claimed by Mrs. Jones.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I heard a cry of Stop thief! I ran with the people, and in Shoe-lane the gentleman laid hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
