






566. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DODD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GREEN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 26th of March
, seven table-spoons, value 5 l. 5 s.; six desert spoons, value 3 l. 9 s.; seven tea spoons, value 2 l. 18 s.; four salt spoons, value 1 l. 1 s.; two pair of tongs, value 55 s.; nine shirts, value 9 l.; four pair of stockings, value 6 s.; four handkerchiefs, value 12 s.; nine yards of cambric, value 5 l. 8 s.; one gown, value 6 s.; three shifts, value 18 s.; four yards of silk, value 16 s., and nine bound books, value 3 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Gill
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GILL
               



            . I live in the North Riding, Yorkshire. The property stated in the indictment was deposited in a strong room in Bridewell


. I saw them last on the 23rd of 
               August.
             I had the key of the box they were in; I saw some of it in the officer's possession on the 6th of April.


                  JOHN 
                  HARPER
               



            . I am turnkey of Bridewell; the two prisoners were both prisoners there. Mr. Gill applied to me in August, and left a trunk in my care. I deposited it in the strong-room in the prison; the prisoners had no access to it. Early in February I was taken ill, and remained so till the 24th of March, when I returned to my duty, and on the 26th I found the door of the room had been opened, and the box broken open. I had not seen it since February; they were both prisoners there then. I watched and saw Green deliver a shirt and handkerchief to a woman, to get washed for him. Mr. Gill afterwards claimed them; an officer searched Dodd and on him found a shirt, marked T. G. which Mr. Gill claimed, and the stockings on his feet. I then searched Dodd's cell, and found two pair of sugar tongs; nobody but him was confined in that cell. I also found two pieces of silk, and two pair of stockings, in his cell, all claimed by Mr. Gill. I found nothing in Green's cell. I charged Dodd with it; he said he was very sorry any body was blamed besides himself; that he committed the robbery, but nobody but himself knew any thing of it. Green said he had the things of Dodd; he might go to the room unobserved in the day time. The locks must have been picked. Dodd was committed for two years from Guildhall Sessions, and made a wardsman in the prison.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GREEN'S Defence. Dodd gave me the shirt to get washed for him. I bought the handkerchief of him.
DODD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GREEN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
