





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hullock
               



            .
64. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WARRELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 20th of June
, a set of harness, value 5 l.; a saddle, value 1 l.; a bridle, value 10 s.; a net, value 10 s., and a sack, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hanworth
                     




                  , Esq.
 which had then lately been stolen, he well-knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HANWORTH
               



            , Esq. I am a magistrate
, and live in the parish of Stanmore


. On Monday the 16th of June, I missed a new set of poney harness, a net and a sack. I had seen them on Saturday in the stable; a quantity of bran was scattered about, and the sack which had contained it was gone. I have not found them. I had bought them all within six weeks, and gave above 13 l. for the set; it had been very little used.


                  JOHN 
                  WADWORTH
               



            . I live at Wotten. On the 30th of September, I went to the prisoner's house at Edgeware, about eight o'clock in the evening, and asked if he knew my son George; he said he did not, and afterwards that he did. I asked if he had bought any harness of him; he said at first, No and afterwards, that he had, and had bursed it, for fear it should be found out; he did not say where. I asked if he had paid my son any money on account of it; he at first said No, and then, that he had given him 9 s. towards 30 s. for it. I asked him to pay me the rest; he said he could not, but would give me 5 s. towards it - then said he would give me half a sovereign, and then 15 s., and would pay the whole next morning, by nine o'clock, if Iwould meet him at his own house. I did not go, and have not seen him since.


                  JOHN 
                  ODELL
               



            . I am gardener to the prosecutor. On the 30th of September I went with Wadworth to the prisoner. Warrell's wife asked them to go to the back-room with her, which they did. They all three came out; and Wadworth asked me to go into the room with them, which I did; he, the prisoner, and his wife, were present. Wadworth read a letter to him from his son, who was in Newgate at the time. He read a bill for the harness to him, and that he had paid 9 s. out of 30 s., which the prisoner owned, and said he had buried it, but did not say where.


                  JOHN 
                  WADWORTH
               



            . I produce the letter, which I read to him. I asked if he had the articles; he said he had.
(Letter read.)
June 24. - Mr. Warrell. - To 
               
                  George 
                  Wadworth
               



            .
To a set of harness - 1 10
Received - 0 9
1 1
NEWGATE, SEPT. 29. - Mr. Warrell - I am under the necessity of asking you for the money for the harness I sold you in June. I think you have behaved very indifferent to me since I have been here. If you don't endeavour to pay the money, I shall write to inform Mr. Hanworth himself, and it will go very hard with you. I shall inform the gentleman of your goings on. I don't like to tell tales; but you do not use me well.
G. WADWORTH.


                  RICHARD 
                  PATTEN
               



            . I am constable of Great Stanmore. I was coming from Guildhall, and met the prisoner at the Green Man, at Paddington, and secured him. I asked about the harness belonging to Mr. Hanworth. He said he never had any harness in his life but one set, which he had from Newhill. I asked what made him go away; he said he went down to Stafford, to see his wife's friends, and had only been in town one night, and was going to see his wife. He afterwards said he would tell the truth, that he did buy it, and gave 13 s. 4 d. for it, and sold it for 17 s. 6 d. He did not say what harness it was, but I mentioned Mr. Hanworth to him. He afterwards said he did not buy it all; that Wadworth owed him money for eating and drinking, when he kept a cook-shop, and he brought the harness there and left it; after Wadworth was in prison, he sold it to pay what he owed him. He afterwards said he never bought it, but Wadworth buried it in his garden; he lived at Edgware, and did keep a cook-shop. I said Wadworth could not bury it, for he was in prison; he said it was buried in his garden, and might be rotten for what he knew.
Prisoner's Defence. I never told him anything about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 52.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
