





1749. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     OWENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of September, 1 purse, value 1d., and 9 shillings., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Gee
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  GEE
               



            . I met the prisoner in Whitechapel, about half-past two o'clock in the afternoon of the 5th of September. I went with her up a court in Wentworth-street


 - she said she did not want money; but she asked me to give her something to drink. I went up stairs, gave her 4d. to get a quartern of gin - she fetched it, gave me a glass of it, and took the rest herself; she put the measure on the mantel-piece, and in a minute some one tapped at the door - she said "They want the measure;" she took it off the mantle-piece, and snatched my purse containing nine shillings, and ran down stairs. I went down and asked the mistress where she was; the woman told me to get out, and said she did not keep a bad house. I said I was sure she was there, but the woman would not let me see. I went and got an officer, and he found her at the next house.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was she searched at the watch-house? A. Yes - there was half a crown and a silver pencil-case found on her - this was about half an hour after. She did appear to be in ill health. I am a pensioner, and served his Majesty thirty years. I think I had seen her before in Whitechapel. I was quite sober I had only had a pint of beer.


                  ROBERT 
                  CRAIG
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutor came to me, and said he had been robbed. I searched for the prisoner at the house, which is a brothel in Wentworth-street. I found her in the corner of the room in the next house, the door was locked.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not threaten to send her over the herring-pond, as you call it? A. No - I did not - nor did the prosecutor. She had been standing in the corner of the room. I went as soon as the prosecutor gave me information, which was soon after three o'clock; she had had time to get away - the prosecutor appeared quite sober.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the prosecutor. I had been put to bed but three weeks, and had not been out of the room; he came to the door and said I was the woman. He then begged my pardon, and said I was not; he then returned with the officer, and said I was the woman.


                  RICHARD 
                  GEE
               



             re-examined. Q. Did you say she was not the woman who robbed you, and beg her pardon? A. No - I never did.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
