





1691. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FRAUD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of August
, 1 sovereign, 4 half-crowns, and 10 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Hawkins
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am a butcher
. On the 31st of August, between nine and ten o'clock in the evening, I was rather in liquor - I had about 50s. about me in gold and silver; there were seven or eight shillings; the rest was a sovereign and half-crowns; the prisoner is a coachman - I hired his coach at the top of the Haymarket, and went to King-street - I then got on the box; my money was in my right hand breeches pocket, which was next to him; the coach went on to Bennett-street, Westminster, but it stopped several times before that - I first missed my money when I got off the box - I am positive it was safe when I got on - I then gave him in charge - I had felt him fumbling about me, and told him it would not do - I missed between 40s. and 50s.; he was searched, and two or three sixpences found on him - Sherriff was there part of the time.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who was the friend you picked up? A. I had no one there; there was a lady there - I said nothing to her; the prisoner said he would take me to his house, to have a fowl dressed, which I had in my pocket - I had bought it in Oxford-street, about nine o'clock - I am not married - I will not swear I was sober - I drove the coach myself part of the way - I did not drive so long as a quarter of an hour; the lady got in near the Horse Guards, and got out in Bennett-street - I did not pay the prisoner - I will not swear that I did not say I had 5l. nor 1l. 12s. 6d.
Q. Had he any opportunity of going to put the money away? A. He went into a public-house; he came in there afterwards for his fare - I went into the public-house to give charge of him - I called the watchman directly, but he did not come directly - I will not say whether the watchman was drunk - I live at No. 7, Earl-street; he drove me to Villiers-street, as I went to see a friend, a butcher - I was in the coach when we were opposite Northumberland-house. there was a friend, of the prisoner's in the coach - I was robbed on the box - I cannot swear whether I was in the coach with his friend.



                  MARY 
                  ANN SHERRIFF
               



            . I was coming down Cockspur-street. The coachman accosted me; the butcher and the other man got out of the coach, and solicited me to get into it - I said I had no objection to a ride - I stepped in, and they all three got on the box together; they drove furiously on through several streets, and when I sat down, I saw the other man had got his hand in the prosecutor's pocket; he took out his money; he and the coachman shared the money between them, behind the prosecutor's back; when I got down I saw the traces of the coach were broken, in consequence of their furious driving.
Cross-examined. Q. What are you? I work at the braid trade - I did not know the prosecutor before; it was folly in me to get into the coach: no one was inside with me. I heard the butcher say he had got a fowl in his pocket - I had been taking my work home - I did not hear him say he was robbed of 5l.; he said it was between 2l. and 3l. I live in Bennett-street - I was married fourteen years ago. I dare say I told them I lived in Bennett-street - I do not know whether I did not; the coachman took me imprudently round the waist, and then the other man asked me to go in, and I did; the coachman was tipsy. I do not think he knew what he was about.
COURT. Q. Who drove the coach? A. The butcher first, and then the other man; they drove furiously, and tried to upset the coach - I was in the coach when I saw the other man take the money; it was a charriot - I put out my head, and said, I saw what they had done - the man put out his fist, and said he would put my two eyes into one, and knock me out of the window.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SALT
               



            . I am a japanner, and live in Horseferry-road. I was going down Princes-street, Westminster, and saw the coach stop - I saw a young man get off the box, and run away; the coachman said, "Cut, you b - g - r; cut as quick as possible!" the coachman was at that time off the box; the butcher found he was robbed - I said,"Take his number, and you will find him in the morning;" we went into a public-house; the coachman came in about three quarters of an hour, with two other men; he made a noise, and said, he would punch our heads about if we said he had robbed him; he then pulled out his money, which was only two or three sixpences; but he had been absent three quarters of an hour; the coach was No. 19.
Cross-examined. Q. Was the coachman so drunk as not to know what he was doing? A. He was not sober, but he knew what he was doing; he was drunk.
Mr. PHILLIPS called -


                  JOHN 
                  LITHGO
               



            . I am a watchman, and live in Perkins'-rents, Westminster. I remember seeing the prosecutor on the night in question; he said at first that he had been robbed of 5l. I did not hear him say it was 2l. 10s. - the first word he said was, he had been robbed of 2l. I was calling the hour, and then went up to the coachman, and said he was my prisoner; the prosecutor then said, "You scoundrel, you have robbed me of 5l.; take charge of him." I said I could not take him from his horses; the prosecutor then said he was robbed of 35s.; he was in liquor, but knew what he was doing. I looked at the coach minutely; no trace was broken - I know Sherriff to be a common prostitute in Bennett-street; this is my beat - I have seen her there with men, like other prostitutes.


                  MARY 
                  ANN SHERRIFF
               



             re-examined. I have lived three years at Mrs. Smith's, No. 10. Little George-street, Hampstead-road, and was there till last Saturday fortnight. I have lived at No. 4, Bennett-street, only for the last three weeks, and have never been out after ten o'clock at night - I am not in the habit of getting into coaches - I thought no harm of going in this coach. I had been carrying home a large bundle - I never got my living as a prostitute, or picked up men in the street. I am to return to Mrs. Smith's next Saturday, or to No. 10, Bowling-green-lane.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SALT
               



            . I have been to this woman's house, and always found her hard at work at her needle.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
