





1040. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EMERY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of June
, one watch. value 50 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Atkins
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  ATKINS
               



            . I am a watch-case maker
, and live in Prujean-square, Old Bailey


; 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cordell
               



             keeps the house - I have known the prisoner four years. On the 21st of June he called and said I was wanted by an aunt of his in Giltspur-street, named Kidder, who wanted to apprentice a youth to me, and that she lived in Nevill's-court. I said I did not want one, but would go and speak to her. He began talking to me, and waited to go with me - I was washing myself to go. At this time the watch hung on the work-board; all my workmen had left. The moment I began to wash myself, he said he would go and fetch the youth. I turned round immediately he left and missed the watch - he did not return. I went immediately to the house, and found I was not wanted. He was apprehended in ten days. The watch was worth about 36 s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOOD
               



            . I was employed by the prosecutor, and remember the prisoner coming. The watch was safe when I left - he was still there.


                  THOMAS 
                  PIKE
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on the 8th of July.
Prisoner's Defence. My aunt employs people to swear against me.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
Of stealing to the value of 36 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
