





1310. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BITTENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of June
, five pieces of printed cotton, containing one hundred yards each, value 3 l. 17 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Humphrey 
                           Sexton
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BOX
               



            . I live with Mr. 
               
                  Humphrey 
                  Sexton
               



            , in Ward's-row, Bethnal-green


; he is a linen draper
. On Wednesday, the 23d of June, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, a witness came and gave me some information and directed me to go down the road; I did so, and saw a man running down Hart's-lane with these prints, which were not entirely covered. I could not get sight of his features sufficiently to identify him; I called Stop him! and he turned down Church row, threw down the prints and ran; there were five pieces, I had seen them in the shop four or five minutes before, upon a pile. I had not seen the prisoner's face, but I saw him at Lambeth-street on the 16th or 17th of July, and from his height, I have no doubt but he is the same man; they were on a chair two feet within the shop.


                  THOMAS 
                  ELDRIDGE
               



            . I am a cooper, and live in Bethnal-green-road. I knew the prisoner perfectly well before this happened. On the 23d of June, between four and five o'clock I came down Ward's-row and saw him standing with his back to a post, looking towards me; the moment he saw me, he turned round and looked towards the road. There was another person standing against the post looking through Mr. Sexton's window; that man held his head down, and I did not see his face; I turned down Squirrel-street, and had scarcely passed a minute, when I looked round and missed the man from the post; I then saw him come from the shop with some prints before him, he crossed the way, and the prisoner met him, took up his apron and folded up the prints, and said
"Come along;" the prisoner took the prints, and they both went up South-street. I immediately went into the shop, Box had turned round looking at the shelves; I told him to run on to Hart's-lane, and he would meet them; I followed, but could not run so fast; I saw the prisoner come out of Hart's-lane; he ran across the road and Box after him; he had a bundle. I did not see him drop any thing. On the 15th of July I saw him in custody. I am quite certain of his person.
Prisoner. Q. When you were at Lambeth-street did you not swear that the man came to me and asked me to give him the ends of his own apron. - A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at work for a man of the name of Clarke; we were going to fetch some gravel, and some men were laying down some iron pipes, they said they would give us a pot of beer to go and get some pipe out of Poland's row; we then went and fetched the gravel, and I went on to my work.
GUILTY. Aged 22.
Of 


               stealing, but not from the person
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
