






534. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BURTON
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  RICHARDSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of January
, 11 yards of oil-cloth, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William John 
                  Harwood
               




            .
WILLIAM JOHN HARWOOD. I deal in oil-cloth
, and live on Holborn-hill. On the 26th of January, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, the officer and Grumett came into the shop, and asked if I missed any thing - I examined, and missed this oil-cloth from the doorway. The officer had got Burton at the watch-house, with it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it outside the door? A. It was without the inner door, and had a chain round it, to keep it from falling.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRUMETT
               



            . I am a porter. On the 26th of January, between seven and eight o'clock, I saw Richardson taking a piece of oil-cloth from Mr. Harwood's door, and put it on his shoulder; Burton was standing at his side; they ran down Fetter-lane, which is three or four doors off, with it - I followed them down New-street, into Poppin's-court, and across to Bridge-street, where I detained them both; Burton had then got it on his shoulder - they both carried it at times. Richardson struck me two or three times - they both struggled, and Richardson got away. I took Burton and the cloth to the watch-house.
Cross-examined. Q. Was this after dark? A. Yes. When I was at the corner of Bridge-street, Richardson, seeing me close to him, said to Burton, "I will give you 2d. to carry this cloth," and he gave him 2d. with it; they had both carried it by turns before that - they both saw me, and knew I must have seen them. Burton was just at the side of the door when it was taken.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a constable. Burton was delivered to me with the property - he said a person gave him 2d. to carry it, and I found 2d. on him. I apprehended Richardson next day in Giltspur-street.(Property produced and sworn to.)
BURTON's Defence. As I came by I just happened to look in at the window; a young man said, "Which way are you going?" I said, over Blackfriars-bridge; he said he was going that way, if I would wait, his mistress was buying some oil-cloth in that shop, and in a few minutes he came to me with the cloth; I assisted him in carrying it.
BURTON - GUILTY. Aged 15.
This prisoner received a good character, and was recommended to Mercy, supposing him to have been seduced by the other. - 

               Judgment Respited
            




.
RICHARDSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
