





769. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  BAILEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of March
, 1 counterpane, value 25s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Dow
               




            , spinster
.
MARY DOW. I am single. Mrs. Gooding washes for me. On the 21st of March her boy called for a counterpane; I gave it to him, and he had it stolen from him.


                  ROBERT 
                  ZACHARY GOODING
               



            . I am a little more than nine years of age - I know I must speak the truth. I received the counterpane from Mrs. Dow one Tuesday - the prisoner took it from under my arm, and gave it to two others - I had known him before, and am quite sure he is the boy; I cried Stop thief! and some persons took him, in my presence - the others got away with the counterpane.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me give it to anybody? A. Yes. I told the Magistrate he gave it to the others.


                  GEORGE 
                  HEARD
               



            . On the 20th of March I saw the prisoner in a crowd at the end of Burton-crescent


 - I was in a cart, and saw this little boy, whom I knew - I asked him what was the matter, and he told me that boy (meaning the prisoner) had taken a counterpane from him. I took him to the little boy's mother, who sent for Reed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REED
               



            . I am the constable, and took the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down Chelsea-common, and saw a crowd - this little boy was in the midst of it; he said he had lost a counterpane; I walked away; when I got half way down the crescent this gentleman came, took me into his cart, and said I should go with him - he said he would give me 5s. to tell him who took it, and where it was, but I could not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
