





766. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  M'DONALD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of May
, one handkerchief, value 7 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Toswill
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  TOSWILL
               



            . I am a druggist
, and live in Friday-street. On Sunday, the 28th of May, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, I was in Fleet-street


, returning from St. Dunstan's Church. I was walking with my wife's sister, and my wife was walking behind with a lady. My attention was attracted by seeing my wife run after the prisoner. I had not observed him near me. I joined in the pursuit; my wife laid hold of him and charged him with stealing my handkerchief - he denied it. I then felt and missed it. I have never found it.
MRS. 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  TOSWILL
               



            . I went to church with my husbandand came out with him. I was walking behind him, and, about forty yards from the church, I perceived three boys walking between me and him - the prisoner was the middle one. I saw the prisoner stoop and take the handkerchief from my husband's pocket. I laid hold of him directly, and the other two escaped - they were about twelve years old. The prisoner struggled very much to get from me, and drew me into the middle of the road. He was secured immediately, without having broke from me. I saw him hand the handkerchief to one of the others.


                  JOHN 
                  WALLIS
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I was pushed by a crowd, and saw two or three lads following a gentleman - I was pushed rather towards him. A lady laid hold of the tail of my coat, I turned round stepped off the pavement, and asked what she wanted; she charged me with this robbery.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
