





1328. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MUNTIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of June
, 1 purse, value 1d.; 1 sovereign, and 1 half-crown, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Sedgwick
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SEDGWICK
               



            . On the 14th of June, I was going out of Mile-end-road, down Dog-row


, between twelve and one o'clock - the prisoner and his companion overtook me; one came on my right side, and the prisoner on my left - the prisoner said, "Come, young man, we are two weavers from Twig-folly, we will see you safely home:" I said, "I know nothing of you - I would rather be without you" - I turned and called to a friend, and said, "Tom, come on;" he came up, and walked a little way before - I then felt the prisoner's hand in my pocket; I called out, "Tom, they are robbing me;" he said No - I said, "D-n their eyes, they are;" they then ran off - I missed my purse and money; I made a bit of a struggle after them, and got this stick from the prisoner - I struck him twice on the back of his head; that was the nearest I could get to him; he got away, but the watchman came up - he knew him; I gave him my address - the watchman had seen him, though he could not catch him; my purse contained a sovereign and a half-crown - I had it safe when I bought some water-cresses.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . I was with the prosecutor - I stopped a short time, and when I came up, I saw the prisoner and his mate - the prosecutor said, "Come on, Tom, we are all going home together;" I looked at the prisoner and his companion, but did not know them - I walked on; the prosecutor said, "Tom, they are robbing me;" I said,"Nonsense, not they:" he then said, "D-n their eyes, they are;" I turned round, and saw the prisoner had got hold of the prosecutor's left arm, and then they ran off.
RICHARD BURTON. I am a watchman. I was coming out of the street from crying one o'clock - I saw the prosecutor, the prisoner and another man, in the middle of the road - the prisoner had hold of the prosecutor's left arm; I heard the prosecutor say they had robbed him - he called to Jones, and Jones called him stupid; he then said,"D-n their eyes, they are robbing me," and they ran off; I knew the prisoner before.
JOHN RADLEY. I received information from Burton,and found the prisoner - he asked what I took him for; I said he would find that hereafter - I found nothing on him.
Prisoner. You will see that at the Magistrate's - he said he took a wrong man.
The deposition being read, contained no such statement.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
