







1590. 
               
                  HENRY GREENACRE 
                  WHALL
               





             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of August


, 306 lbs. of worsted value 40 l., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Barlow
                     






                  , his master
            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM BARLOW. I am a general commission agent
 - my warehouse is in Bull's-head-court, Newgate-street




 - my house is in Godliman-street. I took the prisoner into my employ in May last, in consequence of having a good opinion of him. I was to give him 50 l. a-year, and to find a lodging in my warehouse for himself and family. I left town on the 12th of August, and left fifty bundles of worsted in my warehouse; when I had been absent a little time I received a letter, and returned to town. I went to my warehouse, but the prisoner was not there. I saw him on the afternoon of the 20th, and asked him what worsted had been sent out in my absence. He said none. I missed a considerable quantity. I went home, and the key of the warehouse was sent me the following evening about seven o'clock. I went next morning, and found the prisoner, his wife and child were gone away. There were several boxes left belonging to him - they were opened, and some papers found in his desk were open, and this paper was found in it - reads "Messrs, Block and Son, Dr. to - ." as if it were the beginning of an invoice. I afterwards saw Mr. Block, who shewed me this paper in the prisoner's hand-writing. I caused a search to be made, and found him on the Thursday evening following, in the Edward-road; he ran away - I set up a hue and cry, and he was taken - here is a sample of worsted which was found in his box.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. From what part of the kingdom did the prisoner come? A. From Birmingham - about two years ago - he had been in good circumstances - his wife is related to mine; I had perfect confidence in him - my suspicions were excited by the letter I had received - when I returned the prisoner was there - I did not use any harsh expressions to him - when he went he left his desk open, and his boxes locked - he had no business to deal for any other person. I cannot swear the worsted - all I can say is, that this is like some I had in my possession, and which other persons must have likewise. The property is my own, and is regularly consigned to me by invoice.
MR. ALLEY. Q. Has your worsted any particular number? A. Yes; this is No. 12 slack worsted - the bulk of my worsted is on the ground floor, to which the prisoner had access - when I returned there were twenty-six bundles missing.
(Invoice read)
Messrs. Block and Son, To Wm. Wright, Bradford.
(Sold by Son and Agent.)
25 bundles super worsted, 300 wt. at 2 s. 5 d.	36 l. 5 s. 0 d
Allowance for immediate cash, 1 d. per lb.		 1 l. 5 s. 0 d
									35 l. 0 s. 0 d.
Received of Block and Son, Thirty-five Pounds, for
WM. WRIGHT, Aug. 19, 1825.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BLOCK
               



            . I live in Newgate-street. A man like the prisoner came to me, and said he had a quantity of worsted from his father, at Bradford, to sell; I repulsed him at first; but he stated that he had served a person in the neighbourhood with some, and I gave him this order, for which I paid him ready money - he did not ask for the money - it was my own act and deed - he brought it in open day with two porters.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PORTER BADLEY
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Block. The prisoner was the man who brought the worsted to my masters.
JAMES CASTLE. I live at No. 7, Bull's-head-court. About nine o'clock in the morning of the 17th or 18th of August, I saw a light cart, painted green, draw up to the door of No. 1, and sixteen or eighteen brown paper parcels were tossed into it, two at a time. I have seen thebundles that remain at the prosecutor's warehouse, and they seem exactly like those.
WILLIAM BARLOW re-examined. Q. Had the prisoner any authority to sell goods for you? A. Yes; if application was made to him, but he was not to make application. My price at that time was 2 s. 8 d. per lb. I had no other clerk nor porter.
Prisoner's Defence. On the return of Mr. Barlow from Halifax, he accused me of stealing worsted; I distinctly denied it, and said "The quantity of worsted is the same as you left it," which it certainly was - many words arose out of it, and he said, "I am desired by my employers to discharge you instantly - however painful to my feelings I must instantly discharge you;" "I am sorry, Sir," said I "but I dare say I can find other employment." I was taken five days afterwards, in the Edgware-road, where my wife was about to open a little shop; I took the key over to him myself; it was not a clandestine departure. - A good deal has been said about my boxes; when I was taken the prosecutor said, "Do you know any thing of any cutlery" - I said, "My boxes are all there, search my papers, my pocket-books, and every thing for proofs (if you can find them) of my infidelity" - there was not a lock on any box. A good deal has been said about a bit of worsted being found in my desk - these samples were about the warehouse, and I was in the habit of shewing them - it might have been in my pocket; because five individuals had applied for samples, which I had shewn them - it might have been in some of my apartments, but it was not in my boxes.
WILLIAM BARTON re-examined. Q. How long was it before you left that you saw these fifty bundles of worsted? A. On the morning I left (the 12th of August) - on my return I discharged the prisoner, on my own authority - I never said that any persons had directed me to discharge him. On the Thursday after he left he sent a note to me, with a cart, and desired the goods that were left might be given up to him; and the carter told me, with a great deal of reluctance, that he was not to go to a house, but to meet the prisoner in the Edgware-road, opposite the New-road, Paddington; I went there, and met him. I did not know of any house being taken.
One witness gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
1591. HENRY GREENACRE WHALL was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of July


, twelve knives, value 3 s., and twelve forks, value 3 s., the goods of William Barlow, his master
            .
WILLIAM BARLOW. The prisoner was my servant
. I have here a duplicate, dated the 15th of July, for some knives and forks, pawned at Mr. Reeve's; they were kept in my warehouse.


                  CHARLES 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Reeves, pawnbroker, of Snow-hill. I have some knives and forks, pawned by the prisoner, on the 15th of July.
Prisoner's Defence. The articles may be had in any cutler's-shop - I have been in the commission trade myself eighteen months, and they were my own, and what marks can the prosecutor identify them by?
WILLIAM BARLOW. By the manufacturer's name upon them, and by having the desserts and the carvers to match them - they are a common sort. I did not know of the prisoner dealing in them for himself.
JURY. Q. Have you the carvers and desserts here? - A. I have not. I have compared them - they are the same, and have the same maker's name on them.



               NOT GUILTY
            .
1592. HENRY GREENACRE WHALL was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of June


, one hundred razors, value 30 s.; one hundred and twenty knives, value 30 s.; and one hundred and twenty forks, value 30 s.; the goods of William Barlow, his master
            .
WILLIAM BARLOW. The prisoner was my servant. I found a duplicate in his box, of some razors pawned at Mr. Reeves', Snow-hill. I got them from him, they were missing from my stock, and they have my writing on them.
CHARLES PAYNE. I did not take in these razors, but I have a parcel of knives, pawned on the 12th of August for 7 s. I have known the prisoner some time, and have taken in various articles of him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROOK
               



            . I live with Mr. Essex, the pawnbroker. I have two dozen of knives and forks pawned by the prisoner on the 5th and 6th of August.
WILLIAM BARLOW. Those knives and forks are missing from my stock - and are numbered with the same numbers as I have my goods marked; one of the dozens are not marked, but they are of the same description as what I have; they are dessert knives, and have the same maker's name. I have the remainder of the set at home.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRADFORD
               



            . I live with Mr. Baily, a pawnbroker. I took in these knives and forks from the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. With regard to what the prosecutor says, of his having an exclusive mark, it is a mere burlesque; it is the mark by which London houses are regularly supplied. The pawnbroker's say, they cannot be sure I pawned them. I am well assured they cannot, because I did not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
