






NEW COURT. (7th DAY.)
Middlesex Cases, Third Jury,
Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1553. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  CROFT
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SULLIVAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of September
, a desk, value 50 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Biggerstaff
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
ROBERT BIGGERSTAFF. I live at Thames-bank, in the parish of St. George's, Hanover-square


. I had a folding mahogany brass-bound writing-desk, with brass handles and corners - the brass plate was off - it was an old one.


                  ELIZA 
                  PIDDINGTON
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. On the morning of the 3d of September, I saw the desk, about eight o'clock, standing on a table in the front parlour, and a bird-organ standing on it; about one o'clock, I was cleaning the passage on my knees, and saw a man go out of the door and along the garden towards the Thames; he walked across the Green, and got to the path - he had on a black coat and dark trousers; he was about the size of Croft. I did not see any other person about the premises; soon afterwards, in consequence of what my mistress said, I went to the parlour, and found the door bolted on the inside; I got in at the window, which looks towards the garden; I found the little organ standing on a chair by the window, and the desk gone; I gave an alarm to Brown, who lives next door, and then went over to the counting-house to my master.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. How far was the person from you when you first saw him? A. I do not think he was more than twenty yards. I think it was a black coat he had on - I only saw one person.


                  RICHARD 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Cook and Co. the distillers. On the 3d of September, I went to dinner at one o'clock; I passed the door of Mr. Biggerstaff - I saw the two prisoners near there; Croft had a black coat on, and some crape on his hat: he had dark cord trousers on; he was sitting on the rails at the front of the house, and Sullivan was by him, with his hands full of apples; he had a blue jacket and trousers, and a seal skin cap; they had a piece of green baize by the side of them, but no desk; I went back in about twenty minutes; I met the two prisoner's again, and Sullivan had a desk on his shoulders, half covered with green baize, but I could see all the back part of it; it shut up in three pieces, and was bound round with brass, and had a brass handle at the end; neither of them spoke to me; they were coming towards Westminster; I saw Mr. Biggerstaff directly afterwards - he said he had lost a writing desk - I told him what I had seen.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you stop them to examine the desk? A. No; but I could see very plainly that it shut up in three pieces. I stopped and looked at it; Mr. Bickerstaff had not told me that it shut up in three pieces, till I told him what I had seen; I saw the end of it, and half way along it - I did not stop it because I had no knowledge of whose it was.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I live at No. 3, Vauxhall-road, with Mr. Kendall, an oil and colourman. I was going to Mr. Smith's, on the bank, on the 3d of September, and saw the prisoners at Johnson's-place, about half-past one o'clock, about a quarter of a mile from Mr. Biggerstaff's - they were going towards the Vauxhall-road, in the way to Westminster. I knew Sullivan - he had a small mahogany desk on his shoulder - the green baize had slipped off it, and hung on his shoulder - the desk was partly open - it had bits of brass round the corners. I did not say any thing to him, as he was on the other side - he had a youngman by his side, and I thought he was carrying the desk for him - I cannot say who it was, as I did not take notice - they turned round by Mr. Lewis', the market gardener's - he put the desk down on the ground, and covered the green baize over it again - when I got to Mr. Royal's, the boat-builder's, a man made some inquiries about it, and I stated what I had seen. Some person came to my house the same afternoon, and I went to Queen-square. Sullivan had a blue jacket and trousers on, and a seal-skin cap. I saw him again at the watch-house on Sunday morning - he then had a long white coat on, and an old hat. I went to Queen-square to give evidence on the Saturday afterwards. A strange young man came up to me and talked with me; and Sullivan came and said he would give me a shilling if I would say it was not him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am an officer of Queen-square. I apprehended Croft on Saturday night, the 3d of September, in Peter-street - he was then dressed in a blue coat and dark trousers. I found this bit of crape in the crown of his hat, folded up, and pinned with black pins. I have seen him wear black crape on his hat of the same width as this. I asked him where he had been all day, and he said at his mother's. I asked where that was - he said at No. 52, Duck-lane. I went there, but could not learn that he had been there. I afterwards asked if he knew Sullivan - he said he did not. About one o'clock on Sunday I apprehended Sullivan, secreting himself in Mr. Sullivan's premises, the boat-builder, at Millbank - he had got over the garden pales, and was behind some articles on the premises. I asked if he knew George Croft - he said No, he did not. I asked him again, and he admitted that he did know him, but had not seen him for three months. Sullivan had the same coat on then as he has now, and a black hat. I knew both the prisoners before. I found at Croft's lodgings a letter signed "George Croft." A girl of the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Alexander
               



             lives there.
Prisoner SULLIVAN. I was walking up and down the field - I was not concealed. Witness. Yes, he was concealed - there is no way to get into that field but over a paling.
CROFT - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
SULLIVAN - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
