





1278. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of August
, twenty gallons of wine, value 10 l., and 6 lbs. of jam, value 6 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Tatham
                  




               
            , his master
.


                  JOHN 
                  TATHAM
               



            . I live in Golden-square, Westminster


. The prisoner had been in my service for eighteen months. I left London with Mrs. Tatham the latter end of August last, for Wales, and left her with a female servant, who is rather deaf, and a confidential clerk in the house. The clerk did not sleep there; his chief business was to take charge of the papers. I ordered the prisoner not to leave the house on any account. I have three cellars of Foreignand British wines. I had some Madeira, Port and Sherry, besides liquors. I locked the wine-cellar door myself, and put the key into my writing desk, in the office, with some money and other things of value. The desk was locked, and I took the key of it with me. I returned on the 30th of September. I found the key of the cellar in my desk, and when I looked into my cellar, I found a bottle of Madeira, with a glass by the side of it, which I never put there. The prisoner had been in the cellar with me, but never had been trusted by himself. I am positive the glass was not there when I left London. The number of bottles were evidently diminished, and I taxed him with taking it. When the officer came on the 6th of October, I said to the prisoner,
"You have used me ill, you have been to my cellars," he said voluntarily that he had, and had taken two or three bottles. He had taken the key out of my desk, with an iron hook, which is used for taking the heater from the fire. There is a slit in the side of the desk, out of which he had got the key. The officer and the clerk were there at that time.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you a dealer in wine - A. No. I had other servants in my house. I had left a few shillings in a purse, in my desk. I had spoken to the prisoner before the officer came, about the cellar being opened; I said he must explain it to his mistress. I said, on the following Sunday after I came home.
"I am afraid you have been doing something very wrong, I wonder you are not ashamed to look me in the face, I did not say he should be punished for it, or any thing of the kind.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer. I was present on Wednesday, the 6th of October, when the prisoner spoke on this subject; no promise or threat had been held out to him, he said he had taken two or three bottles, and showed his master in my presence, how he had got the key.


                  JOHN 
                  TATHAM
               



             re-examined. Q. What was the whole quantity of wine you lost - A. Two or three dozen were missing. I believe some had been drank in the house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
