






1075. 
               
                  HENRY SUTTON 
                  HOGGARD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of May
, 2 pieces of linen, value 4l. 18s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Emmett
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Tarling
                  



               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am the wife of Richard Evans, who is an ostler at Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Tarling
               



            's livery stables, in St. John's-street, Clerkenwell


. A brown paper parcel was brought there on the 4th of May by Miss Emmett's servant - it was directed to Miss Browning, Newington-green, and was to go by Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Browning
               



            's chaise, which he keeps at that yard; I put the parcel into another chaise,(which stood at the foot of the stairs,) not Mr. Browning's- the prisoner is a coachman
 to a widow lady, and he puts his horses there to bait when he comes to town; on the 5th, between eleven and twelve o'clock, the prisoner came there, and went away rather before two o'clock - my husband was ordered out with a carriage at the same time; I then looked for the parcel, and it was gone.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS Q. Have you seen the parcel since? A. I have seen the articles, but they were not packed up as I left them in the coach - the place was not locked; it is a private yard - there may be from twelve to fifteen or twenty carriages a day there; persons who come with horses have access to them - the parcel was in the coach-house; the door stands open all day - none but gentlemen's servants come there.


                  RICHARD 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am ostler in the yard. I saw the parcel on the 5th of May, it was directed to Miss Browning, to go to Newington-green; the chaise-washer took the chaise into the yard to wash, which had this parcel in it - I was going by at the time; I called him, and censured him for not placing it in the hinder chaise - I took it, and put it in the hinder chaise, and the prisoner, who was there, asked if I considered the parcel safe - I said,"Yes, if it were untold gold;" we then went and had a glass of ale - in about a quarter of an hour we returned into the yard; he went towards the coach-house, and I went about my own avocations - his time came near to go out with a carriage to drive a gentleman, and I went out about the same time to drive a gentleman; when I returned in the evening my wife told me the parcel was gone - I looked, and missed it; I went to the prisoner's mistress' son, and directed his fellow servants to watch him - I saw the parcel again on the 12th of May I think; it was Davis and myself went and took the prisoner in Long-acre on his mistress' carriage box - I jumped upon his box, and said, "You are my prisoner - I want the other piece of cloth which you took from the yard;" he said, "For God Almighty's sake don't hurt me; it is my first offence, and I have never been comfortable since," and he directly told the officer where to find the other piece of cloth - I went to Highgate, and found it in the body of a truss of straw.
BENJAMIN NICHOLLS. On the 11th of May I received information from a person in the lane; the prisoner afterwards told me that he had some cloth to send to town, and asked if the carriers were gone - I said Yes, he had better send it to-morrow; he said, "I shall not;" I said,"If you will leave it with me, I will send:" about half-past ten o'clock, on the 12th of May, he gave it me as he was going out with his coach - I said I was going to Clerkenwell, and would take it; he put on it a direction,"
               
                  Martha 
                  Gunter
               



            , Bishopsgate-street;" I gave it to Davis.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am an officer. The gardener came and gave me this parcel; I then went to Long-acre, and apprehended the prisoner - when he came down from his box, he said "Good God! how could this be found out?" I said the gardener had brought it all to light - he said,"It is the first thing I ever did in my life, and have never been happy since I did it;" I said, "As you have said that, will you tell me where the other piece of cloth is?" he said, "If you will go to Highgate you will find it in the centre of a truss of straw at the end of the straw loft."
Cross-examined. Q. Had you threatened or promised him any thing? A. No; he did not say whose the cloth was.
LUKE CURTIS. I am a linendraper. This cloth was bought at my master's, Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Wilson
               



            , St. John-street; it has our mark upon it.


                  HELEN 
                  READING
               



            . I am in the employ of Miss 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Emmett
               



            . I had two pieces of linen to pack up, which I took to the stable, and gave to the ostler's wife.


                  SARAH 
                  EMMETT
               



            . I am daughter of Elizabeth Emmett. This cloth was delivered to me to take to the stable yard.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
