





1286. 
               
                  FOWLER 
                  BOWDLEY
               



             & 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FRANKS
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of September
, 7 lbs. of solder, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Earl of Egremont





            .


                  HENRY 
                  HERRINGTON
               



            . I was employed as clerk of the works at Lord Egremont's house, No. 4, Grosvenor-place, St. George's, Hanover-square


, they had been under repair. Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Osborne
               



             was the master of the works; before the 23d of September, there had been great repairs of plumber's and carpenter's work - the prisoners were plumbers
, and had been taking up old lead and putting down new; the old lead was to be brought into my possession, and placed in a coach-house, after being brought into the work shop by them. On the 23d of September, I got into the hay-loft and removed some boards, suspecting that the plumbers had stolen lead - I placed myself in the loft at a quarter past six o'clock in the evening, and on looking through a hole I had made in the lath and plaster, I saw Franks with his waistcoat partly unbuttoned, and a piece of lead in his hand, which he concealed between his waistcoat and breeches, he then buttoned his waistcoat over it; I then saw Bowdley do the same; Connell, another man, was treading on a piece of lead to bring it into a small compass. I went down and called Mr. Osborne - he went with me to the shop, and there we found the two prisoners. Connell was at that time shut in a cupboard; I shut the room door, and said, I suspected they had lead about them, and insisted upon searching them before they left the room - they denied it; I then went up to Franks and unbuttoned his waistcoat, and found this piece of lead in his possession - I put my hand to it, and then he took hold of it and pulled it out. I then went to Bowdley and said, I insisted upon searching him; he opened his waistcoat, and gave me out his piece of lead. I then went to the cupboard, and found Connell - I said,
"Have you got yours about you;" he said No - but I found a piece on the floor in the corner. Mr. Osborne and I took the lead into my room, and kept it there till the Tuesday following, and then took it to Bow-street. I discharged the men, and told them that was all I could do, but should inform Lord Egremont of it, and he might do as he pleased.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was there a house adjoining belonging to Lady Marsham - A. Yes, the workmen were stripping that house as well; the old lead from the two houses was mixed together in the work shop - we had no private mark on the lead which came from one or the other house - I could not tell which they came from; Lord Egremout paid for the repairs; he is the proprietor of both houses. Lady Marsham is his tenant; the lead had been brought from her house, No. 3, on that day.


                  JAMES 
                  OSBORNE
               



            . I am master of the works - the two houses belong to Lord Egremont; he employed me, and I have workmen there. On the 23d of September, Herrington came to me, and I went with him to a room which we call the plumber's shop; it is over one of the stables at No. 4 - we saw the prisoners there; the clerk searched the prisoners and found the lead on them. I then saw Connell in the cupboard, and found a piece of lead by him, but none on his person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a Bow-street Officer. I produce some, the lead was given me at Bow-street.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  TYLER
               



            . I am steward to 
               
                  George 
                  Earl
               



             of Egremont. The two houses belong to him - Lady Marsham is his tenant.
BOWDLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.
FRANKS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
