





376. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  NIGHTINGALE
               




             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, 1 silver snuff-box, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lake
               




            .
THOMAS LAKE. On the 24th of November I was at the King's Arms public-house, in Philip-lane


; the prisoner was there; we had dined at one table - the other persons were gone; and he I were alone in the room; I called the waiter to get me some snuff; I took out my box and offered it to her, and I think the prisoner reached out his hand, and handed it across the table to her - she returned with the box and some snuff in it, and gave it to the prisoner to pass on to me, I believe, but I am not quite certain whether he took it or not, but it came into his hands; he took some snuff and, in a short time, went out with the box; I did not see him again till last Saturday; I saw the box at the Mansion House - this is it; I did not know where the prisoner lived, but he knew where I lived.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you give me the snuff-box? A. Yes; I think I did, and you gave it to the waiter, and she returned it; I did not fall asleep in the interim - I got a little drowsy - I was not asleep when you left the room; I saw you go - I made no remark to the waiter about your leaving the room; I waited some time expecting you to return; I never said to the waiter, it would be all right if you had got it; she did not tell me you had it; I went two or three days afterwards to know if you had returned the box, and the answer was you had not called.
Cross-examined by Mr. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did not you put your box into the prisoner's hands? A. Yes; he took it for the purpose of handing it to the waiter, and she went out; I did not afterwards express myself satisfied that it had not been stolen; I had seen him five or six times before, but I did not see him again till Saturday last - I was very angry about it.


                  JANE 
                  CRAGHILL
               



            . I live at the King's-arms, Phillip-lane. I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner there; I was called, and the snuff-box was given me to get some snuff; I did not like to go, as it was wet, and I gave it to our young man to go; when I came back, the prisoner took the box, as I supposed, to pass it to Mr. Lake; the prisoner came a day or two afterwards, and I asked him if he took the box, he said he did; I said, it was not a gentlemanly sort of action; he said I might make myself comfortable, as he would return it; he staid at the house about three hours, and had something to drink to the amount of 3s.; but he went away and did not pay - the money belonged to me.
Cross-examined. Q. On your return, did you see the prosecutor? A. Yes; he was not asleep - he told me to give the twopence to the man for fetching the snuff; he was sitting down, but I could not get at him, and I gave the box to the prisoner, but I did not see him put it into his pocket; I ran up as far as Wood-street after the prisoner, and asked him for the money; he said he would not pay.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I received the key of the box of the prisoner, which I gave to Hesketh, who found the duplicate.


                  ROBERT 
                  HESKETH
               



            . I went and found the duplicate in the box.


                  ROBERT 
                  ESSEX
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Aldersgate-street. I received this box in pawn on the 24th of November, for 1l.; the ticket is in the name of Joseph Nightingale; I gave the person this duplicate.
Prisoner to JANE CRAGHILL. Q. Did not I return the same day? A. No; it was late before you went away; I did not say the gentleman had been gone more than an hour. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
