





226. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  LESSING
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of August
, 1 work-box, value 11s., and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Cameron
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I live at Charles Cameron's, a cabinetmaker
, in Dorrington-street, Clerkenwell


. On the 4th of August, about eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came into the shop, and asked to look at some work-boxes; he chose two, and said they were to be sent to Sadler's Wells, and he would meet the person there, and send one of them back, and the money for the other - I put them into a handkerchief, and Charles Cameron, Jun., took them; his cousin went with him - he returned in an hour with one box, but no money - I am sure of his person; he wanted me once before to send some goods out.


                  CHARLES 
                  CAMERON, JUN.
               



             I am the prosecutor's son - I went with the boxes, and when I got near Sadler's Wells, I met the prisoner; he told me to sit down on the steps of a door; to give him one box, and his mother would call on Saturday and pay for it, and bring the handkerchief - I saw him knock at three doors, but he did not go in - I lost sight of him after he knocked at the third door.


                  ANDREW 
                  LLOYD
               



            . William Reed (who is not here) apprehended the prisoner - the box has not been found.


                  CHARLES 
                  CAMERON
               



            . I missed a work-box from my shop.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from Mr. Trueman's to attend a sale, and a person told me to buy a work-box; I went to Cameron's, and took it to the house of the person who wanted it - I left it there, and told the lad that the lady would call in the morning.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
