





1443. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  GODDARD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of July
, 1 watch, value 6l.; 1 seal, value 10s.; 2 keys, value 2s.; 1 ring, value 2s., and 1 ribbon, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Mott
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM MOTT. I live in Fleet-street, and am master of St. Bride's workhouse
. On the 4th of July, between nine and ten o'clock at night, I was passing along Cheapside


, nearly opposite Bird-in-Hand-passage, and the prisoner ran forcibly against me, and snatched my watch from my fob; he ran into King-street: I pursued him about ten paces, was tripped up, and fell; I lost sight of him for a moment: I saw him running when I got up, and called Stop thief! he was stopped in Ironmonger-lane - I am confident he is the man; I saw the watch before the Lord Mayor, and am confident of it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.Was it not darkish? A.Not very dark; the lamps were lighted, and it was moon-light - I lost him in King-street; I had dined at home - I had been to see my brother-in-law, and took some ale; I was not intoxicated - I am confident of him; I had a full view of his face, his figure, and every thing.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STYLES
               



            . I am a watchman of Cheap ward. I heard the rattle springing, and heard the cry of Stopthief! about one door up Ironmonger-lane; I instantly pursued, and the prisoner came, turning the corner - I caught him in my arms; we had a struggle, and he said,"Let me go - it is only my brother and I larking;" we had a skirmish, and he fell down: nothing was found in my presence - I took him back to my brother watchman, who said he had robbed a gentleman of his watch; the prisoner made no answer: I saw Mr. Mott in about two minutes - he said, "That is the man who robbed me of my watch;" I saw it produced at the Mansion-house, and he claimed it.
Cross-examined. Q. Was Mott far from you? A. The prisoner had turned the corner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STOCKER
               



            . I am a watchman. I was in Guildhall-yard, heard a rattle spring, and went towards the sound; when I got there the prisoner was in Styles' custody - there were sufficient to hold him; Styles told me where he had been stopped - I went there, and found the watch by the grating, on the exact spot; it had a ribbon, three keys, and a seal - I gave it to Scott: I afterwards saw it before the Alderman and the prosecutor claimed it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you find it in the street? A.Under a window, with a railing before it; it was under the grating - I found it three hours after.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SCOTT
               



            . The watch was delivered to me.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The gentleman said he had lost his watch, but did not see who took it, and he thought it was me, but after a bit he was so intoxicated that he swore to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
