





Before Mr. Justice Park.
2029. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, 1 watch, value 40s.; 1 chain, value 10s.; 4 seals, value 10s.; 1 key, value 1s.; and 2 rings, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Thompson
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  KILBEY
               



            . I am a constable. On the 24th of October, about twenty minutes before twelve o'clock, I was going home, and saw the prosecutor with the prisoner in Lower Seymour-street - he was rather tipsy, and I suspected she would rob him - they were arm-in-arm; I followed them as far as Baker-street chapel; I then saw him turn round, and get from her; he crossed over to my side of the way, passed me, and turned up George-street; a young man then went up and spoke to the prisoner, and they then both ran after the prosecutor; the prisoner overtook him, and took his arm till he got to the corner of Charles-street


; they stood talking a minute or two together; she then seemed to clasp him in her arms, and immediately ran away; I ran over to the gentleman, and said, "Are you robbed Sir?" he put his hand to his breeches, and said, "Yes, I have lost my watch;" I ran after her, and took her in King-street-mews, about five hundred yards off, and said, "You have got a watch?" she denied it. I brought her into King-street, and met the prosecutor, who asked her for his watch; she denied it, and in the middle of the road in the mews, on the very spot where I apprehended her, I found the watch.
JOSEPH THOMPSON. I am a servant out of place
; I was in Seymour-street. The prisoner came up, and asked me to take a walk with her - I said I wished to have nothing to do with her, and told her to let go of my arm; I got from her opposite the chapel; she overtook me again at the corner of Charles-street, and laid hold of me all in a moment, round the waist, and snatched my watch; I did not miss it till Kilbey came, and asked if I had lost it; he went to King-street-mews, and found it; I had not been in the mews that night at all - I was intoxicated.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
