





774. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PERRYMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Lainson
                        




                     
                  , on the 11th of May
, on the King's highway, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch chain, value 2 l.; two seals, value 2 l., and one key, value 5 s.
            , his property.
MR. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  LAINSON
               



            . I live at Rotherhithe, and have a warehouse in Broad-street. On the 11th of May, about nine o'clock at night, I was going up Lombard-street


 towards Gracechurch-street, and was suddenly attacked by two or three men, who threw me down by some means - I was deprived of my senses for a short time; I cannot say whether I fell by stumbling or not - my wrist was sprained by the fall, and my knees hurt - I am not quite sure that I did not stumble myself; I do not recollect what happened while I was on the ground; but when I got up I found a person at my pocket, he gave a violent pull at my watch, the chain broke, and then a person ran up Ball-alley; I cannot say who he was, I pursued him crying Stop thief! and in a moment or two I saw the prisoner in custody. My chain and seals were brought up from an area in Ball-alley, the pendant of the watch was broken.


                  JAMES 
                  CRAIG
               



            . I am a gardener, and was in Ball-alley; I heard a cry of Stop thief! coming from the Lombard-street end of the Alley. The prisoner was running in a direction from the cry, nobody else was in the alley - I collared and held him till the prosecutor came up, which was in about one minute and a half; he begged me to let him go; I refused; he did not ask why I held him. I stopped him over an area, he shuffled about, and I thought I saw something drop from him. A number of persons had come out of their houses by that time. A woman in the house brought up the chain and seals, and gave them to Mr. Lainson who appeared much hurt, and desired me to hold the prisoner - he gave no account of himself, but begged Mr. Lainson to excuse him, and look over it, and it should not happen again; he said the same at the watch-house.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I heard the cry and ran in pursuit.
GUILTY. Aged 25.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
