





441. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     HEATH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               bigamy
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  OCTAVIUS 
                  YOUNG THISELTON
               



            . I am parish-clerk of St. Pancras. I produce the register of marriages in that parish, which states that on the 12th of May, 1823, 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Heath
               



            , batchelor, and 
               
                  
                     Caroline 
                     Charronneau
                  



               
            , were married by banns by 
               W. H. Charlton
            , in presence of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Ayling
               



             and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Elizabeth
               



             Moore.


                  AMY 
                  SARTI
               



            . I am sister of Caroline Charronneau. I know the prisoner - my sister lived with him as his wife for five or six years; she went by the name of Caroline Heath - she was alive ten weeks ago; I had an uncle who died lately - I do not know whether the prisoner got any money.
COURT. Q. Did your sister and this man live together, and pass as man and wife? A. Yes; by the name of Heath.
Cross-examined by Mr. ADOLPHUS. Q. Where did you live at this time? A. In King-street, Bloomsbury, and my sister in Crown-street; I do not think I was more than three or four times at her house - the last time I saw her, 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Heath
               



             was with her; that is ten or twelve weeks ago.
HARRIET MEREDITH. I am sister of Caroline Charronneau. I know of their living together as man and wife for five or six years - I saw her ten weeks ago.
Cross-examined. Q. Where do you live? A. In different parts of the town, since my sister's marriage - it is about four years since I first saw her living by the name of Mrs. Heath; I saw her three or four times - I did not sleep in the house.


                  WHITWORTH 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . The prisoner was in my employ; I believe this name 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Heath
               



            , in the register, to be something like his hand-writing, but his present hand-writing varies from this - I should think this to be his hand-writing.
Cross-examined. Q. If you had seen these words any where, should you have said "That is my clerk's handwriting?" A. I should not if I had not heard something -I do not know that I should have supposed the contrary, but I should have doubted it exceedingly: the inclination of my belief is that it is his.


                  SIMEON 
                  LEVY
               



            . I think I know the writing of the prisoner - this looks like his writing; I think it is his.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you seen enough of his writing to give a firm opinion upon the subject? A. I think I have; this is rather more aslant than he generally writes; I knew his hand-writing five years ago - I do not know that I should say I believed it to be his hand-writing in any other way.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PARROTT
               



            . I am a shoemaker. I know the prisoner: I can swear to his hand-writing - I believe this to be his.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever seen him write? A. Yes; he bound me, and signed my indenture; I have not seen him write on any other occasion - I have no doubt about it.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I know the prisoner; I have seen him write, not many times, but enough to enable me to speak to my belief of his hand-writing - these words "
               
                  Daniel 
                  Heath
               



            " are not exactly like what I have seen him write - it is different, but I believe it to be his.
Cross-examined. Q.You say it is different to what he writes? A. There is a similitude; it is different in one point of view - if I saw it any where I should say I believed it to be Daniel Heath's.


                     MARGARET 
                     EVANS
                  




               
            . I married the prisoner on the 19th of September, 1826
, at St. Giles


' - I had known him about two years before; he was an attorney's clerk - he represented himself to me as single, and offered me marriage just before we were married; I lived at that time in Devonshire-street, Queen-square - I was not possessed of any property at that time; I was to have about 80l. - I believe the prisoner knew that at the time; he had it after we were married - we had a milk-walk afterwards; this is a copy of our marriage register which I got at St. Giles' church - I had one child by him; he never treated me very well - I was afterwards separated from him; he threatened it several times; I have the child still - I did not learn he was married till about seven monthsafterwards; I charged him with it - he denied it at first, but afterwards admitted it. I remember signing a paper which he wished me to do; he took the paper - I married him in the name of John Lloyd; I cannot tell exactly when I learned that his name was Heath - when he left me he took the greater part of the furniture away; I should not have signed that paper had it not been for him - I have no means of subsistence now; he would not maintain the child, or I would not have proceeded against him - I told him so, but he still refused to give me a shilling for the child.
Cross-examined. Q. How long were you acquainted with him? A.About two years - I knew him all that time by the name of Lloyd; I never inquired for him by the name of Heath - I was at home with my step-father; the prisoner was introduced to me at home - I am sure of that; it was not at a dance - that was afterwards: I wrote what Mr. Lloyd told me and signed it - this was in Devonshire-street, six or seven months after we had been married, to the best of my recollection; I do not recollect when I dated the paper - I believe he had it dated backward; I wrote the date - I got about 80l.; that was laid out in the purchase of a milk-walk, which I carried on while he was at the attorney's office; the money did not all come into my hands, he took the gold and I was to keep the silver - I continued the milk-walk about three months; I took it in October - I signed the paper after that; he did allow me 15s. a week - he did not say if I would leave off drinking and improper company he would continue to allow it, but if not he would only allow me 8s.: I never kept improper company - I do not know of any gentleman who left tobacco on the chimney-piece; my uncle came to see me - I never visited his mother, Mrs. Heath, before I was married.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You have said the contents of that paper were written by you at the instigation of the prisoner? A. Yes; I do not know what the date is - I do not think I wrote the date: if I did, it was at the prisoner's desire - he only continued to pay me the 15s. a week for about two months; I have been separated from him about five months - I, after that received 8s. a week for the child; he has left that off about two months.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You say during two months he allowed you 15s. a-week? A. Yes - after that 8s. a week; but during the last two months I have not received any thing.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am the parish-clerk of St. Giles-in-the-Fields - I have the register of marriages in that parish. On the 19th of September, 1826, John Lloyd, bachelor, and 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Evans
               



            , were married by banns.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FAGAN
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. I took the prisoner on the 3d of December at an attorney's, in Lincoln's Inn - I told him what he was charged with: he said he could clear it up.
MR. MELECH. I was clerk in the same office with the prisoner for nearly three years. I never knew Margaret Evans to inquire for him at the office, but I have seen her at his house; it was in the spring of 1826, I think - the milk business was carrying on there; a little girl was there when I called, and I asked her for Mr. Heath - she went in, and 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Evans
               



             came out and said, "Mr. Heath, I suppose you mean Lloyd?" I said very likely it was Lloyd, and I left a note for him.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was their milk business going on? A. I saw utensils about - I will not swear it was in 1826; it might be before or after.
Prisoner's Defence. I was introduced to the prosecutrix in September, 1824, at an assembly, in Ship-yard, Temple-bar; in consequence of unpleasant domestic occurrences, I occasionally spent my evening from home, and not wishing my friends to know I frequented so low a place, I took the name of Lloyd there; the prosecutrix did not know any thing relating to me till several months afterwards, though she resided in Devonshire-street, and I within half a mile of it - I mention this to shew the impossibility of my living there, and her not knowing how I was situated previous to Christmas, 1825; I told her my residence, name and every circumstance; I know it took place previous to Christmas, 1825, because her residence was then turned into a milk-shop, and told her while the front was being taken down; she knew this, though she comes to day and swears she knows nothing of it - it is for nothing but to extort money from me.


                  THOMAS 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I lived in the same house as Heath - he shewed me this paper on the 17th of September, 1826, the day but one after it bears date (read).
DEAR LLOYD. - You may rest satisfied I will take no advantage of your having a first wife living, if we are married.
16th Sept. 1826. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  EVANS
               



            .
Q. You remember this paper being shewn you? A. Yes, and I took a note of it in a memorandum-book - he desired me to note it particularly; he asked me to look at that letter, and remember that I had seen it - I did not make any mark on it; I have not my memorandum-book here; he did not dictate any memorandum - he desired I should remember it in case any thing should happen; I did not say the paper will speak for itself - here is the date on it; I read it, but did not ask why it was shewn me - I believe I told him it was felony to have a second wife; I do not know what he said.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You were desired to notice the date of it? A. Yes.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Were you at Mr. Health's mother's in 1826? A. Yes, all the year - I saw Margaret Evans there in May that year - there was a child there very ill, and who is since dead; she asked if that was Mr. Heath's, and expressed great sorrow at its illness.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
