





1729. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  LEGGETT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of October
, two sheets, value 7 s.; two blankets, value 5 s.; two pillows, value 5 s., and a table-cloth, value 18 d., the goods of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Haycocks
                     




                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  ANN 
                  HAYCOCKS
               



            . I am the wife of Richard Haycocks - we live in Collingwood-terrace, Bethnal-green


. On the 17th of October I let a front parlour to the prisoner, at 6 s. a-week, ready furnished - the articles stated in the indictment were part of the furniture - she took possession of it on the 17th of October, and left on the 22d - while she was there a man came to see her, whom she called her husband - on the Tuesday after she came she wanted to exchange a blanket - I went into the room, and she pulled it out - I said "That is not the one I want" - I then missed the other articles - I asked what she had done with them, and she brought out seven duplicates.


                  PETER 
                  PAGE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Bethnal-green. I have a pillow pawned by the prisoner for 2 s., on the 18th of October.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Whitechapel-road. I have a pillow and sheet, pawned by the prisoner on the 18th of October.


                  RICHARD 
                  VARLEY
               



            . I live with Mr. Wakefield, a pawnbroker, Mile-end-road. I have a blanket, pawned by the prisoner on the 22d of October.



                  JOHN 
                  WOODING
               



            . I am a headborough. I took the prisoner, and have the duplicates.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
