





1503. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WELCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of July
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 3 seals, value 1l.; 1 watch-key, value 5s.; 1 ring, value 5s., and 1 watch-ribbon, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Dungate
                     



                  , from the person of Mary, his wife
            .


                     MARY 
                     DUNGATE
                  



               
            . I am the wife of Francis Dungate - he is an undertaker
: he was at a public dinner at the Eyre Arms, on the 25th of June; I went there, and sat in the gardens till they had dined - we were coming home about ten o'clock at night; I had a reticule in my hand, which contained the watch and the articles stated; it was on my arm - as I was in the passage I felt some one push me, and it went away from me momentarily; I saw a person run away, but I could not swear who it was.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were there a great many people running? A. Yes.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BRENT
               



            . I heard the alarm, and saw a man come running towards me; I put out my foot, and tripped him up; he got up, and cried Stop thief! himself - I cannot tell who it was, because it was dark in the passage, but as soon as he got through the passage into the gardens, I saw another person running after him; I found this watch and seals where I tripped up that person.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you dined there? A. Yes, I had drank very little.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WHATMORE
               



            . I bad been at the dinner, and was in the passage. I saw this lady with her reticule - I saw the prisoner take the watch out of the reticule, and run off; he had not ran far before he made a plunge, and fell down - I was within a yard of him, and am certain he is the person who fell down; a friend of mine was waiting in the passage, and I came away immediately.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see a man take the watch, then fall down, and yet not touch him? A. I was forced away by the crowd - I do not know that the Magistrate asked me why I did not give assistance; I was put into the watch-house about two hours afterwards, for being disorderly: I was charged with being drunk, but I was sober.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer. I was standing at the entrance of the gardens, and heard Stop thief! called - I saw the prisoner run, and pursued him; he ran into a booth where there were two or three hundred people: I caught him round the neck - several persons told me to let him alone, as he was a publican's son; I took him back to the lady, and asked her which was the man - she said that was him; I took him into the parlour, and searched him - I found on him a ticket of admission to the dinner, 33s., and a handkerchief; he wished to see the lady, but I would not let him.
MR. PHILLIPS to MRS. DUNGATE. Q. Did you tell Smith he was the person? A. I did, but there were so many hundred persons running I think I might be deceived my husband has no other name but Francis.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JAMES 
                  PERREN
               



            . I saw the prisoner in custody at the bar; he said, "Let me see the lady, and I will make it all right; let me go."
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent, and I hope you will be satisfied of it; why did not this man take me, if he saw what he says - I was apprehended in about five minutes; I said, "Take me back to the lady, she will be convinced I am not the person."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
