





1165. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of May
, 1 lb. 11 ozs. of tobacco, value 5s. 10d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Jago
               




            .
ROBERT JAGO. I keep a tobacco-shop
, in Crown-street, Finsbury - the prisoner was in my employ. I know this tobacco, from its peculiar quality - a larger quantity has been taken from my stock; I was not present when it was found. I charged the prisoner with taking it; he did not deny it, but gave no account of it.


                  THOMAS 
                  LAMB
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Jago - the prisoner was employed in stripping tobacco
. On the 3d of May, at eight o'clock, as he was going to breakfast, I called him back, and said I wished to search him; he pulled of his hat, in which was his victuals - he then held up his arms; I rubbed him down, and found a lump at his stomach; I asked what it was - he said nothing that he knew of; I found it was tobacco, which I believe to be master's, and had been taken from a chest in a room, not where he worked- the door was not locked; he gave no account of it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WALTON
               



            . I am an officer, and took him with the tobacco.


                  ROBERT 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I was in Jago's house, and heard Lamb call out; I ran up, and saw him and the prisoner scuffling; the prisoner was throwing some tobacco from him, and said Lamb had put it upon him.


                  THOMAS 
                  LAMB
               



            . I was holding him because he wanted to go and put it back into the room he took it from.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he had been driven from home by a step-mother, and after being a long time out of employ went to the prosecutor's, at 7s. 6d. a week, and was driven by want to commit the offence, and that he resisted because the prosecutor had struck him.
ROBERT JAGO. I did not beat him at all.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
