





1577. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     LARKIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of September
, 90lbs. weight of solder, value 40s., and 75lbs. weight of lead, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harrison
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hind
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough-street. I met the prisoner in Cavendish-square, at half-past six o'clock last Sunday morning, with a load on his shoulder, covered with green baize - I went up to him, and said "What have you here?" he said "Lead, which I got from my masters;" I said, "Who is your master?" he said, "I suppose I must tell you, it is Messrs. Harrison and Hind's, of Duke-street


;" I found this lead on his shoulder, and under the waistband of his trousers I found 17 lbs. more - I took him to the watch-house, and found three keys in his pocket; I asked where he lived; he first said at his mother's, then he said it was at Barrett's-court, and this was the key of his box - I went there, and found his mother lying in bed, and by the side of the bed I found nine bars of solder, weighing 48 1/2 lbs.; Goddard, who was with me, unlocked another box, and found some more solder, making in the whole 92 lbs. of solder and 72 lbs. of lead.


                  HENRY 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Clements - what he has stated is correct.


                  JOHN 
                  HIND
               



            . I am in partner

ship with 
               
                  John 
                  Harrison
               



            ; we live in Duke-street. On the 6th of September the officer came to me - I have no doubt the solder and lead is ours; the prisoner was our apprentice for four years - I missed a great deal of solder, which is like this, cast in sand - solder is generally cast in moulds.
Prisoner's Defence. I was very faint for want of victuals: a man I worked with asked me if I should be at home the night before; I said Yes; he came and brought this solder, and told me to lock it up in my box - he told me on the Sunday morning to help him carry it, and as I was going along I was stopped; he said if any one stopped me to say it was lead from my master's, and they would let me go.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
