






SECOND DAY. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 15.
Fourth Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1436. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  JOHNSON
               




             and 
               
                  MARY 
                  SMITH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of September
, 1 watch,value 3l. 10s.; 1 seal, value 1l. 15s.; 1 watch-key, value 14s., and 1 chain, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Winter
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM WINTER. I live at Pentonville, and am a plumber
. On the evening of the 1st of September I was in Gray's-inn-lane


, and met the two prisoners, who asked for something to refresh them, saying they had had nothing all day; I went to a house and paid for a pint of porter for them; I then walked out; they then came and attempted to pass me - Smith took me by the left arm - Johnson struck me, and took my watch, and handed it to Smith; I took hold of Johnson, and said "You are mistaken in the person to-night, and I shall fix you;" Smith then came up and struck me; I caught hold of her, and held them both till the watchman came; I saw Smith stoop to put the watch behind a hoard, and then return to help Johnson.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SCRIVENS
               



            . I sell shell-fish, and live in Baldwin's-gardens. I saw the prosecutor struggling with the two prisoners - he had hold of them, and asked them for his watch; he held them till the watchman came up - I got a light and found the watch opposite to where he was, by the side of a board fence, where the buildings had been taken down; I had heard the chain rattle when he called for the watchman; the prisoners were near enough to the boards to place the watch there.


                  GEORGE 
                  PARRY
               



            . I am the watchman. I took them in charge about eleven o'clock at night; I heard the cry and ran down - I saw them trying to get from Mr. Winter.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DURWAND
               



            . I am a constable. I received the two prisoners at the watch-house, and received this watch from Scriven.
JOHNSON'S Defence. We met this gentleman, who was very much intoxicated; we went into the house, and had something to drink - when we came out he said "Good God, I have lost my watch;" he then seized us both - I said "Don't pull us so, you had better call the watchman," which he did.
COURT to JOSEPH DURWAND. Q. When the prisoner came to the watch-house did he appear to be drunk? A. No - he swore so hard and fast to them that we were forced to lock them up, though it was not till after they were locked up that the man came in, and said he had found the watch - we had searched them before, and found nothing on them.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
