






970. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     STANTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of July
, 2000 printed bills of parcels, value 2 l. 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Innes
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating them to belong to 
               
                  
                     Mary Sampson 
                     Innes
                  



               
            , widow
.


                  ROBERT 
                  FIELDING
               



            . I am an officer. On the 25th of July, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner with another man in Coleman-street, running. I stopped them, the prisoner had a bundle under his arm. I asked what it was, he said he did not know, nor did he know where he got it from; he said so two or three times. I took him to the watch-house, and found it contained 2000 bills of parcels. Mrs. Innes claimed them.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did he not say they were given him to carry - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  GIRTON
               



            . I was with Fielding, and confirm his statement. The prisoner afterwards told me, a gentleman in Coleman-street gave them to him to carry to Paterson's, in Barbican. I was gone in pursuit of the other boy when the prisoner was stopped.


                  MARY 
                  SAMPSON INNES
               



            . 
               
                  William 
                  Innes
               



             was my husband. I have carried on the trade of an engraver and printer
, in Bell-alley, Coleman-street


, for five years, on my own account. I did not miss these bills till the officer brought them. I have the plate from which they were printed. They were safe on the desk at nine o'clock the night before. We open shop between seven and eight. My daughter was dressing to take them to Sir 
               
                  Robert 
                  Burnet
               



            .
Cross-examined. Q. Do you pay the engraver, or does he share the profits - I pay him; I have no partner whatever. I have not seen my husband for five years, and do not know whether I have one.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
