





1750. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PLUCKROSE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of July
, 1 umbrella, value 1s.,; 1 snuff-box, value 1s.; 1 pair of spectacles, value 7s., and 1 pocket-book, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Roberts
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I lost the articles stated, on the 25th of July. I had been dining with some friends in the City, I had drank rather freely. I went on to Holborn, and got into a hackney-coach - the coachman took my case in hand, and drove me home; there was a stranger followed me into the coach. I do not exactly know what happened there.
Prisoner. Q. You recollect that you introduced yourself first to me to take a pinch of snuff, and told me to tell the coachman to take you to Covent-garden, and in going along, you took the pocket-book out of your pocket, to see if I could find a card of your residence? A. I recollect nothing about it - I might do so. The next morning the coachman called on me, and asked if I had lost any thing. I said I had, and he desired me to attend at Marlborough-street.



                  WILLIAM 
                  LOCK
               



            . I am a hackneyman. The prosecutor went by me on the evening in question - the prisoner had the umbrella in his hand when he called me from the rank to take the gentleman in: I then drove Mr. Roberts to his house - we had some difficulty in finding it, but we found it by the card which the prisoner has been speaking of. I was paid by a person in the house, and was going home - when I had got about twenty yards, the prisoner called to me, that he had left his umbrella in the coach. He came up, opened the door, and got in, and was shuffling the cushions about; I got off, and told him an umbrella was easily found, to take it, and go along, which he did, and I went on for about half a mile, when he came after me again, and wanted to get in again, as he said he was going my way; I said he should not get in, but he might get upon the box, which he did. When we had got some distance he wanted me to let him get in again, for some other things; I said there were no other things - he said Yes, there was a silk handkerchief, with some pastry in it; I said I saw none, and there were none in the coach. I kept him in conversation until I found a watchman, and then gave charge of him; he was taken to the watch-house, and there said the umbrella was his own, and he said so again at the office; I told him to open the door and take the umbrella out, but I did not authorise him to get into the coach, nor was any thing said about it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KIMBERLEY
               



            . I am an officer of St. George, Hanover-square. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house by a watchman and a coachman, about one o'clock in the morning; he had this umbrella in his hand - I searched the coach, and found the snuff-box and pocket-book in one corner, under the seat. The watchman gave me the spectacles, and said they had been taken from off the seat.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along Holborn, and when I came within four or five feet of Mr. Roberts I kicked against the umbrella; I took it up, and considered it as my own; there were four or five persons round Mr. Roberts, laughing at him; I said, "You had better call a coach;" the waterman said, "No one will take him unless some one goes with him;" I said it was a pity he should be out all night, and I would take him to his residence. Before that he had handed me his snuff-box. The waterman asked me for something, and I gave him a halfpenny; Mr. Roberts said he lived in St. Martin's-lane, Long-acre - we went there, but no such person was known. I said "Where do you live?" he said, No. 9, Wood-street, Cheapside - no such person was known there. He said, "It is all right - drive about all night;" he afterwards said, "Go to No. 8, Covent-garden-market;" the coachman said, "I will go there, and if that is not right I will put him into the watch-house;" in going along I asked him if he had got a card in his possession - he said Yes, pulled out a pocket-book, and it was No. 2, Newport-street; the coachman said he would go there: we found that was his residence, and there we left the gentleman. Now, do you suppose that if I knew there were such articles, that I should not have embraced the first opportunity of taking them? I certainly did call after the coach, and demanded the umbrella, which I considered as my own; I then went on a second time, and said to him, "If I had known you had been going my way, I might as well have rode as walked;" he said, "It is not too late now, get up." I then said, "I have left a silk handkerchief in the coach, which is of value to me - it cost my wife 3s. 6d.;" he replied, "I have a great notion you have been taking improper opportunities with that gentleman," and he gave charge of me."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
