





1772. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HURLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, 87lbs. weight of soap, value 2l. 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George Godfrey 
                           Holdsworth
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  GODFREY HOLDSWORTH
               



            . The prisoner was in my service, as errand-boy
; he had lived with me five or six months the last time, but he had been with me two years before. On the 17th of July my wife sent him with a cake of yellow soap to Mrs. Marshall; I was at home when he returned, and said Mrs. Marshall liked the soap, and would have 56lbs. of it on the Tuesday following.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. He had been a long time with you? A. Yes; I have a female servant - my wife frequently received money of the prisoner, and he has taken out goods in my absence; he has gone out with me to receive monies - we were on familiar terms; I have drank with him when we have been out for four or five hours - I did not miss any soap.


                  ANN 
                  HOLDSWORTH
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. On the 17th of July I sent a sample of yellow soap and mottled, to Mrs. Marshall, by the prisoner; he brought word that it was approved of, and she would have half a hundred weight of it on Tuesday - he did not pay me for any soap delivered to her.
Cross-examined. Q. Has he not, on other occasions, brought you money? A. Yes; I was not aware of any goods being sent out that day to any customers; there might be, but it was by my husband's orders - I had not given the prisoner general orders to take out goods; we have a book, in which we keep entries of the sales, but Mrs. Marshall never had credit in her life - I do not enter money received; I have often received money of the prisoner, but have accounted to my husband for it - I have not received money of the prisoner several days after, for ready money transactions - he was taken on the Saturday.


                  ESTHER 
                  MARSHALL
               



            . I keep a chandler's-shop. I received half a hundred weight of soap by the prisoner, on the 17th of July, for which I paid him, and said I would have another half hundred weight the following week, but I did not name any day; this is the bill and receipt.
Cross-examined. Q. Whose writing is this? A. The bottom part is the prisoner's; I have received bills before, but I do not know who wrote them; I have not particularly examined how the month was put - I know this delivery was on the 17th of July, and I remarked at the time that I could scarcely tell whether the month on the bill was June or July; I have dealt with Mr. Holdsworth for some time - I did receive the second half hundred weight of soap, but not from the prisoner.


                  ANN 
                  HOLDSWORTH
               



             re-examined. On the 17th of July the prisoner took a sample of soap to Mrs. Marshall's, and brought word back that she would have half a hundred weight on the Tuesday, but on the Saturday he was taken on another charge, and on the Thursday my husband called and asked when Mrs. Marshall would have the half hundred weight of soap, as he had not had an opportunity of sending it before, and she said, "I had one half hundred weight and paid for it - has not your lad given you the money?"
Cross-examined. Q. Whose hand-writing is this bill? A. The prisoner's; he made out bills of parcels sometimes - I have entrusted him to do it, but I have looked over him - he has received monies when I have receipted a bill and sent it out.
Prisoner's Defence. I received the order from Mrs. Marshall, and took the soap from my master's shop by my mistress' knowledge, and brought back the money - my mistress was very busy at tea with her sister.


                  ANN 
                  HOLDSWORTH
               



            . My husband was on the Jury here, and we had tea at four o'clock - he left home at near five; the prisoner did not leave my house.
JURY. Q. If you had sent the prisoner with the orderyou would have asked him for the amount on his return? A. Yes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
