





1457. 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of June
, 3 pairs of trousers, value 12s.; 3 shifts, value 6s.; 3 bed-gowns, value 1s. 6d.; 1 gown, value 2s.; 3 towels, value 2s.; 2 petticoats, value 9d.; 3 aprons, value 9d., and 1 piece of calico, value 2d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Ely
               




            .


                  EMMA 
                  ELY
               



            . I am nine years old. (The witness appeared perfectly to understand the obligation of an oath.) About a month ago I had these things in a bundle; I was bringing them from the mangle, in Little Mary-le-bone-street, and taking them to my mother's, in North-row, Mary-le-bone; the prisoner came up to me in Duke-street, and asked if I would go on an errand for her; I knew her before; I said, Yes; she took me into another street, and asked if the things were not very heavy; I said Yes; she asked if she should carry them; I said Yes; she then unpinned the bundle, put her foot on a step, and asked if I had a pin - I had none; she then took out a paper bag, took a pin out of it, pinned it up, and said, "Come along with me;" she took me into Hanover-square, and then into Hanover-street


; she then put her foot on the step of a door, and told me to go to Mr. Jameson's, and get three shirts - she said it was the second turning; I went there, but could not find him; I then went back to the place, and she was gone; she said Mr. Jameson would give me 6d.; I was to take the shirts to my mother, and should have 4d. of it myself; I am certain of her.


                  GEORGE 
                  LEICESTER
               



            . I am Ely's brother-in-law. I went out, from her description, and found the prisoner in Newport-market; she said, "That is the woman;" the prisoner turned round, and said, "Did you speak to me;" I said Yes; and told her what my sister had said; she denied having seen her; I asked if she would go back with me; she said Yes; and when we had got a little way, she wanted to return to her friends; I saw in her hand a paper bag; I then told her it was of no use to deny it, as my sister had described her as having such a bag as that; she again wanted to go to her mother's in Covent-garden; I went part of the way, and then gave her into custody; I asked her again about the things - she said she was so agitated she could not tell if she had taken them, but she had not.


                  RUTH 
                  SHANKS
               



            . I keep a mangle. I left the articles stated in the indictment, in a bundle, with my son, to deliver to Ely - her mother is my sister.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHANKS
               



            . I delivered Ely the bundle which my mother left with me.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ELY
               



            . I had sent these things to Shanks' to be mangled, and next day sent Emma for them; my husband's name is Charles; I found one gown hanging up for sale in Crown-street.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I took the prisoner, and found 5s. or 6s. on her; and this paper bag, with some pins in it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
