





2024. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of October
, 1 shirt, value 5s.; 1 pewter pot, value 1s.; 1 apron, value 6d.; 2 stockings, value 9d., and 1 table-cloth, value 18d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles Henry 
                           Clifford
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 pewter pot, value 8d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Nicholls
               



            .


                  ANN 
                  POOL
               



            . I am a servant to Charles Henry Clifford- he keeps the Coach and Horses at Shadwell
. I took this pewter pot, with some beer in it, to the kitchen for the char-woman, on the 26th of October; the prisoner was gone backwards at the time, but she had been about the house all the morning - in about an hour and a half I went into the kitchen again, and the char-woman asked me if I had seen the pot; I said No - she gave it me afterwards, and I knew it again.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MELVIN
               



            . I was at the house at work. Pool brought the beer for my dinner - I put it on the copper; the prisoner was in the kitchen at the time - I left the kitchen for a short time, and when I returned the pot and the beer were gone; I asked her where it was - she said she knew nothing of it; she soon afterwards went away in my absence - I went after her, and found her in the street; I saw she had something in her pocket - I said, "What have you here?" she said Nothing - I said,"You have;" she then put her hand into her pocket, gave out this pot, and begged I would not tell my master.


                  GEORGE 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am a street-keeper. I received this quart pot from the witness - I went and took the prisoner in bed that night, and found these other articles.
Prisoner. I did the deed, and am very sorry for it -I cannot answer for myself; I leave it to you to do what you think proper with me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
