





10. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MOULDS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of October
, 2 reams of paper, value 2l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Bullock
               




            .
JAMES BULLOCK. I am a printer
, and live in Lombard-street, Fleet-street. On the 1st of October, hearing that the prisoner was in custody, I examined my stock, and missed several reams of paper - I saw two reams at Guildhall next day, and knew them to be mine - they have a mark on the wrapper - I never disposed of it - the prisoner is quite a stranger.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am a constable. On the 31st of October, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was coming from Temple-bar, and just at the corner of Fetter-lane I saw the prisoner with this paper on his shoulder; I looked him in the face - he turned round and went back down Fleet-street - I followed - he turned up Red-lion-court - he stopped at the top of the court, and put the paper down, as if he was going to do something necessary - I said"Halloo, what have you got there?" he said paper; I said"Where are you going with it?" he said to Holborn, and I think he said to Cross-street; I asked if he had a bill of parcels - he said No; I asked where he brought it from - he said from Mr. Davison's, in Lombard-street - Mr. Davison is a printer, living opposite to Mr. Bullock. I said I must trouble him to go to Mr. Davison's - he said "Very well, come along;" I asked if he lived there - he said No, that the porter, named Thomas James, asked him to carry it for him; I said I thought it very curious, and asked how long he had known him; he said from a child; We went to Davison's, and the prisoner said to the witness,"Did not you send this paper out about ten minutes ago?" he said "Certainly not; I sent none out;" I asked if he knew the mark on it - he said he thought it was Mr. Bullock's mark. Mr. Bullock's men identified it, and I locked him up. Mr. Bullock claimed it next morning.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did he not say the porter who lived at Mr. Davison's gave it him to carry? A. Yes; Thomas James was called down. I said, "Is this the Thomas James, who gave you the paper?" - He said - No.


                  ROBERT 
                  SPENCE
               



            . I am in Mr. Davison's service - he lives nearly opposite to Mr. Bullock's. I had seen the prisoner standing near Mr. Bullock's door without any paper, and in a quarter of an hour Herdsfield brought him in - he said a person named Thomas James had given him the paper - there is only one James in our service, and he is the apprentice, he was called down; the prisoner said, that was not the Thomas James he meant - no other person of that name had been on our premises. I told him he had been standing over the way - he said he had.
Cross-examined. Q. He said a man who called himself Thomas James had given it to him? A. Yes; a person had been to our door, and asked if we wanted a compositor.
MR. BULLOCK. I have no Thomas James in my service.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was there not a considerable quantity of this paper in your warehouse? A. No; there was about five reams - I have had more; I never sold it, but always printed on it - it has my own handwriting on it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILCOXON
               



            . I am warehouseman to Mr. Davison, and was in the warehouse when the prisoner was brought in - it was not Mr. Davison's paper - it was worth 25s. a ream.


                  THOMAS 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Davison, the prisoner was quite a stranger to me, until he was brought in by Herdsfield. I never gave him any paper.
Cross-examined. Q. Was not your father, Thomas James in the prosecutor's service? A. Yes; he has been dead this twelvemonth. The prisoner said I was not the person he meant.
Prisoner's Defence. I met a person named Thomas James in Fleet-street; I had been to school with him - he took me to the Horse Shoe and Star, public-house, in Fleet-street, and gave me some beer. I went to the corner of Lombard-street with him - he told me to wait there while he went down to Mr. Davison's office. I saw him go into the office - and as he was a long time, I walked down the street, on Mr. Bullock's side - and as I returned he overtook me with the paper in Fleet-street, and asked me to carry it a little way - and in two minutes the officer stopped me, and on turning round he was gone. I told him Davison's was where I saw him go to.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
