





433. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITE
                  



               
             was indicted for a 


               fraud
            .
MESSR. ALLEY and ADOLPHUS, conducted the prosecution.


                  JOSHUA 
                  ALDRON
               



            . I am clerk to James and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Turner
               



            , flannel and baise manufacturers, of Lancashire. They have a warehouse in Love-lane, Aldermanbury; the prisoner called in the early part of July - I had never seen him before. He said, he understood we were manufacturers of flannels, blankets, and woollen goods, and if we could do those articles well for him, he should become a very good customer; he gave me his card, and said he was Colonial purveyor - this card is like the one he gave. (reads)
"J. White, Colonial purveyor, 28, Bow-lane, Cheapside." He said he had obtained the appointment through the interest of the Duke of York, the person who last held the appointment having died, and saved something considerable - he then took from his pocket some papers, among which was a printed letter folded up; he opened it to show me the manner in which his orders came; it was dated Chatham, and signed
"Harris," and addressed to J. White; it was similar to this.
(looking at one.)
This letter was here read, and purported to be a circular, dated from the King's yard, Chatham, and ordering a quantity of articles to be delivered at His Majestys Stores, Chatham, marked Colonial Service.


                  JOSHUA 
                  ALDRON
               



            . This was filled up with the quantity of things wanted, it appeared to be an authentic Government order. I observed to him that goods for government orders were generally contracted for - he said this was quite a different thing altogether; that these orders came from the Colonies to his Majesty's depot, Chatham, in too small quantities of each article, to make it worth while for government to contract for them - that they were put together, and sent up to London for him to furnish. He then shewed me an invoice of linen goods, bought of Townsend and Brown, Cheapside; I do not exactly recollect the amount; he said, if he bought any of our goods, he should refer us to them. He then said he had retired from business some years, was unacquainted with woollen goods, and would send a person to look at them; that he had taken the warehouse in Bow-lane, for the purpose of receiving and packing the goods for Chatham - he left, and in a day or two, a person called and looked at the goods, on account of White - he did not select any, but a written order came afterward, signed 
               
                  John 
                  White
               



            ; in consequence of which, I went to Messrs. Townsend's, and afterwards saw White. I told him of the person who had called, and that I had been to Townsend's, and told them I was referred to them by White, who had ordered goods to the amount of 150 l. or 160 l., and that Mr. Brown said White had been introduced to them by a person, who had before furnished them with a valuable customer, who had told them of his appointment, and they had sent him 300 l. or 400 l. worth of goods, supposing all was right, but that they knew nothing about his property, but relied on the representation they had.
Q. When you saw White, what passed - A. He came to see if I was satisfied with his reference. I said I had been to Townsend's, and told him what passed, but that they could give me no information of his property; he said,
"As to property, it is of no kind of consequence; these goods are sent down to his Majesty's depot, at Chatham. I send my accounts down to Chatham every quarter, they are there examined, and passed in two or three days, and then I receive a bill on Government, which will enable me to pay you, and all my engagements." I considered this a very safe account - I sent him in goods to the amount of 151 l., to Bow-lane, entirely on the representation he made, I sent twenty-two pieces of flannel, eighty pair of blankets, and eighty rugs; they were all the property of Messrs. Turners.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Had you seen Birch, who looked at the goods before you saw White. - A. No. Townsend and Co. are persons of great respectability; their recommendation had weight certainly.

Q. Did it not have such weight as to induce you to trust him. - A. That depends on circumstances. I do not say it would, as they stated he was not a man of property. I should not think him worth credit unless he held the appointment under government. I would not have let him have them, unless I understood from him that he held the appointment - it might have influence, added to his representation - his producing the circular had weight I recommended him to another house for hosiery goods.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you believe he held the appointment in consequence of what they said. - A. Of course. I suppose they believed he held the appointment. I would not have trusted him from what they said, if it was not in consequence of his having the appointment.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say it was a maxim with you to trust no person, unless you know where they dealt - A. I do not recollect - it might pass.
MR. ALLEY. Q. After the prisoner had the goods, did you see him. - A. Yes; he acknowledged receiving them, and said the inspectors had found fault with the blankets, and he had been obliged to make some little allowance on them, but in future it would not take place; for he had been to Chatham, and given them a dinner, which cost him 10 l., and they were good friends.
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am chief clerk in the Colonial department, secretary of state's office. The prisoner had no appointment in the Colonial department. If he had an appointment as Colonial-purveyor by the secretary of state, I must have known it. Goods sent to the Colonies are supplied by the Commissariat department. Government appoint no Colonial purveyor.
Cross-examined. Q. Purveyor is merely a dealer. - A. Precisely so. I know no Harris at Chatham. There are no such persons as Colonial purveyors; there are Colonial agents. I know nothing of Government giving bills to Colonial purveyors.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a clerk in the treasury, and agent for Commissariat supplies. I provide great quantities of these sort of articles. I do not furnish them as a tradesman. I have a salary for my services. Every article relating to the Commissariat department are furnished by me. I never heard of a Colonial purveyor. I know of no depot at Chatham for the receipt of goods for His Majesty's Colonial supplies. I do not know the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. What are you. - A. Principal clerk in the Commissariat department, and agent for Commissariat supplies. There is no other in the Commissariat department. There are persons who supply other articles to the navy and ordnance.
CAPTAIN 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  BENTLEY
               



            . I have come from the depot of Chatham. I am staff captain. I never saw the prisoner before this evening. He never supplied goods there. There is no such station, nor such things furnished there, except through the Commissariat department.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been connected with the government twenty years, even under Brook Watson. I have at this moment four contracts. I have a great deal of business at the Horse Guards, and can at all times have a recommendation from his Royal Highness. I am hardly, injuriously, and wickedly dealt by. I gave Townsend and Brown security for what I had of them. I am a Colonial purveyor. Mr. Harris is the only one I had any thing to do with; he is not here.
MR. ALDRED. The goods have never been returned.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
