





705. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH WILSON



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, a bag, value 1 d.; three sovereigns; a crown piece; four half crowns; nine shillings, and two sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Levett
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  LEVETT
               



            . I live in North-green, Finsbury, and am a labourer
. On the 11th of April, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I received five sovereigns and eleven shillings at Chelsea Hospital. I spent some of it in drink, and was rather fresh. I was going home, and lost it between seven and eight o'clock in the evening. I do not remember meeting any woman - I was going to look for a woman, whom I had promised to go home with, but could not find her. I either fell down or was knocked down, and the officer picked me up. I cannot say whether I had been in company with any woman or not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SANDERSON
               



            . I am a tailor, and live at Pimlico.I was passing Buckingham-gate, about five o'clock in the afternoon, and saw the prosecutor coming out of a public-house, very drunk, and coming down the steps he fell, and cut his head very much - the prisoner followed him out of the house, and endeavoured to raise him up. I asked if she knew any thing of him; she said, No, and seeing him in that state I proposed to search his pockets to see if we could find where he belonged to, which I did, and his pockets were empty. A person who came out of the public-house, said they had seen him with sovereigns; I then suspected the prisoner must have robbed him, searched her, and found a bag concealed under her arm, containing three sovereigns, a crown, and four half crown pieces. I delivered it to the landlord, gave her in charge, and sent the prosecutor to the Infirmary. The bag and money was delivered to me.


                  JOHN 
                  LEVETT
               



            . The bag is mine - I have had it twelve months.
Prisoner's Defence. He laid in the street drunk, put his hand into his pocket, and asked me to take care of it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SANDERSON
               



            . That could not have happened without my observing it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
