







79. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     TUBBS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JUDSON
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November

, 10 lbs. of lead, value 5 s.; and one brass cock and boss, value 5 s.; the goods of Lady


                           Charlotte 
                           Denys
                        



                     
                  , and fixed to a fence belonging to a dwelling-house of hers
            ; and 
               
                  
                     CORNELIUS 
                     REYNOLDS
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen
            .
TWO OTHER COUNTS, stating them to belong to 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Humphreys
                  



               
            .
MR. BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  EDWARD 
                  HUMPHEYS
               



            . I live in the New Road, Chelsea



, the house, No. 1, Chapel Court, belongs to Lady 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Denys
               



             - this lead pipe was fixed by two lead straps, to the pales in the yard, to serve the water-butt, there was a brass cock to it. On the 17th of November, at nine o'clock, I found it wrenched off, and in consequence of information, I took Tubbs, Judson, and Ball, in custody, and from what Ball told me I took Tubbs to Reynolds's, and asked him, in Reynold's presence, if he had sold a lead pipe, brass cock, and boss there, both him and Reynolds denied it. I went again at five o'clock, with Ball, who said to Reynolds "I and two others sold you the lead which was melted down in an iron pot, and it weighed 10 lbs., and you gave us 1 s. for it, and 5 d. for the cock and boss;" he said he could not deny it, if he had bought it of them, it was gone, for a cart came every other day and took away all his goods; there was six feet of pipe stolen, worth two pence halfpenny a pound, as old lead - the cock was sound and cost 7 s. five years ago.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. What are you - A. A carpenter. I know the value of lead, I have exchanged it for new, reckoning it at twopence half-penny a pound. Reynolds said he dare say he did buy it, I asked if he bought the cock and boss with the pipe, his wife said they did buy it in that way, not joined together.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BALL
               



            . I live in Chapel-row, New-road, the prisoners live at Chelsea. On the 12th of November, about six o'clock at night, I was with them, we got over the paling of No. 1, Chapel-street, Tubbs proposed it; we broke off the lead pipe with the cock at the end, took it to Tubbs's house, and melted it in an iron pot; his father is a carpenter. We then took it to Reynolds, which is a quarter of a mile off; Tubbs carried it on his shoulder in a basket, he took it in, and said "Mr. Reynolds, will you buy this lead," Reynolds weighed it, and said it was 10 lbs., and gave us 1 s. for it. He then weighed the cock, and gave us 5 d. for that; we came away and divided the money. I was taken up, and told if I spoke the truth, I should be saved.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you all go into the shop - A. No, only Tubbs and I went in, Reynolds was in the shop when we first went in - I am fourteen years old, and was never in trouble before.


                  RICHARD 
                  MAYBANK
               



            . I am a constable. I took them in charge and went to Reynold's with Tubbs, he denied buying it. I then took Ball, who said to him "You bought 10 lbs. of lead of Tubbs and me, and gave us 1 s. for it, and 5 d. for the cock," he then said, if he had bought it, it was gone.
Cross-examined. Q. He neither denied or admitted it - A. No; he denied it in the morning, positively.


                  ANN 
                  BRAYBROOK
               



            . I saw the prisoners and Ball getting over the rails of No. 1, Chapel-court, about six o'clock on Saturday evening - I do not know what they did.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MANNING
               



            . I am agent to Lady 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Denys
               



            . Old lead melted down, is worth two-pence halfpenny a pound.
Cross-examined. Q. You mean from the manufacturer - A. Yes; I do not know what old-iron shops give - the house is unoccupied.
REYNOLD'S Defence. Maybank has sworn false.
TUBBS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JUDSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Confined Three Months
             and 



               Whipped
            .
REYNOLDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 49.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin Esq.
