






866. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PHILLIPS
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HALL
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of May
, a handkerchief, value 7 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Hodgson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. HENRY HODGSON. I live at Wanstead, in Essex. On the 10th of May, about seven o'clock, I was in Fleet-street


 - I found somebody pressing me behind, and on turning round I saw the prisoner Hall close behind me; he asked me why I ran against him - I had not done so: I missed my handkerchief from my coat pocket, seized him, and gave him to Curtis - but before that Phillips came up, and said that Hall was not the person who took my handkerchief. While Curtis was searching Hall in a shop, a person came in, and said something - Curtis then went out and brought Phillips in, who was searched, and the handkerchief found in his hand.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. He had it openly in his hand? A. Yes. He said he had taken it from a boy in the street who had taken it. I had not seen him till he came up.
COURT. Q. When he came and said that was not the person, did he then shew you the handkerchief? A. No, my Lord; it happened about six yards on this side of Temple-bar: we were on the City side when Phillips came up.


                  ROBERT 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I am an officer. I saw Mr. Hodgson on the other side of Temple-bar, with Hall in custody - I took him into a shop to search him, and in consequence of what I heard I went out to Bell-yard, and saw Phillips surrounded by people, with the handkerchief in his hand - I immediately took him; he said, "I have picked this up, and anybody may have it," and that it was dropped by some boy.
Cross-examined. Q. He was in the open street? A. In the yard. I did not hear him state to Mr. Hodgson that he took it from a boy - he might have said so. I was busy searching them.
PHILLIPS'S Defence. The gentleman said he saw the officer take it out of my hand - he was in the shop, and I was through Temple-bar.
PHILLIPS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
HALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
