





884. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ADAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of May
, a great coat, value 40 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George Marmaduke 
                     Harrison
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  MARMADUKE HARRISON
               



            . I live in Russell-street, Covent-garden. On the 24th of May, at half past nine o'clock at night, I got off my chaise, in Lime-street


, and was absent about twenty-five minutes, leaving a boy in charge of it; my coat was on the back. I heard an alarm, and came out, and it was brought into the house.



                  GEORGE 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



            . I was holding the horse, while Mr. Harrison went into master's house, and as I stood at the horse's head, I saw the coat drawn from behind. I immediately went behind, and saw the prisoner with it on his arm; I laid hold of it, and called out, he let go and ran off. I caught him three or four doors off, without losing sight of him.


                  JAMES 
                  WILSON
               



            . I was in Lime-street, minding a horse which the prosecutor's friend had, and saw the prisoner with the coat, and saw him secured.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HORMSEY
               



            . I am a carman. I was in Lime-street, and saw the prisoner with the coat, and the boy following him. I took him; another man came up and struck me over the eye, and tried to rescue him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOCESTER
               



            . I took charge of them both, the other was committed for an assault.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The coat laid down and I picked it up.



               GUILTY
            , Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
