





1687. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     KING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of September
, 1 shawl, value 5s.; 3 frocks, value 3s.; 4 caps, value 6s.; 2 night-gowns, value 2s.; 3 petticoats, value 1s. 6d.; 1 shift, value 6d.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s., and 2 yards of ribbon, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Rebecca 
                     Hardwick
                  




               
            .


                  REBECCA 
                  HARDWICK
               



            . I have been in service - I had been but a short time in London; the prisoner lodged with me in a room in Crown-court, Soho


 - she had been with me a fortnight; I had been out of place, and had all this property in my trunk in the room; I was awoke on the morning of the 2nd of September when the prisoner got up - she was a 
servant


 out of place; when I got up I missed these articles from my box - it had not been broken; it was locked, but it must have been opened by a false key - I went down to the landlady, she came up and charged the prisoner with it, and sent for a constable - he took her; and when she got to the office she confessed she had taken them and pawned them; I never allowed her to pawn my things.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LINDLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody at the office; she said she had taken the articles and pawned them - that the duplicates were in a cupboard, and I found them there.


                  THOMAS 
                  DONDERS PERRY
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Aldous, a pawnbroker, in Berwick-street. I have a shawl and a bed-gown, pawned by the prisoner on the 31st of August.


                  HENRY 
                  WILLIAM PARS
               



            . I live with Mr. Fleming, a pawnbroker. I have some caps and other things pawned by a female who I do not know.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in distress, having been out of place three weeks, and rather than go on the town I did do it; I have been a servant four years in London, and never had any thing laid to my charge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
