





1257. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of August
, a reticule, value 1 s.; a handkerchief, value 1 s.; a silver pencil case, value 1 s.; a pair of scissars, value 6 d.; a pen-knife, value 6 d.; a memorandum case, value 1 s.; two penny pieces, and six halfpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William Augustus 
                           Bartelot
                        



                     
                  , from the person of Jemima, his wife
            .


                     JEMIMA 
                     BARTELOT
                  



               
            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Augustus Bartelot
               



            , who is a perfumer
. On the 13th of August, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I was in the shop of Mr. Dowling, a haberdasher, in Newgate-street


; I sat by the counter - my reticule containing the articles stated in the indictment laid on the counter; my hand was upon it. The prisoner came in for a ball of cotton, and stood close at my left hand; he was served. I kept my hand on my reticule - he snatched it up, and ran out with it; I pursued him immediately, and did not lose sight of him till he was secured, and am quite sure of him. I saw him throw the reticule into an area - the servant of the house gave it me up. He ran down to the bottom of Bagnio-court.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long is that court, two hundred yards - A. It may be; it was not dark - I was not much alarmed. The ball of cotton which he had bought was found upon him; a little boy came into the shop for some tape, but I think it was not while the prisoner was there. I saw him in the shop some time, for he changed the cotton. A gentleman stopped him.
COURT. Q. The person came into the shop close to you, and ran out with the bag - A. Yes. I became alarmed, but not till after he was brought back.


                  MARY 
                  ANN GLOVER
               



            . I was serving in Mr. Dowling's shop - Mrs. Bartelot was sitting there, with her reticule on the counter. The prisoner came in and asked for a ball of cotton - I served him, and saw him snatch the bag and run down Bagnio-court; Mrs. Bartelot pursued him instantly, and I ran out, but recollecting that nobody was in the shop I returned - he was taken immediately; I knew him to be the man.
Cross-examined. Q. Was there not another boy in the shop - A. Part of the time; he was a much shorter boy. The prisoner was there full five minutes. I left Mrs. Bartelot to serve him.


                  JOHN 
                  TWEEDY
               



            . I am an officer. I took him in charge, and found a ball of cotton on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
