





636. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HAWKES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 7s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Davis
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS DAVIS. On the 24th of February, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was in Cow-lane


, and had a handkerchief in my coat pocket; I felt something at my pocket, turned round, and saw a person behind, and another behind him; the flap of my coat was turned round at the same time; I secured the person next to me, who was the prisoner. I have not found my handkerchief - his hand was in my pocket when I secured him; the other man was within reach of his arm: he ran off; I had used my handkerchief a minute before; he denied the charge.
Cross-examined by Mr. LAW. Q. Was you alone? A. I was with a friend; I gave the prisoner to a watchman, and desired he should be searched; I did not say I would let him go, if it was not found on him; my friend said so; it was about eight o'clock at night. He offered to compensate me for my loss if I would let him go.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say you saw me pass something to the person who was by my side? A. I did see you pass something to the person behind; I was so confused I could not take the other.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I live in Thornaugh-street, and am a linen-draper. I was with Mr. Davis - the first thing I saw was Mr. Davis laying hold of the prisoner; he accused him of stealing his handkerchief, which he denied; he was given in charge.


                  THOMAS 
                  STALIAN
               



            . I am a patrol. I was sent for to the public-house, and took the prisoner; I found nothing on him. He said, "I hope you will not take me up, it will be such a disgrace - I will make you any recompense."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
