





1020. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of August
, one watch, value 3 l.; one ribbon, value 2 d., and one key, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Stone
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  STONE
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live in Skinner-street. On the 22d of August, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was in King's-street, St. James-square


 - I stood clear of the mob. About ten young men rushed from the crowd, and snatched my watch from my fob; I believe the prisoner to be one of them. I saw it in about ten days, at Bow-street, through an advertizement.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLONEY
               



            . I am a wine-cooper. I was sitting at home at tea, in Great Windmill-street, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, on the 2d of September, I took the prisoner on the charge of Mr. Sawyer. He produced a watch at the watch-house, and offered it to Mr. Sawyer, in place of his own. The prosecutor claimed it.


                  HENRY 
                  MONTAGUE
               



            . I am a footman. On the 2d of September, I assisted in taking the prisoner in St. James-square; on a charge of felony, and saw the watch found upon him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a patrol. I took charge of the prisoner at the watch-house. He produced the watch.
(Property produced, and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A person who is gone to sea, pledged it in my name, and I redeemed it; the officer has a memorandum of it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



             re-examined. No papers relating to it was found upon him. I took him to the pawnbroker's where he said he redeemed it. They indentified him as the man, who pledged and redeemed it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Life
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
