








SEVENTH DAY, THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 24.
431. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     BURN
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     BURN
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     HAY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     BRYAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of January
, from the person of 
                     
                        John 
                        Hills
                     




                  , 10 s. in monies numbered, one 10 l., and eighteen 1 l. Bank notes, his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HILLS
               



            . I am a mariner
 from South Shields. On the 22d of January I went to lodge at Burn's house, between twelve and one o'clock at night - he keeps a lodging-house for sailors; I had a 10 l. note, and nineteen 1 l. notes in my pocket. I had received them that day; I sat down to drink with the four prisoners on the first floor - I knew them all before; I was not sober, but sensible. I went to bed in the upper room alone, and put my pantaloons, with the money in the pockets, under the pillow. awoke about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, found my pantaloons on the bed, and my notes gone. I went down stairs, and the three women were sitting by the fire. I asked Burn where her father was? she said he was gone out. I said I had lost 29 l. and some silver - no answer was made. On Monday I saw three of the 1 l. notes in the possession of Seward.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You was in liquor when you got there - A. I was. Burn offered me a key to lock my door, but I did not lock it, because his daughter said she would lock it - I did not even shut it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KIRBY
               



            . I am clerk to Nicholson and Co. who are bankers in Abchurch-lane. I paid the prosecutor nineteen 1 l. notes, a 10 l., and a 5 l. note on the 22d of January - the name of Ires was on one of them, in the handwriting of one of our clerks. I saw three of the notes before the Magistrate a day or two after.
Cross-examined. Q. Is that name generally on your notes - A. Yes, but it is dated, and these notes came in just as the check was presented, which was late in the afternoon.


                  JOHN 
                  SEWARD
               



            . I live in Back-lane, New-road. On the 24th of January, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, the three female prisoners came to my shop; one laid out 1 l. 9 s. 3 d., and the other 2 s. 5 d. Burn paid me two 1 l. notes, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Jones
               



            , 29, Old Gravel-lane. Hay gave me a 1 l. note, and gave her name as 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Johnson
               



            , No. 5, Pell-street. About five minutes after the officer came, and I showed him the notes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KIRBY
               



             re-examined. They are three of the notes paid away that day.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am constable of Shadwell. On Sunday morning Hills informed me that he had been robbed at Burn's house, in Elbow-lane, Shadwell


. I went and found the three women there; they said they knew nothing about it, but their father was gone away that morning. I took him on Tuesday, the 25th, at his own house; he came home in a coach, very much in liquor. I found nothing on him.
JOHN BROWN. I took the women into custody, as they came out of the linen-draper's shop. I told them that I wanted them for robbing Captain
 Hills - they made no answer. I found 26 s. and a pair of stockings on Hay; she said old Burn took the notes, and gave them to them to circulate.
M. BURN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
H. HAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
J. BURN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
C. BRYAN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
