





343. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of January
, six coats, value 3 l.; two pair of overalls, value 5 s.; two whittles, value 12 s.; four pelisses, value 3 l. 13 s.; seventeen gowns, value 5 l.; one skirt, value 10 s.; one teakettle, value 5 s.; one set of fire irons, value 3 s.; one brush, value 1 s.; one pair of bellows, value 2 s.; one feather bed, value 35 s.; four pillows, value 10 s.; seven blankets value 1 l.; six sheets, value 2 l. 16 s.; one coverlid,value 3 s.; one bedstead, value 16 s.; one fender, value 4 s.; two trunks, value 10 s.; one child's mantle, value 16 s.; one child's robe, value 15 s.; fifteen frocks, value 3 l. 12 s.; eight petticoats, value 16 s.; eight towels, value 6 s.; twenty-nine napkins, value 1 l.; fifteen shirts, value 16 s.; five pillow cases, value 14 s.; two pair of stockings, value 10 s.; two pinafores, value 2 s.; one toothpick case, value 6 d.; one necklace, value 10 s.; one pair of breeches, value 1 l.; one pencil case, value 3 s.; three books, value 7 s.; one muslin dress, value 1 l.; four yards of flannel, value 8 s.; one looking glass, value 14 s.; one table cloth, value 5 s.; one pair of boots, value 1 l.; three caps, value 15 s.; two frills, value 7 s.; four handkerchiefs, value 8 s.; one veil, value 3 s., and one box, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George Edmund 
                     Stolworthy
                  




               
            .


                  HARRIET 
                  STOLWORTHY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Edmund Stolworthy
               



            . We formerly lived in a cottage on Portman-green, Edgware-road


; we afterwards left there to live in apartments, in Park-street, near the Regent's Park. The prisoner was our servant
 at both places; we had not moved our furniture from Portman-green - she had the key of the house. On the 26th of January, I desired her to fetch my little girl from Hampstead; I sent her out about two o'clock, and desired her to meet me at the Regency barracks at eight o'clock, but she did not come, nor did she come home that night. The next morning (Sunday), I suspected something, and got 
               
                  John 
                  Frost
               



             to go to the cottage, and afterwards went with him myself, about one o'clock in the afternoon, and found the door locked. I had it forced, and the articles stated in the indictment, were gone - the value of the whole property was more than 30 l. We had entirely left the house, and did not mean to return.


                  JOHN 
                  SIMMONDS
               



            . I am a labourer, and live in Portman-green. Stolworthy and his wife lived there, and the prisoner was their servant. On Saturday, the 26th of January, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, she came to me and said her mistress had sent me 1 s., to help her move a few goods into a van to take home - I said 1 s. was too little, she said she would give me 18 d., and I helped her move the things. I found the van about a quarter of a mile from the house, the road was so bad it could not get nearer - there was some boxes, trunks and things, she gave me 18 d. and went away with the van.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you know Stolworthy - A. The prisoner had before sent me on messages for them.


                  JOHN 
                  FROST
               



            . I went to Stolworthy's house on Sunday morning, about twelve o'clock, by her desire. When I got near the house, I saw the marks of a wheelbarrow; I did not go into the house, I went back and told Mr. Stolworthy.


                  JAMES 
                  RAMSAY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Liquorpond-street. The prisoner pawned a pelisse with me, on the 28th of January, about eight o'clock in the evening, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Wright
               



            , for 10 s.


                  EDWARD 
                  DYER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Dobree, pawnbroker, in Charlotte-street. I have known the prisoner some time; she pawned a looking glass, on Saturday evening, the 26th of January, in the name of Harris, for 7 s.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am shopman to Messrs. Betty and Armstrong, pawnbrokers, in Baldwin's-gardens. On the 29th of January, about ten o'clock in the morning, the prisoner pawned a sheet, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith
               



            , for 4 s.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I was in company with Frost, in Chiswell-street, on the 29th of January, about twelve at noon, and apprehended the prisoner. I found the duplicate of a pelisse and shirt on her - I asked her where her mistresses property was, she said she knew nothing about it. While Frost was gone into the pawnbroker's, she told me I should find the things in a front garret, at a cook's shop, where she lodged, in Liquorpond-street; she had a padlock key in her pocket which opened the door. I there found a number of things, but I did not know which they were, as she lodged there with another person. I had her brought, to point out the property, and she pointed out the bed, bolster, and several other things, which we brought away.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I have pawned things for them before, and pawned these by her order.
MRS. STOLWORTHY. She was never authorized to pawn them, she has pawned things for us; she lived six months with us, and was to have 6 l. a year, but had only received 10 s.
GUILTY. Aged 34.
Of 


               Stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Richardson.
