





637. 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  HARRISON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of January
, 2 pillows, value 2s.; 3 pillow-cases, value 3s.; 5 sheets, value 10s.; 14 towels, value 5s; 5 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; 5 night-caps, value 2s.; 1 shirt, value, 1s.; 1 rule, value 6d.; 1 pen-knife, value 6d.; 1 pair of scissors and 1 comb, value 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Smythson
               




            .



                  ELIZABETH 
                  SMYTHSON
               



            . I am the wife of Benjamin Smythson; he keeps a tavern
 in Catherine-street


. The prisoner lived with me, and left me about a month since - I missed many articles while she was with me, but they were attributed to other persons - we parted on the best of terms - I afterwards missed other things - I knew where she was gone, and I found the articles stated, which are my husband's, three weeks ago, yesterday, at her lodging in Little James's-street; I told her, circumstances had arisen which excited my suspicion, and if she had nothing of mine she could not object to let me see her boxes; she was much confused, and said she had not the key; I said I would send for an officer; she then opened a box, where I found a number of articles, and another trunk was full of my property - she wished me to take them, and said, she intended to return them on the morrow.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. How long have you kept this tavern? A. About three years; some single gentlemen lodge there - no other persons. We took it of Mr. Ireland; my husband is a theatrical agent, and our house is mostly frequented by theatrical persons; there was a pair of tongs and a shovel found which I said were mine - the prisoner said they were Mr. Ireland's; I said she might as well say so of all the other articles; she is married, and I have often seen her husband there - he has frequently stopped all night, and gone from the house before we were up; my husband's name is Benjamin Christian Smythson.


                  PATRICK 
                  MURRAY
               



            . I am a patrol. I went to take up the prisoner, and produce part of the property.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I produce part of the property.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMYTHSON
               



            . I went with my mother, and we got the prisoner to let us search her boxes; we found this property there.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them with my own money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
