





1269. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     RYAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of July
, two sets of harness, value 6 l.; a saddle, value 1 l., and a bridle, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Armstrong
                  




               
            .



                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I live at Islington


. I had two sets of harness in a coach-house, in a mews, a few houses from mine; I saw them about 9 o'clock on the night of the 26th of July - the coach-house was bolted and barred. I went down again at half-past ten o'clock, and found two sets of gig harness close by the coach-house door, they had been taken off a peg in the coach-house; the door was then open, but it appeared to have been entered by the stable window, from which some bars had been sawed. The harness was worth 7 l. or 8 l. I saw the watchman in the mews with the prisoner in his custody; he asked for his hat, which laid inside the coach-house door.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Were you the person who was first in the coach-house - A. No. My servant had put the articles there, but I had seen them.


                  ROBERT 
                  ATKINSON
               



            . I am a watchman. The mews is at the back of my beat. I saw a light in the prosecutor's coach-house about a quarter past ten o'clock: I had no suspicion, but went on towards it, till I came about twenty yards from the door; the light then disappeared, and as I went on, about half way further, two men rushed out at the coach-house door - I sang out, and then ran; the first man ran to the wall, and got over - the prisoner was getting over, and I took him; he said nothing: he had knocked his hat off in coming under the bar which fastens the doors - the harness was lying in the door way. Mr. Armstrong came up, and the prisoner asked him for his hat; Mr. Armstrong said,
"You are a pretty fellow;" but I believe he gave no answer. As we were going to the watch-house he put his hand into his pocket, and said he was going to get his handkerchief to wipe his face, and with the handkerchief he drew out some skeleton keys; and at the watch-house a phosphorus bottle was found on him.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I was constable of the night, and took this phosphorus bottle from the prisoner's pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
