





1042. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of July
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Garland
                        




                     
                  , four 1 l. Bank notes, his property
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  GARLAND
               



            . I am a journeyman tailor
, and live in Charles-street, Horsleydown. On the 25th of July, about two o'clock in the morning. I was at this end of Fleet-street


, returning from a benefit club of which I amsteward, held at the Red Lion, in Drury-lane. The prisoner accosted me by putting her hand round my waist, and wished me to go with her, I refused; she went away in a short time, abusing and swearing at me. I had my hand in my breeches-pocket just before she came up, I had four 1 l. notes there - as soon as she left I missed them. I had not lost sight of her. I came up with her about twenty yards off, took hold of her, and said she had robbed me of four 1 l. notes, and if she did not return them I would charge the watch with her - she denied it; I called the watch. Some man immediately came up and knocked me down - he was a perfect stranger to me. He said,
"D - n you, who are you giving in charge?" The watchman then came up; he ran away, and the prisoner was taken to the watch-house. She was searched, and almost stripped, but they could not find the notes. I said I was positive she had them. I saw her convey her hand to her mouth - I forced my finger into her mouth, and took them from under her tongue.


                  THOMAS 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am a watchman. I came up, hearing the cry; Garland was holding the prisoner, and charging her with robbing him of four 1 l. notes. I took her to the watch-house - he was just rising from the ground when I got up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MONDAY
               



            . I was constable of the night. I received the prisoner in charge, and saw the prosecutor take the notes from her mouth.
Prisoner's Defence. He used me very indecently, and gave me the notes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 46.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
