






382. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARRISON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MASCOE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of February
, four sheets, value 1 l.; six table-cloths, value 1 l,; twelve towels, value 12 s.; three aprons, value 3 s.; and four handkerchiefs, value 4 s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Hobson
                        



                     
                  , widow
; and one shawl, value 1 l.; one pair stays, value 4 s.; one gown, value 4 s.; and three shifts, value 12 s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Hobson
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Hobson
                     



                  , the elder
            .


                  MARY 
                  HORSON
               



            . I am daughter of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hobson
               



            , who is a widow; we live in Stafford's-row, Pimlico


. On the 2nd of February, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, the articles stated in the indictment were in a basket on the first floor; they are worth 2 l. 9 s.; they were stolen, and the basket left. I saw them safe at half-past four o'clock; they were taken at one time - the balcony had been painted that day.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You cannot say they were all taken at once. - A. No; I suppose the thieves entered by the balcony. I was down stairs in the kitchen - the first floor was unoccupied. The things were of no great value.


                  THOMAS 
                  HORATIO FITZGERALD
               



            . I am sixteen years old, and live in Isabella-row, about a quarter of a mile from Hobson's. About half-past seven o'clock, on Saturday evening, I saw Harrison, opposite Hobson's house dancing. I passed him - then saw him whistle, and look up towards the balcony - it is a French window. I cannot say whether it was open. I looked up and saw somebody on the balcony with a large white bundle in his hands - it was a young boy, almost as tall as Harrison. The prisoners were two of them. He threw the bundle to three persons who were below. Harrison was close to the house. I think he laid hold of the bundle. I went and called at a sadler's, next door. Before the bundle was thrown out, Mascoe said to me,
"Push on;" and I went to the sadler's - I opened the door, went in, told the apprentice; he came out; and then I saw another bundle thrown from the window - one of the three picked it up - I think it was Harrison. I saw the man get out of the balcony. The apprentice ran to call his master, and when he came out, they were all gone, with the bundles; they all four went up Stafford's-place; we did not follow them. I saw Harrison in custody on the Monday, and was sure of him; and about a week after I saw Mascoe come out of the lock-up place, at Bow-street, and told the officer that he was one of them.
Cross-examined. Q. What are you. - A. I live with my father, who was inspector of gas-lights, and is now promoted. I have known Harrison two years; he is a lamp-lighter. I saw him there for ten minutes, and am positive of him. There was no ladder at the balcony.


                  HENRY 
                  PARRENE
               



            . I am apprentice to the sadler, next door to Hobson. Fitzgerald called me out about half-past seven o'clock. I looked up to the balcony, and saw a bundle thrown out - three persons were before the house, another came from the balcony, and all ran off together, leaving nothing behind - they could easily get down by a lamp-iron. I know Mascoe to be one; he stood against my master's railing, and ran off with the others.


                  JOHN 
                  SNOWSELL
               



            . I am a constable. I took Harrison on Monday. the 4th of February, at his father's, in Vauxhall-road. He was denied to me, but I found him in bed; and Fitzgerald, who was with me, pointed to a hat in the parlour, and said it was what he wore, and said he was the man who received the bundle. About a week after, Mascoe was at Bow-street on another charge. Harrison was being examined, as Mascoe was brought out of the lock-up place. Fitzgerald said he was with Harrison. - The balcony had been painted that day; and there was fresh paint of the same sort on the back of Harrison's jacket.


                  JAMES 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I was with Snowsell - his account is correct.
HARRISON's Defence. At the time of the robbery I was in Holland-yard with my father. I fastened my ladder up at eight o'clock, and went home to tea.
T. H. FITZGERALD re-examined. I am sure of him - he wore a round hat, which I had noticed before that night.
HARRISON - GUILTY. Aged 18.
MASCOE - GUILTY. Aged 15.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
