





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
1214. 
               
                  
                     JOHN JAMES 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of June
, eight silver spoons, value 3 l.; a pair of sugar-tongs, value 10 s., and a chain and locket, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Perry
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  SARAH 
                  PERRY
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Perry
               



            . We had lodgings to let for single gentlemen. The prisoner came on the 23d January and took a room, at 6 s. per week - I asked for a reference - he said he was assistant to an auctioneer, under the Piazza, Covent-garden, and lodged at Mr. Brown's, 33, Wood-street, Cheapside, to whom he referred me; and wished to come in directly. I did not go to the reference for two days, it being wet. I then told him I should go - he wished to know at what time - I said between twelve and one o'clock - he called on me at that time, and asked if his portmanteau had come - I said No. and that I had not been for his character. He staid at home till between three and four that afternoon, and then went out (he had slept there for two nights.) I went into the parlour, and missed a chain and locket from my writing-desk, and in about two hours, on going to my drawers, I missed eight spoons and the sugar-tongs. I found six of the spoons in pawn - he had the use of the front parlour, but had nothing to do with the spoons - he had breakfasted alone, in that room, both mornings. I went to Wood-street, but could find no such person, nor was he known at the auctioneer's.


                  JAMES 
                  WILMOT ANDERSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Brewer-street, Somers'-town. On the 25th of June, the prisoner pawned four tea-spoons, for 10 s. in the name of Dixon.


                  THOMAS 
                  PEWTNER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Ossulton-street, Somers'-town. On the 25th of June, the prisoner pawned two table spoons for 26 s.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent - the charge is not sufficiently borne out by the evidence; no person can positively swear that I committed the theft, nothing was was found in my possession - I humbly conceive you will give me the benefit of those doubts.
MRS. PERRY. I missed the locket and chain five minutes after he left the house, the spoons was locked in a table drawer.
GUILTY. Aged 19.
See page 420.
Of 


               stealing to the value 39 s. only
            . 


               Transported 7 Years
            .
