






1594. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  WATSON
               




             and 
               
                  JANE 
                  COLLIER
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of July
, a shawl, value 18 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Keymer
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BILES
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Henry Keymer, linen-draper
, of Bishopsgate-street


. On the 19th of July, about six o'clock in the evening, the prisoners and another person came into the shop, and wished to look at a silk shawl from 20 s. to 25 s.; I shewed them several, and after they had sat some time the other person went out, saying the shop was so hot, she must go out; I then shewed the prisoners some more, till my attention was called to the door to a person who inquired the price of a print; while there I looked round, and saw Jane Collier standing to hide the other, and the shawls moving on the counter; I then went back to the prisoners, and Collier said I need not give myself any farther trouble; what they saw were very pretty, and she persuaded Watson to have one; she then asked what was the lowest price; I replied 25 s.; she said she had not come out with an intention of purchasing, and had not money enough, but left 2 s., and said she would call on Saturday; I put the shawl into a bit of paper, and while they were going from the back of the shop to the door, I missed the shawl now produced; I told my employer to detain Collier, and I pursued Watson; I took her, and under her petticoats I found the shawl.
Prisoner COLLIER. Q. Did I attempt to move out of the shop while you went after Watson? A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am the officer, and took them up.
Prisoner WATSON. My fellow-prisoner is innocent - she did not know what I was doing.
Prisoner COLLIER. I did not know what was taking place.
COLLIER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
WATSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
