





201. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  FOLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, a watch, value 7 l.; a seal, value 1 l., and a key, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Cox
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM COX. I live in Stafford-place, Pimlico, and am a surgeon
. On Saturday, the 18th of December, I was on the point of entering Warwick-street, Charing-cross


, going to the house of a friend, and observed, a little to my left, on the pavement, on the same side of the way, two men together, but I did not notice them particularly - they were advancing towards me - I expected they would pass me, but contrary to my expectation of their passing behind me, one of them came in front of me, and snatched my watch out of my fob. From his great dexterity he must have been, I think, an old practitioner. He took to his heels and ran away - I immediately followed him and cried Stop thief - I kept sight of him for some time - at that moment a witness, who was standing opposite to Mr. Shepherd's glass-house, pursued him, and another witness, who was a little forward, joined in the pursuit, and he was taken in about two minutes. A constable, who happened to be in the street, stopped him, and he was taken to St. Martin's watch-house, but the watch has not been found. From the general appearance of the prisoner and from one or other of us not losing sight of him, I think he is the man. I had lost sight of him for a few moments while he was turning the corners. It was a metal watch with a gold seal, and had cost me about 9 l.


                  RICHARD 
                  TOMKIN SMITH
               



            . I am an engraver, and live in Oxenden-street. I was in Pall-mall and heard the cry of Stop thief - I saw the prisoner turn the corner pursued by some persons. I also pursued, but lost sight of him for a few moments while he turned round Pall-mall East. I am sure he is the same person - he had got into St. Martin's-street before he was stopped; I did not see his face but from his general appearance I have no doubt of him.


                  JAMES 
                  BARTON
               



            . I am a painter, and live in Compton-street, Soho. I was in Whitcomb-street, and heard the cry of Stop thief! the prisoner was then running, pursued by other persons - there was no one before him; I did notlose sight of him till I caught him in St. Martin's-street - he asked what I was going to do with him - I said he had stolen something, but I did not know what. The officer then came up and took him. Mr. Cox came up and charged him with stealing his watch - he said he was innocent; but run because he saw other persons run.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming home from Westminster - I heard a cry of Stop thief! and a man came and took hold of me - he said there was something stolen, but he could not stop with me as he had left some fruit - then the witness came and took hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
