





967. 
               
                  ABBY 
                  DESMOND
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of March
, 2 coats, value 7s.; 2 aprons, value 1s., and 3 flat-irons, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dilzon
               




            .
THOMAS DILZON. I live at Mr. Grove's, in Queen-street, Seven-dials


, and the prisoner lived there also. I left this property in the care of Mrs. Groves, about four o'clock on the 29th of March, when I went out, and when I came home next morning, they were gone - I never gave them to the prisoner.


                  MARY 
                  GROVES
               



            . The prosecutor and the prisoner lodged in my house. Dilzon gave these things into my care, and I hung the coats upon the rail of my bedstead - the prisoner was helping me to iron that day; I went out at eight o'clock to take some things home, and when I came back she and the articles were gone - she had been with me a few days.


                  MAURICE 
                  NICHOLAS
               



            . I took the prisoner up in High-street, St. Giles'; there was a young woman with her, who had a coat in her apron; I asked the prisoner where the other coat was; she said in her box, at No. 25, Buckeridge-street - I went there, and found it, and these two aprons.


                  ANN 
                  PIGGOTT
               



            . I went with the prisoner to Mr. Jones', the pawnbroker, to pawn three flat-irons and a handkerchief - I pawned them in my own name, and gave the money and the duplicates to her.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I took in these articles - I saw Piggott, but not the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He told me he was going to leavethat Saturday night, and told me to take these things, and put into my box; I thought they had a better right to be there than in Mrs. Grove's room: we had lived together for three months - he made me leave my service, and come and live with him.


                  MARY 
                  GROVES
               



             re-examined. They did not live together; the prosecutor is a baker, and used to sleep a few hours, and then go to work - the prisoner had left her service, and I took her in out of charity.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
