





1941. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of September
, 1 shirt, value 3s.; 1 cravat, value 6d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.; 1 book, value 5s.; 1 pot of cold cream, value 2s., and 2 bottles of sauce, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Forbes
                     



                  , Esq.
; and two pairs of trousers, value 12s.; 1 jacket, value 7s.; 1 waistcoat, value 3s.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d., and 2 pairs of gloves, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Demurice
               



            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CLIFFORD
               



            . I am carman to 
               
                  William 
                  Birmingham
               



            , of Fitzroy-market. I had two portmanteaus, a writing-desk, and two coats in my cart, to take from Sir Charles Forbes' house, in Fitzroy-square, to Blackwall; a servant went with me - when we got about fifty yards from the Commercial-road turnpike


, (it was then about ten o'clock at night.) I was on the off-side, and turned my head and saw a man spring from the cart; I gave the servant the reins, got out of the cart, and missed a pormantean; the prisoner was taken about a hundred and fifty yards off.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You did not see him taken? A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a waiter, and live in Somerset-place, New-road. On the 19th of September I was in the Commercial-road, and saw two or three men following this cart - I walked down to the turnpike; the cart stopped to pay toll, and was going on - I saw the prisoner run up, spring out, and take a parcel (as it appeared) from the back of the cart; he walked away in a contrary direction with it; I followed and told a watchman, who took him with it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever say to any one that you doubted whether he was the man? A. No; there were three examinations - I never said, that if I was paid my expenses by the prisoner's friends, it would be more pleasant to me. I have received no money from them or anybody - I do not know Sims or Fitzpatrick - I was not at home at the second examination, as I had slept at my aunt's, and did not receive the summons in time; I went in the evening, and gave bail for my appearance. I know the Black-horse in Lemon-street - I have been there, but not with any one; I spoke to no woman there; I saw Sims at the office, but not at the Black-horse; I never told Sims to pay my mother 7s. 6d. - she told me this morning that she hoped I would not hurt the prisoner.
COURT. Q. Did you give the same account to the Magistrate as you have to-day? A. Yes, as nearly as possible.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOGGIS
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 19th of September, about ten o'clock at night, I took the prisoner in charge, with a bundle on his shoulder: I asked what he had got; he said it was no business of mine - Hall came up, and said he was the man.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not he say he had found it in the road? A. No.


                  PETER 
                  WILSON
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house with this property. Hall said he saw him take it from the cart, and never lost sight of him.


                  HENRY 
                  SCOGGIN
               



            . I am servant to Sir Charles Forbes. I put these bundles into the cart, and know this property; they were all packed in one mat.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BIRMINGHAM
               



            . I let out this cart; my man went with it.
Prisoner's Defence. My wife and three women gave Hall 7s. 6d.; if he has perjured himself in one thing, he will in another.


                  MARIA 
                  ANN SIMS
               



            . I am married, and live in Somerset-street. I saw Hall at the Black-horse, where I used to deal; he demanded 10s. of the prisoner's wife in my presence, for his day's expenses; he received 2s. 6d. from her, and I took 7s. 6d. to his mother's house, by his desire: we gave it into her hands. Fitzpatrick was at the Black-horse.
COURT. Q. Have you ever told him that you hoped he would not hurt the prisoner? A. No; he said the prisoner was full fifteen yards from him, and several other persons being there, that he could not swear to him, and if his expenses were paid, he had rather not appear against him.


                  MARY 
                  FITZPATRICK
               



            . My husband lives in Middlesex-street, Aldgate. I saw Hall at the prisoner's mother's; he called there on the first examination, and said it would he more to his satisfaction not to appear, if his expenses were paid - I saw 2s. 6d. paid to him at the Black-horse - the prisoner's wife was present.


                  JAMES 
                  HALL
               



             re-examined. The prisoner's wife was asked at the office three times if I had received any money; she said, No. I earn 9s. a week, and am a waiter at the Eagle, George-street, Mansion-house - I never received any money - I swear I was not with these women at the Blackhorse.


                  MARIA 
                  ANN SIMS
               



            . I was nearly an hour with him there in the back room; we had a quartern and a half of gin anda pot of beer, which the landlord brought; he saw him there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
