





894. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of April
, two petticoats, value 1 s.; two gowns, value 15 s., and a milk pot, value 15 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Sherman
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  SHERMAN
               



            . My husband's name is Thomas - he is a plumber
; we live in Water-lane


. On the 29th of April, about half-past three o'clock, I was cleaning the passage, and was called into the shop to serve; I left the private door open; my lodger went up-stairs soon after, and gave an alarm. I saw her struggling with the prisoner on the stairs, and went to her assistance - we held him tillLeadbeater came and took him. I saw a bundle of my clothes under his arm on the stairs; when he was searched, my milk pot was found in his hat. The property was taken from a chest in our bed-room.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Was he not in liquor - A. No, Sir. I told him he had got my property - he said he had not. I did not desire him to leave the house.


                  SARAH 
                  HARTLEY
               



            . I lodge at Sherman's. I saw the prisoner on the third flight of stairs, coming down with a bundle. I took hold of him, and asked who he wanted; he said he had been up to 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



            ; I said, there was no Smith there. He struggled, and said,
"Let me go;" but I held him till the officer came, and saw the bundle taken from him - he did not appear to be in liquor.


                  JANE 
                  STEWARD
               



            . I assisted in holding him on the stairs, hearing an alarm when I was in the shop. I went up, and the man was secured. I do not know who he was. I found the bundle on the stairs.
Cross-examined. Q. You cannot swear to the prisoner - A. No; several people came round the shop.


                  JOSEPH 
                  POTTER
               



            . Steward fetched me to the house - I found the shop full of people; Leadbeater was there. I found the milk pot in the prisoner's hat; he was sober.
Prisoner's Defence. I was very much in liquor - I had been at the public-house next door, and was told that a friend of mine lived at the top of this house, and on going up stairs I saw this bundle. This lady was the first person whom I saw; she shoved me down, and said, I had gone there to rob. I could have got away. She told me to go, but I said I would not till I had seen my friend. There is an officer in Court who knows that I was in liquor. I know nothing of the charge.
- . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner - he appeared to me to be in liquor.


                  JANE 
                  STEWARD
               



             re-examined. I told him to go away; he said he would not. I was too much terrified to say whether he was in liquor.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
