






706. 
               
                  
                     MARTIN 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of March

, two bridles, value 10 s.; one collar, value 7 s., and three houses, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Claridge
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     PADGETT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROSE
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Claridge
               



            , a farmer
, at Finchley



. On the 11th of February, I locked these things all safe in the stable at seven o'clock at night, and next morning at six o'clock found the boards pulled down, and the things stolen; they had tried to force the door open, but had not succeeded. About a fortnight after, I saw the bridles at Johnson's. The stable yard is fenced all round. Sullivan had come into the stable between three and four on the 11th, and asked if I had any horse hair to sell.


                  SAMUEL 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a collar and harness maker, and live in Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell. On the 15th of March I saw Padgett in Smithfield-market, and bought the bridles of him. I said that before I paid him, he must go to somebody, and be identified, for I was afraid it was stolen. I took him to several people, who said they would be answerable for him, and I paid him.



                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer. On the 2d of April, Padgett was brought to the office to me; he said he bought the things of an Irishman, who carried oranges and lemons, and would find him if he could. Sullivan was brought to me on the 4th of April by Coulson - I asked how he came by the bridle and collar; he said he bought them of a man on the other side of Highgate, for 3 s. or 4 s.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did he not say he examined carefully to ascertain if they were honestly come by - A. He did.


                  CHARLES 
                  READ
               



            . I took Padgett in the Kingsland-road. I told him I took him for selling the bridles to Johnson; he said he bought them of an Irishman, who sold oranges, who called him up at seven or eight o'clock - he denied knowing any thing of the collar - his wife contradicted him; he then said he had sold it for 2 s. 6 d.
WILLIAM COULSON. I am a constable of Pancras, I apprehended Sullivan on Easter Sunday, in Catherine Wheel-alley, by Padgett's information - his wife went with me to find him. I told him I took him for stealing a bridle and harness from a stable at Finchley; he said he knew nothing at all of it - I then told him who he had sold them to, and where Padgett lived - he said he did not know him. he wanted to know who dare detain him; I took him to the watch-house, and on Monday morning, he said he bought them of a cadger on Highgate Hill, for 3 s., and sold them to Padgett for 5 s., but he never was at Finchley.
Cross-examined. Q. If it had not been for Padgett you would not have found him - A. No.
(Property produced and sworn to).
SULLIVAN'S Defence. They never were in my hands. Padgett said he bought them at a sale.
SULLIVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 60.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PADGETT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex before Mr. Recorder.
