





387. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PETRIE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of February
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Hepburn
                        



                     
                  , one coat, value 2 l.; and one order for payment of and value 35 l., his property; one other coat, value 2 l.;and one pocket-book, value 6 d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Tuckey
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ASHDOWN
               



            . I am a baker, and live at Harbour-square, Commercial-road. On the 22d of February, about one o'clock, I saw the prisoner passing the house with two other boys. He had a blue coat on his arm. He left the other two, went behind a stack of bricks, and doubled the coat up in his apron which he had on. I followed, and as soon as they saw me they ran, and in crossing the ditches towards Stepney Church, the prisoner threw the coat into the ditch. Mr. Shord, who is not here, picked it up. I stopped the prisoner and took him to the prosecutor's house. As we brought him back we found a pocket-book within ten yards of the prosecutor's door. Shord brought the coat to the prosecutor.


                  CHARLES 
                  HEPBURN
               



            . I live at Harbour-terrace


. On the 22d of February, when I came home, I heard of the robbery. The pocket-book contained a cheque for 35 l. I had given it to Mr. Tuckey, to pay into Messrs. Hankeys'. I have since lost the cheque.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TUCKEY
               



            . I am assistant
 to Mr. Hepburn, who is a surgeon
. He gave me the cheque, and I put it into my pocket-book, which was in my great-coat side pocket, and hung in the hall - the door was open. I missed the great-coat. It was brought back in about ten minutes by Shord. Ashdown brought the prisoner in, and said, in his presence, that he detected him with the coat. I found Mr. Hepburn's coat on the steps.
JOHN BROWN. I am a constable. On the 22d of February I took the prisoner into custody.
(Coats produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A man threw the coat on my shoulder.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 11.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
