





Before Mr. Justice Best.
1034. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PURSE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Nicholas Ready 
                           Ledwick
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 22d of July
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a watch, value 4 l.; a chain, value 6 d., and a key, value 1 d.
            , his property.


                  NICHOLAS 
                  READY LEDWICK
               



            . On Sunday, the 22d of July, I was coming from a friend's in Jermyn-street, about nine o'clock in the evening - the prisoner turned round upon me just at the corner of Castle-court, Chandos-street


, slipped up my watch, and pulled it out by the chain - it was quite day-light. I called Stop thief! another laid hold of me, and said,
"What is the matter;" I said,
"I am robbed, and there is the man," and he ran away with three or four more of the gang. I am certain of the prisoner's person, from his hinder appearance. I did not see his face - he used no violence. I went to Bow-street immediately, and described his person, as near as I could, and saw him at Bow-street on Wednesday, and have no doubt of him.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. It was done so suddenly you could not see his face - A. Not to notice it. I speak to him from his make, shape, and clothes. If I had met him four days after, I should not have noticed him; but when he was shown to me I knew him. I really believe in my conscience that he is the man. He was taken from my description.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOND
               



            . I am conductor of the Bow-street patrole. On Monday morning, I received information of this robbery, and took the prisoner from the description I received, on Tuesday afternoon, about five o'clock, in Chandos-street, and asked where he was on Sunday evening, about nine o'clock - he said in a house in St. Giles's.
Prisoner's Defence. He asked where I slept, I said in St. Giles's. Two men were brought against me, who had a full view of the person who robbed Mr. Ledwick - neither could swear to me, but said it was a taller man. At my first and second examination, the prosecutor would not undertake to say I was the person; but at last swore to me, as he was instructed by the officers.
WILLIAM BOND. Two men were brought up, who are not here; he said he slept in St. Giles's, and was in St. Giles's at nine o'clock. Mr. Ledwick never doubted about him. I took one Pearson also; but the prosecutor could not swear to him.
MR. LEDWICK. These two men were very loth to come, and gave me a false name. I swore to him at first, and had no doubt at all of him.
GUILTY. Aged 20.
Of 


               stealing, from the person only
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
See page 395.
