





SECOND DAY, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13.
1066. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of July
, one key, value 1 d., and nine sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Moses 
                           Sampson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  MOSES 
                  SAMPSON
               



            . I am a clerk
 to a merchant at Yarmouth. On the 23d of July, between twelve and one o'clock at noon, I was on the platform leading to Westminster-hall


, I suddenly felt something at my right-hand breeches pocket, which I knew was buttoned before, I felt and found nine sovereigns and a key gone. I had put ten sovereigns and the key of my apartment, and my watch key there a few minutes before. On turning round, I saw two sovereigns and the key of my apartment laying at my foot, I picked them up, and called out
"Stand your ground, here is a pickpocket" - it was impossible any body could move. I turned and seized the prisoner, who appeared to be putting something into his right-hand pocket. I seized his right hand, which was strongly clenched, and tried to open it, but could not; when we got off the platform, he opened it, and nothing was found in it - he was taken to Queen-square.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  GINN
               



            . I am a surveyor, and live in Sussex. I was on the platform, standing by Mr. Sampson. I heard him say there was a pickpocket; the prisoner stood directly behind him - next to him, and I was next to the prisoner; nobody was near enough to rob him but the prisoner and myself; the prosecutor picked up two sovereigns and seized the prisoner - he seemed much agitated, and I suspected he was the person. I laid hold of him, he endeavoured to keep his hand down, the prosecutor tried to get it up, and I asked why he did not open his hand; he said, he did not know but we were going to rob him; this we said after we got him through the crowd; we took him to a public-house, the constable searched him, and took from his breeches-pocket two sovereigns, two half crowns, and 1 d.


                  RICHARD 
                  MONDAY
               



            . I am a constable. I was at the platform, and heard a cry of pickpocket, and found the prosecutor holding the prisoner; upon searching him at the public-house, I found two sovereigns in his right-hand breeches pocket, and some silver. I saw a letter in the possession of Dew. The prisoner told me he got his fellow prisoner to write this letter for him.


                  CHARLES 
                  DEW
               



            . I took this letter from a fellow prisoner of his.
(read)
To Mr. Moses, Black Lion, Petticoat-lane, to be forwarded to Ikey Soloman.
Ikey Soloman, I will thank you to come to me immediately; 
               
                  David 
                  Williams
               



             is remanded till seven o'clock this evening, for want of some respectable person to come to speak for me. I told the Magistrate I had been at work for Mr. Hughes, No. 19, Perceval-street, Goswell-street-road, for five years; he asked what I worked at, I told him at a plaisterers, from whom I had 2 l. a week. You must bring some one up to speak for me, and say you gave me the two sovereigns last Saturday night, and say your name is Mr. Hughes, and that you live in Perceval-street, and I shall be discharged. I will pay all expences I was taken for robbing a man of ten sovereigns. I gave my name 
               
                  David 
                  Smith
               



             - I am at Queen-square.
Prisoner's Defence. I was behind the gentleman - he said his pocket was picked. I put my hand in my pocket to secure my own money, and held it in my hand; he took hold of my hand and tried to take it from me, I would not let him - I said,
"Gentlemen, I have 2 l. and two half crowns."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
