





513. 
               
                  
                     JOHN ELIAS PUTTERSFIELD 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of February
, 1 cwt. of iron, value 4 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fielder
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  John 
                  Fielder
               



            , Esq
. Some iron had been taken off the cart-wheels, and put on the premises at the back of the King's-road, Chelsea


. I saw it safe the day before it was stolen - the prisoner worked on the premises.


                  JAMES 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street. On the 14th of February, about nine o'clock at night, I stoppedthe prisoner in Sloane-square, with a sack on his back. I asked him what he had got? He said some iron, which he was going to take to a friend in George-street - he said it was his own. I followed him to the house of one Reynolds, a dealer in marine stores, in Jews'-row, Chelsea. I heard Reynolds ask him what he wanted for it? he said five farthings a pound; Reynolds offered him a farthing, and I took him into custody. He then said he himself was a dealer in marine-stores, and lived in Arthur-street, King's-road. I found he lodged there, at the back of the premises where the iron was stolen from, and kept no shop. I matched the iron to the wheels.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . I was with Moore. The iron weighed 98 lbs.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met a man, who called me by name, and asked me to carry it to Jews'-row. I was to meet him at the Prince of Wales, public-house, when I had sold it.



               GUILTY
             Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
