





378. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     GARVIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Cadet
                        




                     
                  , on the 8th of February
, on the King's highway, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one handkerchief, value 2 d., and 8 s.
            , his property.


                  PETER 
                  CADET
               



            . I am a seaman
; I get my living about the quays. About sixteen days ago, at nine o'clock at night, I was in Rosemary-lane


; I had just come out of the Blue-Boar, public-house, I had been drinking, but knew what I was about; I was half and half; I had 8 s. rolled up in a handkerchief, which was in my hat. About twenty yards from the house, the prisoner came just behind me, and struck me on the back of the head. He knocked my hat off; I fell down with the blow; he took up my handkerchief, and ran off, leaving the hat behind. I pursued him for about ten minutes, but he got away. I can swear to him; he was taken an hour or an hour and a half after. I saw him next morning at the watch-house, and am sure of him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not swear at the office that I saw you tie your money in your handkerchief - Yes; I saw him in the house watching me; he then offered me beer; I talked with him there; I did not see him come after me till he struck me. I saw him pick the handkerchief up and run away; there was only one man near me.


                  ANN 
                  LEWES
               



            . I live in Rose-court, Blue Anchor-yard. I work at making slops - I was in Rosemary-lane about nine o'clock in the evening, in the Blue Boar, with a young woman, and saw Cadet there and the prisoner; he was looking over at Cadet while he was putting his money in his handkerchief. Cadet was speaking to me; I went out with him; I had been drinking with him; he was going to the Ship and Star; I knew him before; I saw the prisoner walking after us, and about ten or twenty yards from the house he struck Cadet on the head, knocked off his hat, and he fell on his hands. I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief out of his hat, and run off. Cadet pursued him, but he got away - I am sure of his person.
Prisoner. Q. Did you go out before or after the prosecutor - A. I followed him out; he was a little intoxicated - I was quite sober.


                  THOMAS 
                  FULLER
               



            . I am a watchman, and was in Rosemary-lane about half-past nine o'clock at night; a person said a black man had been robbed. I found the prisoner at the White Hart and Fountain, Rosemary-lane, about half-past ten o'clock that night; the prosecutor had described him, and said he could swear to him among a thousand. I took him into the White Hart, public-house, he ran towards the prisoner, and smacked his face, and said,
"You d - d thief, give me my money." He denied the charge, and said he never saw him before.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in a public-house - Fuller and this man came in - Fuller pointed to me - he then said,
"That is the man who robbed me."
GUILTY. Aged 32.
Of 


               stealing, but not from the person
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
