





574. 
               
                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  HARLOW
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of February
, two coats, value 50 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Richard Henry 
                        Cox
                     



                  ; a coat, value 1 l., and a jacket, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        White
                     



                  : and a coat, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Anthony 
                        Joly
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of Richard Henry Cox
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  JONES
               



            . I live in Grosvenor-place


, in the service of Richard Henry Cox, Esq. - Joly and White are his servant

s. On the 2d of February, about half-past three o'clock, I went into the hall, and missed four coats, which I had seen safe, on pegs, half an hour before; I went into the housekeeper's room, and told what had happened. I then went up the area steps, and saw a witness, who gave me information; we went together to Tattersal's yard, which is eight doors from my master's - we found a bag, with the four coats and a jacket in it; two of them were livery coats. The prisoner was taken in about five minutes; I do not know that the bag was his.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live in Mill-street, Hanover-square. I was coming up Grosvenor-place, and about three doors before I came to Mr. Cox's, I saw the prisoner with an empty sack on his back, and another man with him; I saw him go down the area; I was going down the steps, and he passed me, coming up again, with the sack still empty - I then went into the housekeeper's room, and while I was there an alarm was given that the house had been robbed by chimney-sweepers; I said if the house had been robbed by chimney-sweepers I knew the men. I came out, and went after them down Grosvenor-place, into Chapel-street, and into the mews, where I met the prisoner by himself, coming down the mews, walking very fast; he had nothing with him; I knew him to be the man I saw down the area: I collared him, and said, "What have you done with the sack you had on your shoulder" - he said he knew nothing at all about it. I said, "You shall go back and account for it," and just before I came to the door I met the constable and another person, who said he could identify the prisoner. I did not see the sack again till I saw it at Marlborough-street.


                  GEORGE 
                  BATES
               



            . I am a seaman. I was in Grosvenor-place, and saw the prisoner and another come up the area steps, with a sack on his back, which appeared to be full; I stopped at the steps, and told Jones - I had seen the prisoner go into Tattersal's with the sack on his back, which appeared to me to be the same - it was a dirty sack - he came up the yard without it, and then went another way. I saw it at the watch-house; it contained four coats and a jacket, which were claimed by Jones.


                  CHARLES 
                  REEVES
               



            . I am a constable. I received the prisoner in charge. I was present in Tattersal's yard when the sack was standing there - Jones claimed the coats as his master's.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going down the mews, and the witness came and collared me, and said something about a sack - I know nothing about it.




               GUILTY. Aged 21. Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
