






First London Jury - before Mr. Recorder.
1371. 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  CARMAN
               




             and 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  CLARK
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Kilgour
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES KILGOUR. I live at Aberdeen and am a merchant
. On the 9th of June, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Sweeting's-alley, Cornhill


, and stood looking at some caricatures in a shop window; I felt my coat pocket pulled - I turned round and saw Carman making off as fast as he could; I followed and secured him a few steps off; when I took hold of him I heard some person say "You have got hold of the wrong person;" but I could not see who said so - the person did not come up to me; I let him go and turned round thinking to lay hold of some other person, but almost immediately another person called out that I was perfectly right in taking Carman, and I secured him again - I saw my handkerchief in the officer's hands in about a minute; he had then secured Clark who I had not noticed before - I had just come off' Change.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many people were about the shop? A. Probably eight or ten - Clark was close to the shop door when I saw him in custody.


                  CHARLES 
                  CLITHEROW
               



            . I am an officer and was in Sweeting's-alley. I met the two prisoners in company in Cornhill; I suspected them and fell back into a hatter's shop in Sweeting's-alley to watch them - Clark was on the right-hand side when he first went into the crowd at the shop; there might be a dozen persons at the window - Carman was on the left hand; I saw him try the prosecutor's left pocket - he found nothing there: I saw them speaking together; Clark then placed himself on Mr. Kilgour's left hand and Carman on the right - I saw Carman's hand in Mr. Kilgour's right-hand pocket- Clark held his coat out to conceal Carman's hand; a gentleman passed at the time and I did not see the handkerchief taken out, but I saw it drop, and saw Carman run away: I instantly followed and took him - I was only about a yard and a half from him; I brought him back and found Clark in custody of another officer, who I had not seen before - I am perfectly certain of both their persons; the handkerchief was in the hands of another officer - when I took Carman he said he had done nothing; I told him I had watched him and seen his hand in the pocket - we searched, but found nothing on him; Clark said he was of good parents and begged hard to be allowed to go to his friends, and we should be satisfied he was innocent - they were strangers to me before.
Cross-examined. Q. He meant you should be satisfied of his respectability? A. He said his father would give him a good character - I did not see the handkerchief picked up.


                  GEORGE 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I am a constable of Broad-street. I was in Sweeting's-alley about half-past three o'clock and saw the prisoner in company together, in the crowd by the caricature shop for a little while; they then went away together - I noticed their persons, and am sure of them; I saw them again a few minutes before four o'clock, in the same place - they turned round, saw me and went away again together; I followed them as far as the Mansion-house - they went up the Poultry; I saw them again about twenty minutes to five, at the same shop window - I did not notice Mr. Kilgour; Clark stood on the left of Carman - I saw the handkerchief in Clark's hand; he put his hand towards his pocket - I laid hold of him and it dropped; Carman was close to him - they were joined together; I caught hold of Clark- Mr. Kilgour turned round immediately and caught hold of him also; I said "Catch the other one" - Carman was then running; I did not see him taken - Mr. Kilgour described the mark on his handkerchief before he saw it; Carman was taken directly, and both conveyed to the Mansion-house.

Cross-examined. Q. When you saw the handkerchief in Clark's hand, they were standing close together? A. Yes; Carman had not then run away - it was Clark who dropped the handkerchief; Carman did not run till I told Mr. Kilgour to catch him: Clark had dropped the handkerchief before that - Mr. Kilgour put his hand on Clark's shoulder; I said "Catch the other" - he turned round and caught Carman; he did not take Clark - he only put his hand upon his shoulder.(Property produced and sworn to.)
CARMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
