






First London Jury - before Mr. Recorder.
507. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WELCH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of August
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s. the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Lingford
                     




                  , from his person
            .
SAMUEL LINGFORD. I am a hosier
, and live in Dyer's-court, Aldermanbury. On the 6th of August, about one o'clock in the day, I was going over London-bridge


 to the Borough; I was on the bridge, and had a handkerchief in my outside coat pocket - I felt it going, turned round and saw the prisoner and another behind me - I was certain one of them had my handkerchief, as I had used it a few minutes before - I left them walk on a few paces, and saw a bulk under the prisoner's coat on the left side; I went before him, collared him, lifted up his coat, and took the handkerchief from between his coat and waistcoat - the other ran away - I took the prisoner to the Town-hall - I seized him on the bridge, and took the handkerchief from him on the bridge.
Cross-examined by MR. PAYNE. Q. Have you never said that this occurred in the Borough? A. Never to my knowlege; I took him to the Town-hall, as some gentlemen said it was the nearest place - I know he was in company with the other - they were walking together - he said he had found the handkerchief - I did not see him take it; I saw him and the other close behind me - they passed me - the prisoner attempted to run away when I collared him - there was nobody between him and me.


                  THOMAS 
                  KINSEY
               



            . I am a constable of the Borough. On the 6th of August Mr. Lingford gave the prisoner into my charge, with the handkerchief, which I have had ever since - Mr. Lingford said it happened at the foot of the bridge, which he thought was in the Borough.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .(See Note at the end of this Report.)
