





176. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of November
, one fixture (i.e.) one copper, value 5 s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Balme
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BALME
               



            . I am a tobacco pipe maker
, and live at Mile-end


. On the 28th of November, about seven o'clock in the morning, this copper was missed from the wash-house adjoining the dwelling-house, the key of the stable was missed at the same time.


                  JOHN 
                  HODGSON
               



            . I am a pipe maker. On the 28th of November, about seven o'clock in the morning, I went to work at Balme's I left the key in the stable door, and went up the shop, and in a quarter of an hour, I missed the key, looked round, and found the copper unfixed and gone. The stable joins the wash-house.


                  CHARLES 
                  BOLTON
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On the 21st of November, about twenty minutes past seven o'clock in the morning, I came out of my house in Dog-row,and saw the prisoner and another pass, the prisoner had the copper on his head; I thought he had not come honestly by it, and followed them five or six hundred yards, and got in front of them, the other man said, "What do you want." I said I am an officer, and suspect you have not come honestly by this copper - I wish to know where you got it from, and where are you going to take tt;" the other said to the prisoner, "Never mind any b - y officer, you follow me" - he walked off, I seized the prisoner with the copper, and gave him to a person to hold, and followed the other, and when I seized him, he threw a ripping chisel at me, and knocked me down, and ran off, I could not pursue any further; he was secured, and brought back to me; I found the key of the stable in his pocket, with some skeleton keys; I handcuffed them both together, and within one hundred yards of the watch-house, he slipped his hands out, and escaped. I was wounded in the head and temples with the chisel, and could not follow. My house is five minutes walk from the prosecutor's.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  CHARLES 
                  BOULTON
               



            . He said nothing of the kind.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going a long Whitechapel, and met a man, who asked me to carry the copper; the officer stopped me, I never resisted; the other man was brought back - I said "You employed me master, and you must clear me."



               GUILTY
            . Aged. 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
