





1179. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
, three shirts, value 12 s.; three pair of stockings, value 2 s., and one handkerchief, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Patterson
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Patterson
                        



.


                  MARY 
                  PATTERSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Patterson
               



            , and live in Carnaby-street. I do not know where my husband lives; I am a laundress
 - on Saturday, the 21st of July, about ten o'clock at night, I was going home with two bundles of linen, which I had to wash, and as I crossed the top of Foley-place


, the prisoner came on very suddenly and made a snatch at my bundle, and exclaimed, "I shall have that, by G - d;" he got the top bundle, which contained these things - I was very frightened, he passed me and ran off with it - I ran along Riding-house-lane after him, and then fainted, and was taken into a shop - I found him at the watch-house, in about half an hour.


                  JOHN 
                  TUFFNELL
               



            . I am a butcher, and live in the neighbourhood. I heard the cry of Stop thief! in Riding-house-lane, and saw the prisoner running down the lane - I did not see any thing with him, as it was dark; the watchman ran after him - I was going to knock him down but saw him drop the bundle from his breast; I picked it up, a boy said
"Here is another pair of stockings;" I picked them up, and afterwards saw him in custody of the watchman - I said he dropped it from the right or left breast, I do not now remember which, and he said, No, it was from the other.


                  RICHARD 
                  LEE
               



            . I was in Great Portland-street, and heard the cry of Stop thief! the prisoner came down Riding-house-lane, into Great Portland-street, and dropped the bundle - I secured him without losing sight of him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HILL
               



            . The bundle and prisoner were given into my care at the watch-house; Tuffnell said he dropped it from the left or right breast, he said, "No, you are wrong, it was the contrary."
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I own I am guilty, but I did not take it forcibly.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
