






837. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     MADDEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     TITUS 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of May
, a handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Collard
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. On the 19th of May, about ten o'clock in the morning, I was by Queen-street, and saw the prisoners following the prosecutor into the Poultry


, in company together, and just by Mr. Kipling's shop


, I saw Brown close behind the prosecutor, and saw his hand close to his pocket. I did not see what he took, but he gave something to Madden, who put it into his pocket, and turned round to leave the prosecutor. I laid hold of them both; the prosecutor looked round, and called out,
"That is my handkerchief." I looked and saw it drop from Madden. Collard picked it up.


                  GEORGE 
                  COLLARD
               



            . I am a clerk in the East India House
; I was in the Poultry; I felt nothing; there were three or four people near me; a cart made a stoppage; I felt behind me, and missed my handkerchief; turned round, and saw it on the ground, about five yards from me; the officer was holding the prisoners.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MADDEN'S Defence. There was a crowd, and the officer took me, and at that moment a lad rushed by me, dressed as I am, and threw the handkerchief on the ground.
BROWN'S Defence. I was going home, stopped to see what was the matter, and the gentleman collared me.
MADDEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Life
            .
