






London Cases, First Jury, Before Mr. Recorder.
865. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  HENRY
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WARREN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, eighteen yards of cloth, value 18 l.; twenty yards of kerseymere, value 10 l., and a wrapper, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Hitch
               



            .
2d COUNT stating them to belong to 
               
                  Zachary 
                  Langton
               



            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM HITCH. I am waggoner
 to Messrs. Pickfordand Co., carriers - they have a warehouse in Wood-street. On Friday, the 15th of April, between five and six o'clock in the evening. I was driving the waggon from Wood-street to the canal in the City-road; I went into Whitecross-street


, and a lad spoke to me; I soon after saw a man spring off the waggon, and three men go away from the waggon. I missed a truss. One man had a white smock frock on, and the other a fustian jacket. - I saw the truss afterwards.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THRALE
               



            . I work at the Three Cups, Aldersgate-street. On the 15th of April, between five and six o'clock, I saw the prisoners in Wood-street - another man was with them; they were following the prosecutor's waggon, on the pavement; Warren stopped, and pointing to a house, said to the third person. "I am going there on Saturday morning;" I had seen them all three before. I told the carman my suspicions.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How soon afterwards did you see either of the prisoners? A. About half-past six o'clock, and on the 26th I saw Warren in Goswell-street - I did not know where he lived; he was moving goods in a truck, and was taken that day.


                  RICHARD 
                  UNDERWOOD
               



            . I am in the prosecutors' service. I was following Hitch's waggon, and met Thrale in Wood-street, and from what he said I followed the waggon down Wood-street, and before I got to London-wall, it turned into Whitecross-street; I had a cart myself, and when I came into Fore-street I saw a man going down the street with a truss; Warren came up, hit him on the shoulder, and told him to go on; I kept running after the man with the truss, and at the corner of Grub-street he threw it down and got away. The prisoner Henry came and shoved me away from him, to keep me from catching him; I am certain of Henry - he said, "You *** what have you to do with it?" I turned round, and secured him directly.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you certain of Warren? A. I really believe him to be the man.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FLETCHER COOK
               



            . I live in Weymouth-street. On this evening I saw the prisoners in Fore-street - my attention was first attracted by Warren saying to another man, who had a truss on his shoulder, "Go on," in a hurried manner; I looked at them, and as I turned to go on Underwood was in pursuit, and Henry was behind him; Underwood got up, and a scuffle ensued between him, the man with the truss, and Henry; the truss was thrown down - the man got away: Henry was scuffling with Underwood. I cannot say whether Warren was near then.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am a constable. I received the truss at the corner of Grub-street, when the prisoner Henry was given into my charge; it is directed to P. and I. Bolton and Co., King-street, Manchester.


                  JOHN 
                  TWEEDY
               



            . I apprehended Warren on the 26th of April, in Goswell-street; Thrale fetched me, took me up stairs, and pointed him out, saying, "That is the man;" he said, "Don't make any noise - I'll go with you."


                  CHARLES 
                  BLUNDELL
               



            . I am in the employ of Zachary Langton and others. This truss was to go by our waggon.
HENRY's Defence. I was in Fore-street - several people were running after the thief; I ran with them, and accidently ran against the witness, but did not push him - I said, "D - n you, what do you want with me."


                  RICHARD 
                  UNDERWOOD
               



            . He pushed me right across my loins, designedly, and said, "You *** what have you to do with it," but when I laid hold of him he said, "What do you want with me."
WARREN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
HENRY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
