





1142. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM MORGAN 
                     MANNERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               Bigamy
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  EVAN 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I live at Reading, Berkshire, and know the prisoner perfectly well, and was present when he was married, at St. Lawrence Church, Reading, to 
               
                  
                     Eliza 
                     Redkison
                  



               
            . I gave her away, it was on the 15th of January - I do not recollect the year. I saw her alive at Reading last Monday.
Prisoner. Q. Look at me, and say if I am the man - A. If I do not know you, I do not know myself. He used her ill, and then left her in distress. I knew him for three years after he was married.


                  ANN 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. I was present at the prisoner's marriage to Redkison, on the 15th of January. I produce an extract from the register of St. Lawrence church, which I examined with the original. I saw his wife alive last Monday. (By the register it appeared, that the marriage was solemnized on the 15th of January, 1817.)


                     SUSAN 
                     ANDERSON
                  



               
            . My father keeps a cook's-shop in Drury-lane. I was married to the prisoner on the 8th of September, 1820
, at St. Martin in the Fields


. I first knew him on Easter Sunday, I had 2 l. or 3 l. of my own. He continued to live with me till I left him, as I had my clothes seized for rent, which was on the 16th of January. I left him on hearing he had another wife, and now live with my father.
Prisoner's Defence. I was married to 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Redkison
               



            , I met her at Cheltenham; she went with me to Bath and Reading, where we lodged some time; she had a former sweetheart named Smart, and she found out that he lived within a mile or two of Reading, and repeatedly went after him when I was away. I then brought her to town, and furnished her a house at Chelsea. I went to Cambridge to see my uncle, and she sold off every thing, and when I returned, I could find her no where, but at last heard she was at Mr. Shackle's. I went sixteen times after her, the master said if I came there, he would shoot me. I kept single for three years, and thought it necessary for a young man like me to marry again.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
