





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1262. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  NORMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of July
, a shawl, value 3 s.; two coats, value 2 l. 8 s.; a pair of trousers, value 10 s.; a waistcoat, value 1 s.; two handkerchiefs, value 2 s.; two petticoats, value 4 s.; a gown, value 4 s.; a tippet, value 6 s.; three caps, value 3 s., and a towel, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        Russell 
                        Munday
                     




                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  HENRIETTA 
                  MUNDAY
               



            . I am the wife of Russell Munday- we live in Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell


 - he is a bricklayer
. This property was in our room on the second floor; we lodge there. On the 9th of July, at half-past twelve o'clock, I went out with my husband's dinner; I locked the room door and had the key in my pocket; I returned in an hour, found the door still locked, but the property gone. On the 14th I was going out and met the prisoner (who is a stranger) with another person, they passed my door, and went into a barber's shop; the prisoner had my shawl on, but I was not then quite certain, of it being mine, and did not like to stop them. I followed them to Smithfield, then stopped and asked her to let me look at the shawl, which she did; it was mine, and I gave her in charge; she said she bought it on the afternoon I lost it, of a woman in the street, who was in distress: the young person who was with her, had my bundle handkerchief in her hand, she threw it down and ran away - the bundle contained bacon.
MARY MARIA BROMFIT. I lodge on the ground floor of this house. On the 9th of July, about one o'clock, I was in the passage, and saw two women come out of a gateway, which leads to the back part of the house; the prisoner was one of them, she had a bundle in her hand - an elderly woman was with her; when they got three doors off, the other woman took the bundle and they went up the street together. I am certain of the prisoner's person.
(Shawl produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the shawl that morning.




               GUILTY. Aged 16. Of Stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
