





987. 
               
                  MARY 
                  DAVIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, a shawl, value 2 d.; a coat, value 5 s.; a waistcoat, value 3 s., and a pair of unmade trowsers, value 18 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Marshall
                     




                  , from his person
            .
SAMUEL MARSHALL. I am a tailor
, and live in Rosemary-lane. On the 11th of April, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I was on the Pavement, Moorfields, opposite to Albion chapel, and saw the prisoner there - she asked me to give her a glass of gin; I took her into a watering house opposite the chapel, gave her a glass of gin, and desired her to go about her business; I was sober; I had a bundle under my arm, containing a shirt, a coat, a waistcoat, and a pair of unmade trowsers; she turned one way, and I went towards London-wall, and stood against a wall for a necessary purpose; she came and took the bundle from under my arm, and ran away with it; I turned round, but lost her. I found her at the Mansion House four days after, with all the property; it was a very fine night: I am certain of her being the person I gave the liquor to. My face was towards the wall when the bundle was taken; I could only see that it was a female who took it.
RICHARD MORRIS. I am a patrol of Bishopsgate. On the 11th of April, at half-past twelve o'clock at night, the prisoner came round into Broad-street-buildings, in a hurried manner - I told her it was no thoroughfare: she had a bundle under her arm, and the coat tail hung out of it. I followed her towards the gate, and asked where she came from; she said from Mr. Wilson's, in Bishopsgate-street - I asked what number - she said No. 10; I said Wilson's was No. 43, and took her to the watch-house. The bundle contained the articles stated in the indictment.

FREDERICK EBERHART. I am constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house with this bundle; she was remanded till the prosecutor was found out.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He was very much in liquor, and gave me the bundle.
SAMUEL MARSHALL. I swear I did not give it to her; I was quite sober: I took no liberties with her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
