





1940. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, onthe 11th of October
, 1 shawl, value 1s., and 1 child's coat, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Harvey
               




            .


                  ELIZA 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I am the wife of George Harvey - we lodge on the first floor of No. 4, Titchbourn-court, Holborn


. On Wednesday evening, the 11th of October, between seven and eight o'clock, these things hung on a chair in the room; we were alarmed by a stack of chimnies falling; I snatched the child out of bed, ran into the court, leaving the room and street doors open, and in about five minutes there came a second crash, two doors off- we ran further off, and in about ten minutes I returned for my shawl, to cover the child, and it was gone; the prisoner is quite a stranger - I saw him in custody with the shawl under his coat.


                  GEORGE 
                  BROWN
               



            . I live in Whetstone-park. I heard some houses were falling - I went out; Mrs. Harvey said she had been robbed, and in half a minute I saw the prisoner brought back; he said he had not been in the house, and had nothing about him; he partly took his hat off, and I saw something in it - Mrs. Harvey knocked it off, and the coat was found in it; the shawl was at the back of his coat; he was very impertinent, and knocked out the watchman's light.


                  MICHAEL 
                  SHINE
               



            . I am a watchman, and took him in charge; he struck me, knocked my light out, and got from me about a yard, and was then secured.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was looking for a man who lived there, and found the things on the stairs.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
