





688. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of April
, the sum of 9 s. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Hill
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a watch-gilder
, and live in Great Sutton-street, Clerkenwell. On the morning of the 8th of April, after two o'clock, I was returning from my master's house, in Duke's-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields. I had been to Trinity-square part of the way home with a friend. I had business with my master, which kept me late. I was quite sober. In passing through White-cross-street


 I met this woman; she wanted me to go home with her. I said I had a home of my own. I had got my hand in my right-hand pocket with my silver in my hand; I let go of it and took my hand out, in order to disengage myself from her, as she had hold of me; I did not perceive her hand in my pocket; but the instant she turned from me I missed my silver - there was 10 s. 6 d.; 1 s. and 6 d. were left; I lost 9 s. among which was a half crown. Nobody was near enough to do it but her. I took her to the watch-house, and gave her in charge, stating what money I had lost. She denied having it, and said she had no money. The officer found it on her - there was a half crown, 5 s. and three sixpences. She had no more money.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARTRIDGE
               



            . I am constable of the night. The prisoner was brought in by Hill; he said he had lost 9 s., among which was a half crown piece. I asked her if she had the money? She said she had none whatever about her. I searched her, and in her right-hand pocket I found a half crown piece, 2 s. and a 6 d., and down her bosom I found 3 s. and two sixpences. She said next morning that the prosecutor gave her part of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
