





1157. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GERRARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of July
, two silver pepper castors, value 2 l. 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        William Guest 
                        Read
                     



                   and 
                     
                        George Bugh 
                        Topping
                     



                  , in their dwelling-house
            .
WILLIAM GUEST READ. I keep the Old Slaughter Coffee-house, in the parish of St. Martin in the Fields





. I am in partnership with 
               
                  George 
                  Bugh
               



             Topping; we both live in the house. We lost two pepper castors on the evening of the 12th of July - they were on the table at dinner time. I was not at home at the time of the robbery. I do not know their value, as I did not buy them.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOLEY
               



            . I am a waiter at the Coffee-house. On the 12th of July, about eleven o'clock at night, I saw the castors on the side-board. I found the prisoner in the parlour about half-past eleven o'clock, and asked what he wanted; he made some confused answer, which I could not understand. Mr. Osborne came over and secured him - he searched him in my presence; but found nothing on him.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Was he not going into the house, and not coming out - A. He was coming out of the parlour door. After he was searched, he said, he came to tell us the house was being robbed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OSBORNE
               



            . I keep a public-house opposite Slaughter's Coffee-house. On the 12th of July, I followed Austin, who had informed me that a man had gone in at the prosecutor's window - I saw the prisoner looking out from the parlour door down the passage. I went in and secured him - I searched, but found nothing particular on him. I asked how he came there; he said he understood there was a robbery going on, and came to inform them - this was after I had secured him. I asked why he came in at the window if he came to give information; he made no reply.


                  THOMAS 
                  AUSTIN
               



            . I live near the Coffee-house. I was informed somebody had entered the window - I went to the door, and saw a man's arm out at the window, with a pair of candlesticks. I saw two men outside; thinking them concerned, I looked about for assistance. I did not see the men take anything; but they ran off on my calling Osborne. I saw the prisoner secured inside. If any onehad come out of the parlour window I must have seen them.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOLEY
               



             re-examined. I saw the castors on the side-board at eleven o'clock, and missed them immediately he was secured. He gave me no alarm of a robbery - there was no light in the room. Some candlesticks were moved from one table in the room, and placed on another table near the window. Nobody but the prisoner was in the room.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Were the castors separate or on a stand - A. Separate - he could have put them in his pocket.
Prisoner. I leave it to my Counsel.
GUILTY. Aged 18.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Best.
