





1781. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  JOHNSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of July
, 1 watch, value 12s.; 1 chain, value 2s.; 1 seal, value 2d., and a key, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Thackara
                     




                   from his person
            .
JOHN THACKARA. I have been at a Telegraph station
 for nineteen years. On the 3d of July I was at the corner of Water-lane, Fleet-street


, about eleven o'clock in the morning; the brass-founder's procession was passing, the crowd carried me off the pavement, almost under the carriage wheels - I did not miss my watch till I was told of it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MARIMAN
               



            . I am a printer. I was at the end of Salisbury-square - the procession was going by - I saw the prisoner and another man forcing the prosecutor towards the curb-stone; I saw the prisoner with a silver watch in his hand, but did not see him take it; the officer came up, and tried to grasp him and the other man - he pushed them towards the houses - the prisoner was secured on the spot.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Might there not be a mistake as to who took it, in the crowd? A. I was so near, I am certain he had it.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am a City officer. I was on the opposite side, near Shoe-lane, and saw this old gentleman stagger off the curb - I crossed, and saw three men with their hands joined together; I suspected them, and spread out my arms - they went against the windows, and broke the glass, and the watch fell from one of them; the prisoner was taken to the watch-house; the prosecutor claimed the watch which I picked up.
Cross-examined. Q. Can you say it was in the prisoner's hand? A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LANGLEY
               



            . I am a printer, and was walking in the procession. I saw the prosecutor stagger - I saw the officer run over, and fall through the window with the prisoner - I think the prisoner dropped the watch, but I am near sighted, and cannot swear to him - it dropped near his feet; I told the Alderman I saw him drop it, but on consideration, I cannot be positive - four persons were between us; I think he was the man.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was following the procession; there was a great crowd - I was wedged in and could not stir - somebody laid hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
