






1346. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  GREENLEY
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MEARS
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Colquhoun
                     




                  , Esq
,, on the 24th of April
, at St. Clement Danes


, and stealing therein 1 hat, value 5s.; 1 pair of boots, value 15s., and 7 pairs of trowsers, value 20s., his property
            .
MR. JAMES COLQUHOUN. I am a student of law
. On the 24th of April I left my chambers in Lincoln's-inn-fields


 locked, about half past four o'clock - I returned at a quarter past seven o'clock; I found the doors of my sitting-room and bed-room open, and the books and clothes in confusion - I missed my hat from the table, a pair of boots, seven pairs of trowsers, and a great deal of other property; I found a hat, which was not mine, on the table, and the chisel, which I gave the officer - I do not know what parish my chambers are in.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a police officer. I took Greenley on the 16th or 17th of May; I found this hat on his head; it has Mr. Colquhoun's address in it - I went and gave him the information; I then went to Mears' lodging, and found these boots.

Cross examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When was the robbery? A. On the 24th of April - I did not find them till the 16th or 17th of May.


                  GEORGE 
                  GRAVES
               



            . I am an officer. I went to search Mears' lodging, and found these boots.


                  RALPH 
                  JOHN MASON
               



            . I am a boot-maker. I made these boots for Mr. Colquhoun.
MEARS' Defence. My daughter brought these boots home on the 9th of May; I supposed they belonged to her.
Mears received a good character.
GREENLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. (See p. 612.)
MEARS - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 52.
Of stealing only. - Mears 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
