






406. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  REEVES
               




             and 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  CUMBER
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of February
, three seals, value 11 l., the goods of 
                     
                        David 
                        Gass
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .
DAVID GASS. I am a jeweller
, and live in Oxford-street


. On the 8th of February the prisoners came to my shop, about six o'clock in the evening - we had one or two lamps lighted; they came in arm-in-arm, and said they wanted to look at some gold seals. Cumber first addressed me, and said "The reason of my not coming back," (for an article which he named, but I forget what,) "was, the lady suited herself before she got home." They then asked to look at the seals, and I shewed them a tray of seals. Reeves looked at them, while Cumber stood at some little distance staring me in the face; he came once or twice to the counter and asked some questions about the price, and other things. I saw Reeves conceal a seal in his hand: I immediately removed the tray. Cumber then came up to his companion and pushed him on the elbow, and muttered something to him. Reeves then opened his hand, with the seal in it, and enquired the price of it. I took it out of his hand and put it out of the way. Two seals which he had before looked at, then laid close to my body, at a distance from them. Reeves then desired me to send those two to No. 15, Lincoln's-Inn-fields to his father, who kept a druggist's shop. They were then retiring from the counter. I then told them they did not wish to buy seals, but came to steal them. I immediately told my young man to go round and shut the door. Reeves then came close up to the counter, and leaned over it for a minute or two; he then turned round, and dropped three seals on the counter where he had been leaning. I am quite sure there were no seals on the counter just before, as I had removed them, suspecting their design. The officer took them into custody. I went to No. 15, Lincoln's-Inn-fields, and found there was no such person. The seals cost me 11 l. odd.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Are you sure Reeves did not mention the name of any street near Lincoln's-Inn-fields? A. No; I wrote it down immediately, and am sure I am right. There was no handkerchief or cloth on the counter when I saw the three seals there: there were two seals near me on the counter. There were perhaps two or three hundred seals in the box - he had asked the price of several, and of one of the three which were laid on the counter.


                  EDWARD 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. Gass. I was not present when the prisoners came into the shop, but was afterwards; my master desired me to shut the the door, for the purpose of detaining them. I am certain the counter was clear of seals at the time I went round to shut the door; the prisoners were then at a short distance from the counter. I saw the three seals on the counter as soon as I turned round from shutting the door - there was a pocket handkerchief lying on the counter at some distance, belonging to one of them - the seals could not have been shaken from that handkerchief on the glass, without our hearing them.


                  ANGELIUS 
                  BERTRAND
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoners. I found 10 1/4 d. on Reeves, a mourning ring and a tooth-pick. I found nothing on Cumber.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CUMBER'S Defence. I met the prisoner Reeves in Oxford-street, who invited me to take a walk. He told me he was going to buy a seal, and as soon as we got to the shop, he said "I think I can get suited at this shop," I accordingly went in, and my feelings was severely wounded at what transpired - I declare I am innocent.
REEVES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
CUMBER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
