






1803. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  RUSH
               




             and 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  CLEMENTS
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, 1 lb. of tea, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  Yarrow
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SEAL
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Yarrow, a grocer
, of King-street, Snow-hill


. On Saturday, the 14th of October, Rush came into the shop and asked for a quarter lb. of sugar; a pound of tea stood on the counter, tied up, when he came in; he had a sack on his arm, which he rested on the counter close to the tea. I observed Clements pass the shop-door while he was there, but I did not observe him take any notice - I served Rush with the sugar, which came to 11/2d., and just as he got to the door I missed the tea - I immediately ran out and took him, walking with Clements, about thirty yards from the shop; I saw the tea in his right-hand, and saw him give it to Clements, who put it under his arm, under his coat, but not to conceal it. I asked him for the tea; he gave it to me without hesitation, saying, "That man told me to hold it." Rush immediately ran off - I took hold of Clements, and gave him to Mr. Young, while I followed Rush as far as the Cock public-house in Hosier Lane, and there lost him - I went with the officers, about half-past ten o'clock, to the Anchor public-house, Saffron-hill, and found him there, and was certain of his person.

GEO. THOMAS HANNINGTON
            . I am a constable. I took charge of Clements, with the tea; he said he knew nothing of the person who gave it to him. I went with Seal to the Anchor that night; he pointed out Rush directly, and never expressed a doubt of him.
Prisoner RUSH. Q. Was I not laying my head down on the table? A. Yes, he was intoxicated; it was eleven o'clock at night.
WILLIAM SEAL. I have no mark on the tea; I had packed it up for a customer.


                  GEORGE 
                  GODFREY
               



            . I went with Hannington to the Anchor - Seal pointed Rush out.
RUSH's Defence. I was out selling apples from ten o'clock till half-past eight; I then went home, had tea, and went to the Anchor; some gentlemen came in and took me, and on Monday, to my surprise, I found it was for a pound of tea.
RUSH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CLEMENTS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
