





1013. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BRYANT, alias 
BRODIE





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        James Henry Wolfonden 
                        Johnson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES HENRY WOLFONDEN JOHNSON. On the night of the 25th of April I was in the Strand


, about nine o'clock- I felt a pull at my pocket - I turned round and saw the prisoner close behind me with my handkerchief in his hand - a scuffle took place between us, and he got away; I raised a cry and followed him - I took him at the corner of Bedford-street, which is about twenty or thirty yards from Castle-court - the officer came up, and he was searched - the handkerchief was not found on him - I have never seen it since; I had used it a short time before.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you not lost sight of him? A. No; he turned some corners; I was close to him, and never lost sight of him: he ran up Castle-court and turned into Chandos-street, and then into Bedford-street; I did not see him drop it; I fancy he dropped it in the scuffle.


                  GEORGE 
                  DUCHEY
               



            . I was in the Strand, walking with Mr. Johnson, when he caught hold of the prisoner, and said"You have got my handkerchief;" and I saw a handkerchief in his hand - a scuffle ensued and the prisoner tore away - he ran a little way up the Strand, along Castle-court, Chandos-street, and then to Bedford-street, where he was taken.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you see the handkerchief dropped? A. No; I was about two yards behind my friend, and he was about two yards behind the prisoner, while he was running.


                  JAMES 
                  CARDER
               



            . I was in the Strand on the 25th of April, a little before nine o'clock; I heard the cry of Stop thief! opposite to me; I saw the prisoner run along the Strand, and up Castle-court, followed by the two witnesses - I followed him, and at the corner of Bedford-street there was a scuffle; I went up and took him.
Prisoner. Q. You say you overtook me at the corner of Bedford-street - did not you meet me there? A. No; I was behind him, but his face was turned towards me in running - I was close to him; he saw I was coming after him, and he said "What do you want, Sir."
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking from Northampton-street down Maiden-lane with a female - we heard a cry of Stop thief! and a person ran by us - Johnson came up and said he was officer, and took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
