





626. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     HOWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzling four sovereigns, which he received on account of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , his employer
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS, conducted the prosecution.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a flour factor
, and live in London Wall; I have a brewery in Surrey. The latter end of last year, the prisoner was my collecting clerk
, it was his duty to receive money for me, he was to account to me every night, and was to enter daily in this book the sums he received; I have his entry of the 26th of January; there is no entry of the 4 l. received from 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Temple
               



            , on that day, or any other time; Temple owed me 4 l. - I parted with the prisoner a day or two after.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not send a gentleman to meet me - A. Yes, that was about a week after; he gave him a list of the debts he was deficient in, which amounted to 30 l., and said, if I would not prosecute him, when he got a situation he would repay me, I sent him word that as he bore a good character before, I should not promise not to prosecute him, but if he behaved well where he was going I would not. (looking at a receipt) this is his writing, I did not take him up but found him in custody.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TEMPLE
               



            . I was indebted to Mr. Smith 4 l.; the prisoner called for it several times, and at last I paid him four sovereigns, and produce the receipt he wrote me for it.
(read).
Prisoner's Defence. I always wished to settle by instalments.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
