





1482. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROOKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of June
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 1 watch chain, value 30s.; 3 seals, value 3l., and 1 watch-key, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Simpkin
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  SIMPKIN
               



            . On the 25th of June, I dined at the Eyre Arms tavern, St. John's-wood


; when I came out at night I turned to the right, to ask a hackney-coachman what he would take us to Oxford-street for, as one of my friends, who was deputy-chairman of the meeting, was tipsy; while I was speaking the prisoner came in front of me, and took my watch - I caught hold of him, and said, "You villain, you have got my watch;" others came up at the time, but I did not let the prisoner go till I gave him to the officer -I did not get the watch; it was passed away some how.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILIPS. Q.What are you? A. A plumber
. My wife and some other ladies came to the tavern that evening; I was sober - there were persons passing in and out of the tavern, but this was about six yards from the door: my wife came up to me as he got the watch, and I saw his hand pass, but I did not see the watch go; the deputy-chairman did not join our party till about eight o'clock, when he came down to the garden,where our wives came to have a walk - I went there at half-past two; there were four of us, and we had four bottles of sherry - some of it was left, and some given away; we then took light sherry again - I think not more than four bottles in all - there could not be more than five; the deputy-chairman joined us about seven o'clock, but he sat down while we walked round the gardens.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I was in the passage, and the prosecutor had hold of the prisoner; I went up to him - the prisoner said he knew nothing about it; the prosecutor was sober.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he appear as if he had been drinking nothing? A. I should not expect he would go there and drink nothing; the lady said she could not identify the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
