






204. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LEE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JABEZ 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of November
, 1 tea-kettle, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Stewart
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  FOGG
               



            . I am a Thomas Police-constable. On Friday, the 13th of November, between five and six o'clock in the evening, I saw Phillips in the shop of Mr. Stewart, a coppersmith
, in Cable-street


, and Lee was walking by the door; I saw Phillips hand out this kettle to Lee - I took Phillips, and my brother took Lee.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. What distance was Philips from Lee? A. He was talking to him for some time; he was walking sometimes, and then he stood and talked to him.
JAMES FOGG. I am a Thames Police-constable. I had had some conversation with Mr. Stewart, and went to the shop; I saw Lee and another boy walking backwards and forwards, and Phillips working in the shop, and now and then he came to the door and spoke to Lee - I told my brother to go one way, and I would go the other; in a few minutes I saw Lee come along with this kettle - I caught him; I did not see who he got it from - he said a boy had given it, him. and had ran away; I took him to the Ship, and asked if Phillips was the boy - he said No;he afterwards told his sister at the office, that Phillips gave it him, while he put his coat on.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not he say Phillips gave it him to take to a person? A. No; there is no window to the shop - it is a half sash, and the door was closed; he could see what Phillips was doing when he stopped - he spoke to him two or three times.


                  JOHN 
                  STEWART
               



            . This is my kettle; Phillips was in my employ - I had seen it in the morning when I went out; when I came back, the place, where it had stood was vacant.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen that kettle in the morning? A. I saw the shelf full; I do not know that I I had seen this - if one had been sold, I should have been told of it; I have, I suppose, a hundred kettles - they are all marked.
Phillips' Defence. I was not at work; I never work after six o'clock at night; it was a quarter-past six - I went up for my jacket; I put it on, and called my mate Dick - while I was calling him the gentleman came in, and said, "Who gave this boy a kettle;" I said, "What kettle?" he said, "You gave the boy a kettle;" I said No, and he put on the handcuffs, and took me to the watch-house - if I had robbed my master, it was easy to escape.
Lee received a good character.
LEE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Whipped
             and Discharged.
PHILLIPS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
