






972. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  BROWN
               



             and 
               
                  ISAAC 
                  CLAPHAM
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        William Henry 
                        Deedes
                     




                  , from his person
            .
CLAPHAM 


               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
MR. WILLIAM HENRY DEEDES. I am a Government officer at the board of Commissioners
. On the 1st of March, at three o'clock I was opposite St. James' Church, Piccadilly


; I had a handkerchief in my coat pocket - I did not miss it till the officer produced it; the prisoner was then about two yards from me - there was rather a crowd as the Welch children were going to church.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 1st of March, about half-past two o'clock, I was in Piccadilly, and saw the prisoner attempting several people's pockets; I saw them close on the prisoner - Clapham took something from his pocket; I seized him, and he dropped it immediately - Brown had covered him; I had followed them from Gray's-Inn-lane with the procession.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you mean to say you saw Brown touch any pocket? A. No.


                  DANIEL 
                  REARDON
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Thompson and saw the prisoners together - Clapham tried several gentlemen's pockets; the prisoner covered him - they were in company together; as the prosecutor came along they closed upon him - Clapham took the handkerchief and was handing it to the prisoner, we took them both.
Cross-examined. Q. Had Brown touched it at all? A. No; I have made enquiry about him, he is not known to the officers at all.(Property produced and sworn to.)
BROWN'S Defence. I was going on an errand; I saw the procession and got up by the church - the constables told the mob to stand back, and they took me.
BROWN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
