







400. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FLETCHER
                  



               
             & 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MARSHALL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of December
, 1 blanket, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Davis
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am the wife of Joseph Davis. The prisoners came to lodge at my house on the 19th of December, and were to give me 5s. 6d. per week - they had been but about two hours in my room, and were in and out a good deal; I began to be suspicious that they did not bring the goods they had said they would, and set my daughter to watch them - Marshall went and pawned a counterpane belonging to Mrs. Kemsley, and then she went and pawned a blanket of mine.


                  MARTIN 
                  SUTTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. This blanket, which is claimed by Mrs. Davis, was pawned with me by the female prisoner, on the evening of the 19th of December.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  CORNFORTH
               



            . I am the daughter of Mrs. Davis. She told me to watch the female prisoner - I followed her to the pawnbroker's, and never lost sight of he till she went in there.


                  MARY 
                  DAVIS
               



             re-examined. Q. Was the man in the room when the woman went out? A. I believe he shaved himself, and went out after her - I went up just before, and saw him shaving himself; she had the key of the room when she returned - there is a private door, and we were in the shop; she told me she did it by his desire.
JURY. Q. Did you have any reference? A.She told me she came from a good way off - I think Hampstead-road, and said she was going to bring in a mahogany table and a chest of drawers.
Marshall put in a written Defence, pleading extreme poverty, and stating that she has been respectably situated in life.
MARSHALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FLETCHER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
