





1266. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SEARLE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of April
, 4 sovereigns, 1 half-crown, 3 shillings, 3 sixpences, and 1 purse, value 1d. the property of 
                     
                        Andrew 
                        Brown
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ANDREW BROWN. I am a master tailor
; I live at No. 37, Worship-street. On the evening of the 28th of April I went to the Flower Pot public-house, in Bishopsgate-street, about ten or half-past ten o'clock, with a friend, and saw the prisoner standing at the bar; I am in the habit of going to that house sometimes - my friend is not here; he is driver of a Hackney stage; I went in to treat him - we had three pints of ale and a glass of Scotch whiskey; I took four sovereigns and a half from a purse in my pocket, and changed the half sovereign to pay - I put the change and the sovereigns into my left-hand trousers pocket again; we were there about three quarters of an hour, but did not sit down; my friend got on his stage, and I went towards home - the prisoner followed me; he stood at my right hand in the house, and saw me take out my money; I was not drunk, but had taken more than usual - we had no conversation; it struck eleven o'clock when I got to the end of Worship-street


, within a few yards of my own door; I saw him sometimes behind me and sometimes at my side - I was rising to get on the high curb of the pavement, my foot slipped, and I fell; the prisoner pretended to help me up - he put his hand into my pocket, took out the four sovereigns and the silver; I am quite certain he is the man - the watchman was coming towards me, and said, "Mr. Brown, is that you?" I said, Yes; he said to the prisoner,"I think, young man, you will be wanted;" the prisoner then ran, the watchman followed, and sprung his rattle; the first watchman in Shoreditch met him, and brought him back in a very few minutes.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you not meet him on Fish-street-hill? A. I never saw him there; I had been to Dock-head on business; I was in the Tailors Arms public-house at Shad Thames - I had a pint of half-and-half and a glass of gin and water; I was in no other public-house; I cut my purse open at the Flower Pot because it was in a knot, and I could not open it - I had no other money: I did not fall down before; I was not insensibly drunk - I did not speak to the prisoner, nor he to me: I did not give him my money to keep.


                  STEPHEN 
                  RENO
               



            . I am the watchman. I saw the prosecutor sitting down, and the prisoner sitting on his left-hand side, with his hand in Mr. Brown's trouser's pocket; Mrs. Brown came out of her door - I asked her if he had any money, she said, Yes; the prisoner was going away - I said, "You had better stop, we shall want you;" he then ran - I pursued, and sprung my rattle; Meadows stopped him; I came up; he kneeled down, gave his arm a fling, and I heard something sound like money; I looked down, and took up two sovereigns and half a crown close to him; I took him to the watch-house with difficulty, for some of his gang tried to trip us up.
Cross-examined. Q. Did your brother watchman see him throw the money away? A. Yes; the prisoner was sober, Brown was very drunk; he looked as if he had sat down of his own accord; I did not stop to lift him up, as I ran after the prisoner; I think he was not sober enough to know what he did - he was just able to walk.


                  ELEAZER 
                  MEADOWS
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner running: I stopped him in Shoreditch.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see Brown? A. No; I did not notice the money picked up, nor hear it fall - I was at the corner of King's Head-court; I did not notice that he stooped - I was sober, and so was Reno.
STEPHEN RENO. I have the money here; I told the watch-house-keeper I had got it.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you sober? A. Yes; I had drank nothing but water.
JURY. Q. you saw the prisoner's hand in Brown's pocket? A. Yes, in his left-hand trousers pocket; he was about three yards off when Mrs. Brown came out - I thought at first he was Brown's friend; I was hardly ayard from him when he was stopped - he ran above one hundred yards, and kept dodging us.
ELEAZER MEADOWS. Reno was about the length of this Court off when I took the prisoner.
COURT. Q. How far had the prisoner ran from Brown's door when he was taken? A. Rather more than the length of this Court; Reno was not above a yard off when I took the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  CLAYTON
               



            . I am the watch-house-keeper. The prisoner was brought in, with the money which Reno said he had picked up by the side of the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
