





1508. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  PITCHER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of June
, 2 planes, value 6s.; 1 saw, value 2s.; 1 hammer, value 1s.; 1 basket, value 6d., and 1 apron, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Haselgrove
                     



                  ; 1 plane, value 3s.; 1 screw-driver, value 2s.; 1 hammer, value 1s.; 1 oil-stone, value 1s., and 1 square, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Norris
                     



                  ; and 1 axe, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Martin
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  NICKELLS
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 8th of June, at half-past three o'clock in the morning, I went behind the houses in Liverpool-street, Battle-bridge, and saw the prisoner coming over the wall, with a basket of tools- he walked towards me, set them down, and turned his back to me - I told him to take them up and come with me- he took up a screw-driver to strike me - I fenced it off with my staff, and told him to come with me - as we went over a plank I fell off, either from the shaking of the plank, or his striking me, and he ran; I got up and followed him till he was stopped - there was nobody running but him and the watchman.


                  GEORGE 
                  BASSET
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and stopped the prisoner, who was running.


                  JOHN 
                  HUTT
               



            . I am watch-house-keeper, and received him with the tools - I found a square and apron in his pocket - he said they belonged to the tools.
THOMAS HASELGROVE. I am a carpenter
. This plane and some other tools are mine - I had left them in a new house in Liverpool-street


, about six o'clock the evening before - the back door, which was broken open, had been bolted with two wooden bolts.
THOMAS NORRIS. I am a carpenter
. Here are my tools, which were left in the same house.
GEORGE MARTIN. I left this axe in the house; the tool-chest has been broken open with it, as the marks correspond.
Prisoner's Defence. The basket was in the yard - I did not go into the house for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
