





1250. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SLATER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Russell
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS RUSSELL. On the 28th of April I was going down St. Martin's-lane


, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I felt something touch my hip - I put my hand to my pocket and missed my handkerchief; I turned, and the prisoner passed me; I looked at a man who was behind me, a stouter man than myself - he looked and smiled; I looked after the prisoner, and saw him take off his cap and put something into it; a boy said, "Excuse me, Sir, but a boy has picked your pocket;" I said, "I thought so;" I then went after the prisoner but lost sight of him; I came back and met the other boy, who told me where the prisoner was gone; I went to the ruins and saw a number of boys, who said, "Here comes the man with the white hat."
STEWART MACDONALD. I was coming down St. Martin's-lane, and saw the prisoner lift up the tail of Mr. Russell's coat; Mr. Russell stopped, and then he let the coat go, and went on the lamp post; the prosecutor then went as far as the watch-house, and then the prisoner took the handkerchief out of his pocket - I am sure he is the boy.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BODY
               



            . I am thirteen years of age. I was going to play, and picked up this handkerchief in the passage of our house, down a turning in Chandos-street - I gave it to my mother.


                  MARY 
                  BODY
               



            . My son brought this handkerchief to me one Monday evening; I kept it till Mr. Russell and the officer came.
JOHN GROOM. On the 5th of May I received this handkerchief from Body, in Round-court-passage, Chandos-street; I took the prisoner; when he saw the witness and me together he ran away - but McDonald said he took the handkerchief and he was taken.(Property produced and sworn to.)
MR. RUSSELL. I do not know what he put into his cap, but he went between the church and the new buildings.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
