






1111. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HOLLINGTON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BREELING
                  




               
             were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of May
, 7 fixtures, i.e. 4 glazed sashes, value 3l.; I stove, value 10s.; and 2 stove covings, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Gray
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building; against the Statute, &c
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MONK
               



            . I live opposite Mr. Gray's houses- I saw Hollington going over the wall twenty minutes after six o'clock; he came back with something under his apron - there was another man outside, near one of the other houses; they joined in company - I told Guy of it, and went to find Mr. Gray; Guy pursued the men- I cannot say whether the other was Breeling or not.
EDWARD 
               
                  JAMES 
                  GUY
               



            . In consequence of what Monk said, I pursued two men who ran away; I saw they had a bundle, which was thrown down in Jubilee-place; it was these covings; I saw the two prisoners taken to the public-house.
Prisoner BREELING. Q. Did you see me with this prisoner? A. Not when you passed me - when they were taken they were both together; I called out, "Stop him in the white jacket."
COURT. Q. When Mr. Monk told you, did you see two men running? A. No; only Hollington, who had a white jacket on then - I afterwards saw another man join him.
JOHN STEVENSON. I saw the prisoner; I stopped Hollington myself, and saw the other stopped - I saw them coming up the street, with a parcel between them.


                  THOMAS 
                  STIMSON
               



            . I saw Hollington stopped; Breeling was taken into the half-way house before I got in -I have seen Hollington before about the field; I have compared these irons to Mr. William Gray's place-they fit exactly.
HOLLINGTON'S Defence. I got up to go to work; I saw the pales broken down, and these pieces of iron lying there - I took them, and heard the cry of Stop thief!

BREELING'S Defence. I was going to work; I heard a cry of Stop thief! and they took me.
HOLLINGTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
BREELING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
