







827. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  M'COWLEY
               




            , 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     WYATT
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     ROONEY
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of May
, a handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thornley
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Thornley
                        



                     
                  , spinster

.


                  JOHN 
                  THORNLEY
               



            . I live in Skinner-street, Somer's-town. On the 3d of May, in the afternoon, my daughter Ann, who is three years old, went out with my nephew.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DEARMAN
               



            . I am fourteen years old. I was with my cousin Ann - we went out between five and six o'clock, to go to Tottenham Court-road - she had a handkerchief on her neck, tied behind, and in the New-road, opposite Euston-square


, the prisoner Rooney told me the child had dropped her bread and butter; I picked it up, and gave it her, and almost directly Rooney went behind, and the other prisoners came one on each side of me -
"Jack in the green" was close by, and there was a mob. I saw Rooney take the handkerchief off her neck, and run off into the middle of the road - I do not know what became of the others, for I let go of the child, and ran after him. The officer took him directly, and found the handkerchief inside his jacket. The others were taken in five minutes - they must have seen him take it.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you see him take it - A. No. I saw the officer take it out of his bosom.
COURT. Q. You said you saw him take it - A. I saw him running away with it in his hand. I did not see him put it into his bosom.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I am a constable. I was in company with Thompson and Goodhall - we followed M'Cowley and Wyatt for nearly an hour; the prisoners were all three together in the New-road. I saw the child with Dearman, and saw M'Cowley and Wyatt standing behind them - I could not see Rooney at that moment. The handkerchief was taken in a moment; I could not see by which of them, but saw it come from the child's neck all at once, and saw it in possession of Rooney, took him five or six yards from the child, and found the handkerchief in his bosom. Thompson and Goodhall secured the other two.
Cross-examined. Q. Rooney was not with them at first - A. No. I am sure the handkerchief was never thrown down. I saw him put it in his bosom.


                  JAMES 
                  GOODHALL
               



            . I was with Colton, and saw him take Rooney - we had followed the other two for an hour. I had seen Rooney dancing about with other boys, but not with them. I took Wyatt about thirty yards from the spot - Colton pointed to him.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I was with the witnesses, and watched M'Cowley and Wyatt for an hour. I did not see this transaction. Colton called out, and I took M'Cowley about five yards from the spot. Somebody threw a stone at Colton, and made his mouth bleed, while he held Rooney. We had a great difficulty to secure them.
M'COWLEY'S Defence. I had been following the sweeps for two hours, saw a row, and ran up, when they took me.
ROONEY'S Defence. These two and two others took the handkerchief off the child's neck, and threw it into the road - I thought it no harm to pick it up, and was bringing it to the boy, when I was taken.
WYATT'S Defence. I was talking to my brother, when they laid hold of me; it was ten minutes after the others were taken.
M'COWLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
WYATT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
ROONEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
