






312. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HARDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Gibbon
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Evans
                        



                     
                   (the said 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Gibbon
                     



                   and others being therein), about two o'clock in the afternoon of the 22d of December
, and stealing 1 handkerchief, value 4s. 6d.
            , their property.


                  RALPH 
                  NEWTON BROADBENT
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gibbon
               



             and 
               
                  David 
                  Evans
               



            , who are linen-drapers

, and live in Marchmont-street


; only one of them resides in the house. On the 22d of December, about half-past two o'clock, I was folding some prints at the door, and heard the window break; I ran out, and saw the prisoner with this silk handkerchief in his hand, which had been in the window just before, and the window was quite whole - two other boys were running with him; I followed him down Compton-street - he turned on seeing me, and dropped the handkerchief, which was taken up, and given to me; he was stopped, without getting out of my sight, and given in charge.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is the person here who picked it up? A. No. I had seen the prisoner at the window twice before on that day, and recollected him.


                  MICHAEL 
                  WHITTY
               



            . I am street-keeper. I received him in charge with the handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 15.




               Of stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
