





415. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     EMMERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
MR. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JEPSON
                  




               
            . I am a spice and drug-broker
, and live in Cannon-street


; the prisoner was my clerk
, and had been two months in my service. He was employed to receive monies on my account, and ought to pay them over to me daily, as he received them. On the 29th of January he absconded without my knowledge, and on the 9th of February I received this letter from him, which I know to be his writing - (read).
SIR,
HAVING received several sums of money, and not having accounted properly for them, I beg to inform you that I have supplied a countryman of mine, who is in the King's Bench; he deceived me with promises of payment every week, but has deceived me. I have to inform you that I have an assignment of 250, which I will not part with till I have received all that I have lent. I hope next week to be able to refund you the sum of 32: 14: 4, which is your just demand upon me; I have now received 12: 13: 7, which I will settle on Monday. Having so much deceived you, you need not wonder at my leaving, which I should not have done but for the disgrace.


                  GEORGE 
                  CHAPPLE
               



            . I live in Ray-street, Clerkenwell, On the 20th of January, I paid the prisoner three 1 l. notes. and 5 s. 7 d. for Mr. Jepson.
MR. JEPSON re-examined. The prisoner never accounted to me for this sum. He mentioned it in a list of what he says he owes me.


                  RICHARD 
                  MEAD
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Coutts, who are bankers in the Strand. Our clerk, who is in the country, paid the prisoner 207 l. 5 s. 10 d. I produce the prisoner's receipt.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
