







1584. 
               
                  ABRAHAM 
                  ISAACS
               




            , 
               
                  DAVID 
                  MOSES
               




            , and 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  BARNETT
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of May
, 1 pocket-book, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Alfred Benjamin 
                        Elkin
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On the 2d of May, between four and five o'clock, I and Fowler were in Whitechapel


, and saw the prisoners near the church, in company; Mr. Elkin was with another young gentleman and Mr. Levy - I watched the prisoners as far as Aldgate church, following the prosecutor; when they got near Aldgate church they all closed upon him - I said to Fowler, "They have done it;" and as I ran across the road I saw Moses with the pocket-book in his hand, putting it under his coat - when he saw me he lifted up his coat and let it fall; I picked it up, secured him, and dragged him after the prosecutor. Fowler secured another, and called Stop thief! the other was then taken.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you see Barnett touch the prosecutor? A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I was with Keys, and saw the three prisoners walking behind the prosecutor; they made several attempts - we followed them, and concealed our red waistcoats as well as we could; just opposite Aldgate church Barnett went on, then turned, and met the prosecutor; the other two were just behind - they closed altogether, and I saw them hustle Mr. Elkin; I saw Moses put his coat up, and then put something into his own breast - we both ran across the road, and Moses dropped the pocket-book, which Keys took up, and secured him: I took Barnett, and called Stop thief! after Isaacs, who was taken in a few minutes.
Cross-examined. Q. Is it true that Barnett did not touch the prosecutor? A. I saw him touch him - he closed upon him; my brother officer was with me, but might not see it.
ALFRED BENJAMIN ELKIN. I was near Aldgate church, and had a pocket-book in my left side pocket; I did not observe any of the prisoners near me. The officers produced my book; I did not know it was taken.
WILLIAM RILEY. I was at Aldgate, heard a cry of Stop thief! and took Isaacs.(Property produced and sworn to.)
ISAACS' Defence. I was coming from the Borough, and Riley took me.
MOSES' Defence. There was a mob - I got off the pavement, and the officer took hold of me and said,"Drop it;" I said, "What do you mean?" he took this book up.
BARNETT'S Defence. I turned to look at the clock, and he took hold of me.
ISAACS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
MOSES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
BARNETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
