





1111. 
               
                  
                     ROLAND 
                     TYLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of September
, one seal, value 7 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Lambert 
                     Gauron
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  BOWDEN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Lambert 
                  Gauron
               



            , who lives in Drury-lane


. On the 2d of September, about one o'clock, the prisoner and another man came into the shop, he went outside the window, and pointed out two seals, which he wanted to see. I shewed him one, and said it was 5 s. - he returned it. I gave him the other into his hand, and asked 10 s. for it - he told me to brush another seal up. I went to get the leather and brush, and saw him put his hand behind him, and the other man put his hand into the prisoner's hand - he had not delivered me the other seal; my master came into the shop, then the prisoner's companion asked him what a dozen seals would be - he went out immediately - the prisoner then said,
"What can you do these seals at a dozen?" My master told him, and, I believe, he grumbled. I went to get another seal, and recollected what I had seen, and told my master, that he had not returned the seal I shewed him; he stopped the prisoner - he said he had given me the seal, which was false - the officer took him. I should know the other man again. I am sure they were companions.


                  LAMBERT 
                  GAURON
               



            . I came in while the prisoner and another man were in the shop, his companion said he had come about a man who was in trouble, and asked what I could make seals at per dozen? I said 3 l. 16 s.; he said very well, he would call again on Monday, and immediately left the shop. The prisoner looked at a seal, and asked me the lowest price - I said 5 s. I asked the boy to reach a seal from the window, at 10 s. 6 d., he said he had shewn the prisoner that seal, and told me what he had seen. The prisoner said if I would let him go, he would tell me where the man was who had got the seal.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner in charge. He used great force to get away as I took him to Bow-street, and looked behind, as if he expected a companion.
Prisoner's Defence. The boy has been taken up several times for robbing his master.


                  LAMBERT 
                  GAURAN
               



            . I never charged him with robbing me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
