





941. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BACON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of April
, 68lbs. weight of leaden pipe, value 10s., and 1 fixture, (i.e.) 1 brass cock, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Rivett
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SAXTON
               



            . I am a mattress-maker. I know the building of Mr. Rivett - it is No. 19, Wellington-street, Kingsland-road


; it is a finished house, but not occupied. On the morning of the 5th of April, at a quarter-past two o'clock, I was going to bed, and heard an alarm; I opened my window, looked out, and an opposite neighbour said there were thieves in the next house - I went down, and heard the bolt of the parlour window drawn; three or four men came out of the house - I closely pursued the prisoner, who was one, and held him till the watchman came.
Prisoner. I was behind him all the way down the street; I never was in the window at all - I could not jump out. Witness. No, you were before me; I never lost sight of you - I said, "You are one of the party," and you said, "I am not."


                  JOSEPH 
                  ARNOLD
               



            . I am a watchman. The witness gave the prisoner to me; I went to the house after we came from the watch-house, and found this piece of pipe and a brass cock - they appeared to have been just cut off.


                  THOMAS 
                  FRANKLIN
               



            . I am a watchman. I went to the house, and found this pipe lying in the passage.


                  SAMUEL 
                  RIVETT
               



            . The house belongs to me, and was not occupied; I had not been there for four or five months - I had left the key next door, but the water came in on the Saturday, and it could not without this pipe; they could not have water till the pipe was put on again - the officer told me of this, and I went on the Sunday; the lead appeared fresh cut.



                  CHARLES 
                  WALLER
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I went to the house, and found this pipe and cock; the lead is fresh cut, and part of it was lying near the main-pipe in the kitchen.


                  JOHN 
                  CRICK
               



            . I live next door to the house where the lead was cut. This spoon, which was found on the prisoner, is my property - it was in my back premises; they got over the wall to cut the pipe off; the key was left at No. 20, and the pipe was cut from there and No. 19.
Prisoner's Defence (written.) I was returning home, and passing by Wellington-street, I heard the cry of Stop thief! I went down to see what was the matter, and when I had got about half way down the street, I kicked something before me; I took it up, and found it was a spoon - I put it into my pocket, and followed after them; when I had got to the top of the street, on turning round the corner, I slipped down - the witness turned round, and laid hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
