







614. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HOWLETT
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     BARRETT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of April
, one handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Alfred 
                           Nicholson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  ALFRED 
                  NICHOLSON
               



            . I live in David-street, Berkley-square. On the 2d of April, between twelve and one o'clock, I was in St. James-street


. My handkerchief was in my pocket. At the corner of Jermyn-street, I saw a crowd. I attempted to get through - it reached almost all down the street. A procession was going to the Queen. I fell in my pocket, and missed my handkerchief. The prisoners were secured instantly, and my handkerchief found.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a constable. I was stationed in St. James's-street, and saw the three prisoners, in company with another, coming up the street, close behind Mr. Nicholson, We had noticed them before for three or four minutes, close together. I saw Howlett sounding Mr. Nicholson's pocket first, and immediately a girl of the town hit him on the shoulder - the other three followed. Morris put his hand into the gentleman's pocket, and took a handkerchief out - I secured him with it.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What procession was it - A. The Odd Fellows were going to the Queen. Sounding, is feeling to see if any thing is in the pocket.


                  JAMES 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I belong to the Royal Humane Society. I saw the three prisoners, with another, coming behind the prosecutor, Howlett touched his pocket - Morris then took his handkerchief out - Barrett was close behind him, and must have seen it. I took Barrett directly - they were all together.


                  ROBERT 
                  DEAN
               



            . I am a broker, and live in the New-cut. I was in company with Jones, and saw the prisoners and another behind the prosecutor. I saw Howlett feel the pocket, and afterwards saw Morris with the handkerchief in his hand, shoving it up his jacket. We secured the three.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MASON
               



            . I am a constable, and was with the others, and received them in charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I saw the prisoners walking up St. James's-street; they were together, in company with another. I followed them, and saw Morris take the handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket, and put it up his jacket. The fourth man got away.
HOWLETT'S Defence. I was looking after work - I did not see them take it.
BARRETT'S Defence. Griffiths laid hold of me, and said,
"I have just come in time for a chance." I was standing to see the procession, but know nothing of the robbery.
HOWLETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
MORRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
BARRETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.






               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
