





962 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ROWDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of July
, 39 1/2 lbs of sugar, value 1 l. 19 s. 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . I belong to the day-patrol, near the Mansion-house. On Sunday morning the 30th of July, about a quarter past six o'clock, I stopped the prisoner in Aldersgate-street with a basket, and asked what he had got - he said it was a piece of beef - I removed the cloth which covered it, and found it was a loaf of sugar. I asked where he brought it from - he said from Messrs. Eagletons' in Newgate-street - he wished me to let him go and keep the sugar myself. I took him to Eagletons', rang the bell - nobody answered. He then said he bought it of a man at the corner of Butcherhall-lane. Mr. Smith claimed it - it weighed 20 lbs. I found more at his lodgings.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Q. I believe he keeps a small chandler's-shop - A. Yes, he has a very few things there. I had a man named Corney in custody for this felony.


                  JOHN 
                  HARKER
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Turnpenny, and confirm his statement.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live in Aldersgate-street


. I know the prisoner by sight - I never dealt with him. I saw this sugar at Guildhall on the Wednesday following - I saw two loaves, one weighed 20 lbs. which I knew to be my property - I had bought it of a wholesale grocer in Bucklersbury. On Sunday morning my carman came for the keys before six o'clock - his name is 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Cameron
               



            . On Wednesday morning I examined my stock; on the 26th of July, I had received from Messrs Rhodes and Co. Leman-street, one hundred and eleven loaves, they weighed 20 cwt. 2 qrs. and 25 lbs. On the 27th I sent thirty-two to the Albion, which would leave seventy-nine, we sold no more afterwards, but on Wednesday I found only seventy-seven loaves remaining, they were all marked No. 23 - there were two produced bearing that mark - I have no doubt but they are mine - it is a particularly fine sugar, and they were put in a particular paper, and remained in the same paper when found upon the prisoner.
Q. Many people come in your shop - A. Yes. I took the whole baking of the sugar-baker.


                  MICHAEL 
                  HARRIE
               



            . I am warehouseman to Messrs. Rhodes, who are sugar-bakers. The two loaves of sugar, are their manufacturing, and what I sent on the 26th of July, to Mr. Smith. None of the rest were papered except about 100 which were sent to Ireland - they are papered different from the common way - one sheet is smaller than another, which is unusual.
FRANCIS ADAMS. On the 26th of July, I delivered 126. loaves of sugar at Mr. Smith's - I saw several of the loaves papered.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I keep a coal-shed and chandler's shop in Hatfield-street. I bought it of a man in Whitecross-street, at 11 1/2 d. per pound.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
