






330. 
               
                  
                     ANTONIA 
                     DU COIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December

, seventeen pieces of sole leather, value 1 l.; one pair of boot legs, value 6 s., and 30 pieces of leather, value 15 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Roe
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     HERBERT 
                     SCANDRET
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving twelve pieces of leather, value 5 s., and ten pieces of sole leather, value 10 s., part and parcel of the said goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROE
               



            . I am a currier and leather-cutter
, and live in Air-street, Piccadilly



; Du Coin has been in my service nearly three years - He is a Spaniard, and was articled with a premium for three years - Scandret was my journeyman
. I frequently missed property, and in consequence of what 
               
                  Susan 
                  Fostick
               



             told me, I went into Du Coin's bedroom, and saw leather soles in his drawer - they had no business there; I immediately employed Plank. He came to my house in the evening, and waited in my dining-room until Du Coin usually went out, which was about half-past eight o'clock; he did not go out as usual, but went up to the dining room to supper. I told him I had long suspected him of robbing me, and was certain he had. Plank asked him about the leather that was found in the drawer? He denied having any, or knowing any thing about it. Plank told him he had been in the next room, knew what he had been about, and asked him what he had done with the leather that was in the drawer? He said he had taken it from the drawer, and put it under his bed; we went to the bedroom, turned up the bed, and pulled it out. The officer asked him what he was going to do with it? he said he was going to take them to Scandret. Plank asked him whether he had taken any to him before? He said on the Tuesday he had taken him four pieces of sole leather, that Scandret sold it, and they divided themoney. We went to search Scandret's apartments in Eden-court, Swallow-street, where we found him at home - he denied having a bit of my property in his possession. Plank searched, and when he came to a place where there was some, he said there was some there, and that it was my property. Plank asked him if he had any more? he said he had not a bit more; as soon as Plank came to where there was some more, he said there was some and it was mine. Plank found some in three different places, which Scandret said was all mine, fell on his knees, and asked me to forgive him; we took him to my house where Du Coin was. When he got there he agreed that Du Coin had brought him four pieces of sole leather, which he sold for 6 s. - they must have been good to sell at that. He said he gave Du Coin 3 s., and Du Coin spent 6 d.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Du Coin was bound to you with a premium of 150 guineas - A. Yes; I was to board him. Scandret worked at my house every day, and could steal himself if he liked.


                  SUSAN 
                  FOSTICK
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Roe. I saw something in Du Coin's drawer, which I told my master of.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



            . I am an officer. I have heard the prosecutor's account; it is correct. I found some leather in Du Coin's drawer, and some in several places in Scandret's apartments. He said he had nothing belonging to his master, but when we went into the back room he said we should find two pieces there, and more in a box, that it was the prosecutor's, and it was all he had. I asked him how he came by it? He made no answer, but went into the other room, and threw himself at his master's feet - I took him into custody, and then took him to Mr. Roe's. In our way I told him Du Coin had been robbing Mr. Roe, that he had been receiving the leather which he had stolen, and asked him if Du Coin had ever visited him? he having told me that he used to go to his house to drink tea. He said No, he never did. I took him into the room where I had left Du Coin in custody, and asked Du Coin, in his presence, what he was going to do with the leather he had taken from under his bed? He said it was to be taken up into the shop early in the morning for Scandret to take out. I asked him when he carried any to Scandret before? He said the night before last he carried four pair of soles to his house, that Scandret sold them and gave him 2 s. Scandret interrupted him, and said,
"It is false, you had 3 s., and I had 3 s. - I sold them for 6 s., and you spent 6 d. out of your 3 s." I asked Du Coin how long they had been in the practice of taking goods away in that manner? he said about six months, and that it was done to supply them with money for gin and beer in the shop, and that he sometimes took a larger quantity and sometimes a smaller. Scandret said that had been the case, but not to the quantity Du Coin had stated, and that a man named Clack first began it.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. This was about property found at the prosecutor's house - A. No, they both agreed about the four pieces of sole leather.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
DU COIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
SCANDRET - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
