





1246. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     BISHOP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of May
, 1 shawl, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        Frances 
                        Conner
                     




                  , from her person
            .
FRANCES CONNER. I am a widow
. On the 6th of May I was in Goswell-street


; I met a young man very much intoxicated, and I stopped to pursuade him to go home, because I knew he had money in his pocket; he knocked me down, and while I was down the shawl was dragged from under me - it was about eleven o'clock at night - I do not know who took it - I did not see the prisoner till I got to the watch-house; she then appeared to be in liquor.
CAROLINE JOHNSON. I saw the witness with a young man; I did not see him strike her, but I saw her on the ground - the prisoner came to me and asked me to hold her shawl while she put on the witness' shawl; I did not take it, but it fell down before me - she then took up her own shawl and put it on, and then put on the prosecutrix's shawl over her own.
Prisoner. She is an unfortunate girl like myself; she said "There is a row;" I went and found this woman on the ground; she took off her shawl and gave it me. Witness. No; I know nothing of her since she lived in service where I did.
DANIEL PAINTER. I am a watchman. I did not see what passed, but Johnson gave me some information, and I took this shawl from the prisoner in Golden-lane - I saw the prosecutrix the same night; she appeared quite sober.


                  THOMAS 
                  TOOL
               



            . I was putting up the shutters, five or six doors from the place - I saw the row and went up; I saw the prisoner take the shawl when the lady was on the ground - I met Painter, and told him of it.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
