






1553. 
               
                  THOMAS JAMES 
                  BACON
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  GARRAWAY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Mason
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES MASON. I am a baker
. On the 3d of July I was in Shoreditch


, between twelve and one o'clock - the brass founders were walking; I did not see who took my handkerchief, but I saw it in Bacon's hand, who was not five yards from me - a man behind me ran and collared him, and he threw it on the ground; I had not felt any pull at my pocket; it was quite safe when I was by Bishopsgate-church.


                  JOHN 
                  GIRTON
               



            . I was going down Shoreditch, and saw Bacon take a handkerchief out of Mason's pocket; I saw him put it into his left-hand breeches' pocket; I then saw him throw it down - another man took it up - I took hold of him, and Garraway endeavoured to throw me down to get Bacon away - I had before seen them close together- Bacon could not have taken it without Garraway seeing it; Bacon got away, and I saw no more of him till one of the officers had them in custody at Guildhall.


                  ROBERT 
                  TYRRELL
               



            . I saw the two prisoners together; Garraway was struggling with Girton, and they got away; Girton told me of the handkerchief being stolen; I said I knew them, and should see them again; I did not see them till the 11th, which was a week afterwards - they were then in Old-street; I followed them, and saw them commit a felony in Aldersgate-street; I knew Bacon, but Garraway had altered his dress, and got his hair cut short.
BACON'S Defence. I was at Reading, in Berkshire, on that day.
GARRAWAY'S Defence. I was at Clapham with my uncle.
BACON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
GARRAWAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
