





Middlesex Cases, Fourth Jury, Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1344. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     COUGHLAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of August
, fifteen planes, value 15 s., seven weights, value 7 s., and a castor, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Wright
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live in Rathbone-place; the prisoner was in my employ from the 14th to the 31st of August, during which time I missed fifteen planes; I enquired of him for a pair of planes which I wanted, he said he knew nothing about them, he pretended to look for them, and brought some others; I drew out the patterns of the planes I wanted, and he said he never saw them; I then charged him with having the others. and told him if he would tell me where they were, I would forgive him, if I got the whole of the property; he said he would if I would give him three shillings, which I refused; he then said he would if I would forgive him; he told me they were in Belton-street, Long-acre; I sent for a constable, and we went with him to a sort of smith's shop, and found three of my planes which I had seen a few days before; I paid for them, and took them away.
Prisoner. Q. On what terms did you engage me - A. He came to my shop and gave in a paper at my window, stating that he had come from an hospital, and was in distress. I enquired what work he could do, and told him to come next morning, he came, my wife gave him one shilling, and told him to go and get some refreshment. I agreed to give him a guinea a week, and find him tools.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for, and went with Wright and the prisoner to Belton-street; Mr. Wright said he did not wish to hurt the man if he could get his property back.


                  HENRY 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Berwick-street; this plane was pawned at our house on the 27th of August; I do not know who pawned it.
Prisoner's Defence Mr. Wright discharged me, and stopped 10 s. 3 d. for the tools.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
