





305. 
               
                  ELLEN 
                  SULLIVAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, twenty yards of print, value 20 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Pope
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Pope
                     



                  , privately in their shop
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Samuel and Richard Pope, who are linen-drapers

, and live in Holborn


. The prisoner came to the shop, with another woman, about six o'clock, in the evening of Tuesday,the 11th of January; two young men were serving in the shop, besides myself - they applied to another young man, and then came, and asked me for some stockings - they both looked at them; the prisoner's companion purchased one pair at 1 s. 6 d., which she paid for before they left the shop - they then asked to look at some very fine ones; they objected to them, and looked at some other white stockings, and bought another pair at 1 s. 6 d.; they then asked to see some prints - I asked them to walk to the part of the shop, where the prints were; there was one piece lying on the counter, which they objected to, on account of its having some red in it - I shewed them some others, which covered the piece they had refused - I believe there was no other customer in the shop at that time - they did not buy any prints; they staid about ten minutes, and then asked if I would give them a pattern of one - I said I would warrant the washing of it, and I would change it, if it did not; and while I was cutting them a pattern, one said to the other, something about bombazeen, and that they had money to the amount of a guinea; they then changed their minds, and did not look at any; they asked what the stockings came to, and paid 3 s. for them - I then put up the stockings, and they left the shop; there was no other customer there then - as they were leaving the shop I turned the prints over, and missed the piece of red print, which they had objected to - no other person had been near enough to this red print, to have taken it - I jumped over the counter, and went after them - the prisoner's companion was standing by the door - she had a shawl on - the prisoner was about half a dozen yards off - I pursued her, and under her cloak I felt the print - it dropped from her, at her feet - I then took it up in one hand, and the prisoner in the other, and brought her back - while I was pursuing the prisoner, her companion got away.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. I was coming by the house - I took the prisoner, and the property - I found six rings on her person.
GUILTY. Aged 16.
Of 


               stealing, but not privately
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
