





First London Jury - Before Mr. Recorder.
1082. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  NELMES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of February
, 144 pairs of habits, value 8l. 12s., the goods of 
                     
                        John Trist 
                        Marsh
                     




                  , his master
            .
JOHN TRIST MARSH. I am a wholesale glover
, and live in Maiden-lane, Wood-street, Cheapside. The prisoner was six weeks in my warehouse as wareshouse man and town-traveller
 - it was his duty to receive from Pratt, my man, samples of goods, to wait on the customers during the day.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROOK PRATT
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Marsh. On the 14th of February I looked the prisoner out a certain quantity of goods, which I entered on a slate - when he comes home at night I always rub it off the slate, and enter what is deficient in the book. I cannot tell how many I delivered him, but he was deficient twelve dozen. I am sure I delivered him that number, or more, that morning - he was to take them round to the customers and account for what were deficient: the entry remained on the slate when he came back, which was between three and four o'clock. I entered from his own book into our day-book, (which is here) - the number deficient - I find I have entered to that date, from his book,"3 dozens to W. Salthouse, 3 dozens to Brown and Son, 6 dozens to Venable's" - we have inquired of those parties, they are not here - but we have found the goods in pawn; he went out on the morning of the 11th, and never returned - this was discovered afterwards.
Cross-examined. Q. You do not know how many you gave him out? A. No; I only know how many were deficient - I will swear he was twelve dozen deficient - I always see that his book corresponds before I clear off the slate - they are ladies' gloves, which we call habits in the trade.
MR. MARCH. The prisoner went out one morning with goods and never returned - he had given me no notice whatever - I agreed to give him at the rate of 80l. a-year, for the first three months; a small sum was due to him when he left - he made no application for it. I got information and went to his lodgings in the Lambeth-road, with an officer - and while we were in the house he escaped out of the back window - we found some duplicates in the pocket of a waistcoat which I had seen him wear - twelve dozen of habits were afterwards produced, which have my private mark on them - I never sold them to him.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you were told he lodged there? A. Yes; I have heard he was once inbusiness for himself - there was no dispute about his salary, for I took him from a place of custody, and he was thankful for the situation - his success did not depend on his making a number of sales. I have no ides of his object being to make it appear that he had effected sales.


                  ASHER 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Harris, pawnbroker, Strand. On the 14th of February the prisoner pawned twelve dozen habit gloves with me, for 3l. - they are still in the paper he brought them in - the constable has the duplicate I gave him - I am sure of his person - by his desire, I gave him two duplicates for six dozens each.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM HARRISON
               



            . I accompanied Mr. Marsh, to Prospect-Place, Lambeth, about the 20th of March - and in the ground-floor room I found a bed and a box of men's apparel - two duplicates dropped from a waistcoat, each of which relate to six dozens of habits, pawned on the the 14th of February, in the name of Thomas Day, 15, Noble-street. I apprehended the prisoner at the Gentleman and Porter, public-house, Falcon-square, and told him it was for robbing Mr. Marsh of some gloves - he said he could bring nothing home to him, for nothing was found. I said I had found some duplicates at his lodging - he said nothing to that.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
