






380. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WALLBROOK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MURLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December
, 1 coat, value 7s., and 1 hamper, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Claxton
               




            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 23d of December, between four and five o'clock in the evening, I was in Whitechapel


, and saw the prisoners following a country hay-cart, which had this hamper in it, containing the coat; I and Shipman followed the prisoners for a quarter of a mile - they made several attempts to get it out of the cart: at last Murley got it out, and gave it to Wallbrook - it had been in the bed of the cart, and there was a tail-ladder at the back of the cart; Shipman seized Wallbrook - I followed Murley, and caught him.


                  RICHARD 
                  SHIPMAN
               



            . I was with Keys, and saw the prisoners dodging the cart; Wallbrook tried six or seven times before he got the hamper, and then Murley took it out, and gave it to him - he took it under his arm, and I seized him.
JAMES CLAXTON. I was driving a cart for 
               
                  William 
                  Claxton
               



            , my father, who is a hay and straw carter
. I was going home - my father was with this cart, and I was with another; I know this hamper to be my father's.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



             re-examined. His father was with this cart, but he met with an accident, and the next day this lad came up himself; it is this lad's hamper, in which he had brought up some chickens, and he was taking home his own great coat in it - it is his own coat and hamper.
WALLBROOK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
MURLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
