





Fifth Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Common Sergeant.
2139. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  MILLS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, 3 live pigs, price 6l.
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Spicer
               




            , Esq
.


                  JOHN 
                  KINGSFORD
               



            . I live at Esher, and am bailiff to John Spicer, Esq. - he has property at Lonesham-farm


: I went there on the 17th of October, and missed three pigs; I received information that they were at Hounslow - I went there and found them in the possession of the constable, and knew them to be my master's; as the prisoner was going up to the Magistrate, I asked him why he sold the pigs - he said he had found them on the road, that they followed him, and then he thought he would drive them and sell them; Lonesham is eight or nine miles from Hounslow.


                  THOMAS 
                  SEXTON
               



            . I am a cattle-jobber, and live at Hounslow. Last Friday morning I was at the cross-lanes, and saw the prisoner with three pigs; I said,"Are you going to sell them" - he said Yes; I said,"What do you want for the two big pigs?" he said 3l. 10s.; I offered 3l. - he said for 5s. more I should have them; I went and told my wife I was afraid theywere stolen; I then came out and followed him to Bell lane - I called to him, and he stopped; I said, "Do you mean to let me have these two pigs" - he said Yes; I said I had a brother in the town who would have one, and I would have two - I then brought him back to Mr. Filbey's; I said to him, "These are the pigs," he wanted 3l. for the two; I then said what would he take for the whole three - he said 4l. 10s.; I said, "We will go down the yard," and we took them there - I then said,"If any man can come and say they are your's, you shall have them;" he said they were his. and he lived at Chertsey-common; I said, "There is no such place" - he than said he lived at a lone house at Haddlestone-common; I said, "There is no lone house" - he said, "There is," but he could not tell me the name of the landlord; he then said he sold the mother of them at the Chequers public-house - I said, "There is no such sign;" I then said, "My fine fellow, if you will fetch any body to tell us these are your pigs, you shall have them" - he said he would fetch Mr. Sanders, but he was not up; we then took him to the Rev. Mr. Trimby, the Magistrate of Henley; the prisoner then said he would know nothing, and he was ordered to be locked up - on the road he said he wanted to be transported for seven or fourteen years.


                  JOHN 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Spicer; I knew four pigs that he had - I saw them on the 16th of October, about six o'clock, and the next morning, a little after five, I got up, and saw one of them in the road, and three were gone; I fetched them away from Mr. Filbey's- they were Mr. Spicer's.
Prisoner. Q. If you saw them amongst one hundred more could you swear to them? A. Yes, I could - one was a sow-pig, one a barrow-pig, and one a boar-pig.


                  ROBERT 
                  FILBEY
               



            . I am a butcher and a constable - I live at Hounslow. Sexton came to me last Friday morning, and said he wanted me - there was a man had got three pigs near the Bell public-house; I went and found the pigs and the prisoner - Sexton then said, "Shall I have them?" the prisoner said, "No, not without 10s. more;" he asked what he would take for the three - he said 4l. 10s.; I should think the value of them was 6l. - I then took them into my care; Humphries claimed them.
Prisoner. Q. Did not I ask five guineas for them? A. No, not to my knowledge - you asked 4l. 10s.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been out looking for work for two days, and had had nothing but 2d. worth of bread- these pigs ran after me, and then walked on steadily before me; when I got to Hounslow the witness came and asked if I would sell them, and being starving I did offer to sell them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
