





Before Mr. Recorder.
199. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  LUSHINGTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November
, a watch, value20 s.; a ribbon, value 1 d., and a key, value 1 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Sunman
               




            .
ROBERT SUNMAN. I live at No. 15, Princes-street, Pimlico


, and am a carpenter
. I had a watch hanging over my fire-place on the first floor, on the 12th of November; the street door is generally kept shut; it was stolen between two and three o'clock in the afternoon. I saw it again at Queen-square - the prisoner was then in custody.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. At what time had you seen the watch? A. Between twelve and one - I don't know the number of it, nor the maker's name - it has been in my possession fourteen years.


                  JANE 
                  SUNMAN
               



            . I am wife of the prosecutor. The prisoner came to our house on the 12th of November, a little after two o'clock; he was in my parlour, where I was ironing - he said he was cold in his feet - that his master had sent him the evening before to his washerwoman, who was dead, and he had recommended me - I got a chair, and set it before the fire for him to warm himself - the watch then hung over the mantel-piece - he got up and put his foot on the bar, reached up his hand, and took it down - he put it towards his bosom and then rushed out of the house, saying he would bring his master's card at six o'clock. I pursued him - he ran into Warwick-place, and on his seeing me he got behind some houses, and I lost sight of him before he was stopped - in a moment he came in a direction towards me - I collared him, and accused him of taking my property - he said he had not got it - I told him he had flung it away. It was found in a lady's garden close at the back of the houses. I am quite sure it is ours. My landlord's son came up, and took him into the house till the officer came.
Cross-examined. Q. The man said he was coming back at six o'clock, but you did not wait to see if he would? A. No. I knew him before - he got a long way before me when he was running.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CAIN
               



            . I am the son of the landlord of this house. I heard a disturbance in the street, went out, and saw Mrs. Sunman holding the prisoner - she charged him with stealing the watch - I took him to the house till the constable came - I saw the watch - there were four or five other persons.


                  MARY 
                  YORKE
               



            . I live at No. 2, Warwick-row. I found the watch in my garden between two and three o'clock. I do not know how it got there. I heard Mrs. Sunman making a noise in the street at the time. I delivered it to Drew, the officer.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DREW
               



            . I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner, but found nothing on him - he said he was innocent - I have had the watch ever since.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. When I was in the house I did not see a watch - I wished Mrs. Sunman good afternoon, and she did so to me - she said nothing about a watch then.
One witness gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
