





1075. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     OWEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of July
, one watch, value 1 l.; one seal, value 1 l.; one key, value 1 d., and one ribbon, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Mott
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ABRAHAM 
                  MOTT
               



            . I live in Crown-court, Pulteney-street, and am a sawyer
. On the 1st of July, about two o'clock in the morning, I was coming along Oxford-street


,from a bean-feast, and was in liquor, and lost my watch, I saw it again, but cannot positively swear to it. I laid hold of the prisoner at the time, suspecting him. He said
"For God's sake, forgive me, for my wife and family's sake."


                  DANIEL 
                  BLISS
               



            . I am porter at the Argyle-rooms. I was at the door of the rooms in Regent-street. I heard a noise, went out, and saw the prosecutor and his friends going to fight, and saw Owen come across the road, I kept my eye on him. He went up to Mott, whose coat was off, and begged him not to fight, then put his elbows against his stomach, drew the watch out of his fob with the other hand, and walked about two yards, when Mott's friends told him his watch was gone. The prisoner immediately ran, a man collared and charged him with it. He strongly denied it. I stood behind him, and saw him throw it away. I picked it up, collared him, and told Mott it was his watch, and that the prisoner robbed him of it. He said,
"For God's sake forgive me, for the sake of my wife and family." I gave him in charge.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did you state all this before the Magistrate. - A. Yes.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLASSBOROUGH
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge, the prosecutor claimed the watch without hesitation. I was obliged to summon him to attend here.
WILLIAM SHARROL. I am a watchman. Bliss gave the prisoner to me with the watch. Mott said it was his.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I was constable of the night. Mott claimed the watch.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  MOTT
               



             re-examined. Q. Is that the watch that was taken from your pocket - A. I cannot say, it must have been, it seems altered. The robbery was committed in Regent-street.
Prisoner's Defence. I stopped to see the quarrel, and was going home with both hands in my pocket, when I was charged with this. I went to the watch-house without hesitation. I wish to put some questions to Bliss.
Prisoner to 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  BLISS
               



            . A. On your solemn oath did you never say you expected money on my conviction - A. Never; they told me at the watch-house I deserved 20 l. for taking such a noted character. His wife came and offered me a 1 l. note. I would not have it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Life
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
