





1152. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  BAILEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of May
, 1 ass, price 2l.
             the property of the 
               
Right Honourable Earl

 
                  Cowper
               


            .
SECOND COUNT stating it to belong to 
               
                  Henry 
                  Denne
               



            .
HENRY DENNE. I live near Welling in Herts


. I had an ass in my possession for three years - it was the property of the Earl of Cowper, but it came astray; I told them of it and they said I might use it - I lost it on the 29th of April, and found it the following Friday in Smithfield, in possession of Mr. Kyffen; it is a very large one - I am sure of it.


                  JOHN 
                  KYFFEN
               



            . I deal in asses. I bought the ass of the prisoner at Turnham-green for 35s. on the 2d of May, and was going home with it - I gave the same to the prosecutor.


                  EDWARD 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I was present when the prisoner sold three asses to Mr. Kyffen at Turnham-green.
THOMAS BRANSCOMB. On Friday the 2d of May, I was in Smithfield, the prosecutor came to me and said he had lost an ass, and Mr. Kyffen had got it there; Kyffen said he bought it at Turnham-green, and he had no doubt the prisoner was there - but while my brother officer went there, the prisoner came into the market.


                  JOHN 
                  ROE
               



            . I went to Turnham-green but the prisoner was not there.
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Kyffen is a false-swearing man. I never had an ass in my life: and never was at Turnham-green.
MR. KYFFEN. I am sure he is the man - he said he lived at Chesham, near the Golden Ball public-house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
