





42. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     CROSSLEY
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               a like offence
            .


                  HENRY 
                  WILLIAM FACEY
               



            . I produce the register of the marriage on the 6th of February, 1814, as in the former case.


                  MARY 
                  ANN MURPHY
               



            . I was at the marriage - my name was then Brock; the prisoner's husband is now alive.


                  LEONARD 
                  BATTY
               



            . I am an exciseman, and live at Hull. I produce a copy of the register, taken from the books in Barnsley chapel, at Silkstone, in Yorkshire.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you any body with you? A. Yes, and I saw him write it from the book - I looked over his shoulder: I had it read out to me, and I compared them; (reads) "4th December, 1818, 
               
                  John 
                  Pickering
               



            , bachelor, and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Crossley
               



             were married in this parish;" I signed it, but have no recollection of the couple who were married.


                     JOHN 
                     PICKERING
                  




               
            . I was a labourer
. I married this woman in Barnsley chapel ten years ago this day; I lived with her till the 7th of January following.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you get any money from her? A. No - my marriage was for love, and partly expecting money; I expected 95l., which she represented she had - I had seen her for a month before, and known her for a week; I was subpoenaed here: Ihave seen Crossley since I came to town; I saw no signs of madness in her - I think I was mad when I married her; she was unpleasant some time afterwards.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I took the prisoner on the 3d of November, near Bow church.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
