






266. 
               
                  PHILLIP 
                  NATHAN
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  BARNETT
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, a basket, value 1 s., and six goblets, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Ducroz
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKFORD
               



            . I live in Cock-lane, and am in the service of Mr. John Ducroz. On Friday, the 17th of December, my master sent me out with a cart. I was in St. John-street in the cart - it had a basket in it which had six cut goblets in it. I observed two men behind the cart, and I thought they were about to take the basket - I turned round and it was gone.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I am a patrol. On Friday, the 17th of December, I was in St. John-street


, and saw the two prisoners and another man, going after a cart, up that street. I saw the third person who was with them, come out of the road, with this basket, on to the pavement; they all three closed together, and the two prisoners put their hands into the basket, to feel what was in it. I gave the two prisoners to my partners, and ran after the third, but I did not take him. On searching the basket I found six cut goblets.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MERRY
               



            . I was with Waddington, and saw what he has described. I seized one of the prisoners and Smith the other.


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I apprehended Barnett, and took this apron from him, which he was putting round him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
NATHAN'S Defence. I was in company with Barnett, and coming along St. John-street the officer seized me; there was a basket some distance off. I have a wife and three children to support.
BARNETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
NATHAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Confined Three Months
            .
