






279. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     OULDS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December
, one handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of a certain person unknown, from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COULTON
               



            . I am a carver and gilder, and live in Batchelor's-row, Battle Bridge. On the 14th of December, about half-past eleven o'clock, I saw the prisoners in Fetter-lane


. I was carrying some things at some distance behind them, and observed them following a gentleman. I saw Wright take a handkerchief from the gentleman's pocket, who did not perceive it. He gave it to Oulds, who put it into his hat.
Q. How far off was you - A. About twenty yards, on the opposite side of the way. I delivered my things in Fetter-lane, and went after them in less than three minutes. The gentleman turned down a street directly, so that I could not tell him. I went after the prisoners, passed them both, and saw them offering a handkerchief for sale up a court in Leather-lane, about five minutes after; it was of a dark colour, and so was this. Wright was standing at the the top of the gateway, while Oulds was holding it to a man in his hat, part in and part out - they were up a turning under a gateway. I said nothing, but ran to Hatton-garden Office, it being near. I met Cadby, who returned with me - they were then gone. We went to Saffron-hill, saw Oulds come down the hill, and go into a cook-shop. I said he was one, and Cadby went in, and took the handkerchief out of his hat - he then said as we had taken him, he would tell us where the other was, and took us to a house at the corner of Caroline-court, where we found Wright in the taproom - I do not know who the gentleman was.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CADBY
               



            . I went with Coulton to Leather-lane, but the prisoners were gone; we saw Oulds turn into an eating-house on Saffron-hill, and found a handkerchief in his hat, with two others; he took us to a public-house, where we found Wright. I cannot find the gentleman.
OULDS'S Defence. Coulton says the gentleman went down a street - at Guildhall he said he went down a court. He said it was the first turning he went down, but it was the second.
WRIGHT'S Defence. I met Oulds in Nevill's-court, Fetter-lane. A young man gave him a handkerchief. He went up a court, and shewed it to a man.
OULDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
WRIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
