






1607. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  STANYARD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of August
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Burgh
                     




                  , the younger, from his person
            .
MR. JAMES BURGH, JUN. On the 12th of August, about nine o'clock, I was in Skinner-street


 - two men passed me- one said something, which I did not hear; a man came up, and told me my handkerchief was gone; I immediately missed it, and saw it next day at Guildhall.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CHARLES MURRAY
               



            . On the 12th of August I was in Skinner-street, and saw the prisoner take a handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket; I crossed over, touched Mr. Burgh on the shoulder, and told him he had lost a handkerchief; I followed the prisoner - he ran: I called Stop thief! the watchman knocked him down; I secured him forty or fifty yards off, in Cow-lane, without losing sight of him.
Prisoner. Q. Which hand did I take it with? A. Your right hand; it was in the gentleman's left-hand pocket.


                  JAMES 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a watchman. I took up the prisoner at the bottom of King-street, Snowhill, formerly called Cow-lane: Murray was calling Stop thief! after him - I knocked him down.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . On the night of the 12th of August, I saw the prisoner in Holborn, with another boy, following a gentleman and lady, and in Skinner-street, I saw him take a handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket, (he had a lady with him) I was with Murray - they ran different ways.
Prisoner. Q. Why not come over and take me? A. Murray ran after you - I went to the gentleman.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am a glazier, and live in Hosier-lane. I was coming up Snowhill on the night of the 12th of August, and heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the watchman knock a man down; I picked up a handkerchief about five minutes after he was taken away, and gave it to Pike, the beadle - it was close to the spot where he was knocked down.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY HOOKER
               



            . I am a constable and took the prisoner in charge - Pike the beadle, gave me the handkerchief.
Prisoner's Defence. I work hard for my living - I came home from my aunt's, and in Skinner-street a man called Stop thief! I turned into Cow-lane, and was running after him, when I was knocked down, and the young man, I suppose, threw the handkerchief down.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
