





283. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of May
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 10 shirts, value 30s., and 2 waistcoats, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Brown
                  




               
            , his master
.


                  DAVID 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am master of a vessel
, which lay at Hermitage-stairs, Wapping


, on the 29th of May - the prisoner had been brought to me by his mother two days before, to serve as a cabin-boy
 - I left the vessel that day; my watch hung in the cabin; my shirts and clothes were in my chest - on my return, I missed him and the property - I could not find him, and sailed in two days for Portugal.


                  ANN 
                  HILL
               



            . I lodge in Farmer's-buildings. The prisoner and I were brought up together - he brought methis watch, which he said was his father's, who was dead; I pawned it for him for a guinea, at Mr. Neat's, in the name of Smith, his mother's name - I gave him the money and ticket.


                  FRANCES 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I lodge with the prisoner's mother. On the 1st of June he asked me to pawn a shirt for him, which I did, at Mr. Morris', in York-street, for 4s. - I gave him the money and ticket; he said he had bought it a few days before, for 8s., but now wanted money.


                  GEORGE 
                  POILE
               



            . I live with Mr. Neat, a pawnbroker. On the 1st of June this watch was pawned, in the name of Sarah Smith.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARDING
               



            . I live with Mr. Morris, a pawnbroker, of York-street, Westminster. On the 1st of June a shirt was pawned in the name of Pearce, for 4s.


                  JOHN 
                  WARREN
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge on the 2d of June, and found the duplicate of the watch upon him. The prosecutor was then at sea.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Two men came on board and eat, and then took me ashore - one of them gave me the watch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
