





1672. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of May
, I saw, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Buck
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BUCK
               



            . On the 18th of May, I met the prisoner in Mile-end; he asked if I wanted a job; I said Yes - he said he was foreman over a job at Tottenham, and wanted another man; he engaged me at 30s. a week, and told me to take my tools down to the Half Moon in Smithfield; I went there, and took a man with me - he engaged him to come on the following Monday; we went off to go to Islington, where he said we should get a ride - he asked if he should carry my two saws; I said No, he might carry the big one, and I would carry the other in my basket; we went on to the George the Fourth, in Old-street


, and he told me to set down my tools, and he would be out in a few minutes - he went through the house, and got away - I never saw him again till he was taken up.


                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               



            . I received charge of the prisoner; he said he was not the person; I found six duplicates on him- five of them were for carpenter's tools; one is for the prosecutor's saw, and one for a coat.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor overtook me a fortnight ago, and asked me about the saw; I said, "What saw? I never saw you in my life:" I went with him to four places to find an officer, and we could not; we then went to this officer, who took me to Worship-street; I can safely say, I never saw him before he took me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUCK
               



            . I was with my brother, and saw the prisoner take the saw.


                  JAMES 
                  BUCK
               



            . I am certain he is the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 52.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
