






Before Mr. Justice Gazelee.
502. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WILSON
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WHITFIELD
               




             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Dyson
                     




                  , on the 14th of February
, and stealing 2 files, value 2d.
            , the goods of Thomas Craven.
JOSEPH DYSON. I live in City-gardens, Islington


, and am a cabinet-maker
. On the 14th of February, about two o'clock in the morning, I heard my ground floor windowsash pushed up, and then heard a rumbling noise below, I got up, flung the first floor window open, looked down and saw one of the ground floor shutters standing back alittle - it was open: I called the watchman five or six times, and then one of these prisoners rushed to the window, shoved the shutters more open, and jumped out of the window - the other immediately followed - I called the watchman to look to the back of the house, but the prisoners went along the front, down Macclesfield-street - one of them had a light-coloured great coat on; the watchmen brought them back in about a minute and half - they had not got four doors from the house; I did not exactly see him lay hold of them - I saw him meet them; I never lost sight of them, and am positive he brought back the same men as jumped out of the window; my parlour is on the right-hand side of the passage, and the kitchen on the other; when I came down, the parlour and kitchen shutters were both open - they were shut at ten o'clock, when I went to bed; Craven lodged there; I rent the house; they must have got in at the parlour shutters, which were fastened at half-past nine o'clock; I cannot say how they opened them - I heard the window pushed up three or four minutes before I saw them jump out - they were taken only four houses off, but there is an entrance to a street between the houses: I saw the shutters closed at half-past nine o'clock, and they must have been bolted, because they spring back if they are not; I did not look at the fastening - I cannot say whether the window was shut when I went to bed, but I heard it pushed up - I do not know who shut the shutters at night.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ALDRIDGE
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 14th of February, about two o'clock in the morning, I was at the end of Macclesfield-street, and heard Dyson cry, Watch! I ran towards the sound - heard the cry repeated, and as I approached near the window, I saw two men coming along, and saw something drop from them; but what I could not exactly perceive - I thought it looked like papers - the wind blew some of them towards the curb. I took the prisoners. Dyson called out that thieves had broken into his house, and that one had a light coat on. I said I had got them - I took them back to his house; he was leaning out of his window, and said, "Those are the men - I can swear to them." They heard that - some Islington watchmen came to my assistance, and I left them in their charge, while I returned to where I stopped them, and picked up some papers. We took the prisoners to the watch-house. I returned to my beat. Sheldrake called me; we went and searched the spot where I had taken them. I looked about with my lantern, and picked up a small book; and on the threshold of a door, No. 24, Macclesfield-street, I found a file; this was about one hundred yards from the house, and on the window-cill I found part of another file; I gave them to the officer. When I first saw the prisoners, they were walking; but when I got nearer to them, they stopped, and the papers dropped from them - they said they had done nothing - there is a gas-light nearly opposite to where I took them, and one within a few yards of the prosecutor's house; there are three between the spot and the prosecutor's house, which would enable him to see any body who jumped out of window. I could not see which of them dropped the papers; but it was one of them, I am certain.


                  THOMAS 
                  CRAVEN
               



            . I am a pocket-book-maker. I lodged in Dyson's parlour up to the 11th of February, and then moved to Macelesfield-street. I left on a shelf, in a closet there, an account book, some papers, a file, and part of another.


                  HENRY 
                  SHELDRAKE
               



            . I am headboro' of St. Luke. On the 14th of February, a little after two o'clock in the morning, the prisoners were brought to the watch-house, charged with breaking into Dyson's house. I found a knife on Wilson. I went out - the watchman shewed me the spot where he had taken them, and opposite No. 24, Macclesfield-street I found a small account-book; there was a file on the cill of the door, and another on the windowcill - I produce them.


                  THOMAS 
                  CRAVEN
               



            . This book contains an account, kept between an ironmonger and me. I remember leaving this broken file very well; I had taken away the useful part of it, and it fits this. I believe the other to be mine; I used it for a particular purpose, which took away the edge. I left them both in the closet with the book.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DYSON
               



            . I lost nothing of my own. I examined the closet after Craven left, and saw a book similar to this, and the large file. I think that was on the 12th; there was nothing else in the parlour - the watch-house is nearly half a mile from where the papers were found.
The prisoners put in a written Defence, as follows: - "On the 14th of February we went to visit a relative in Ball's-pond-road, and on returning to our residence in the neighbourhood of Old-street, when we came through City gardens, the watchman took hold of us, and charged us with robbing the prosecutor's premises; feling ourselves innocent we surrendered willingly - at our examination the prosecutor said he saw us both come out of the parlour window, which he thought must have been left open, the shutters having only been closed the night before. We boldly denying his assertion, and being taken some distance from the spot, we trust will prove our innocence.
WILSON - GUILTY. Aged 21.
WHITFIELD - GUILTY. Aged 21.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
