






1063. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     POWER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BARRINGTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of May
. 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Payne
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I was in Oxford-street


 on the evening of the 2d of May, about nine o'clock; I had my handkerchief in my coat pocket, and did not miss it till the officer told me of it, and produced it.
WILLIAM CRAIG. I was with Corwick, and saw the two prisoners in company for a few minutes; I saw them go up to the prosecutor - Barrington's took the handkerchief from his pocket, and ran into the road; I took him into custody with it - Power was walking along by his side at the time he took it, as if to cover him.


                  JAMES 
                  CORWICK
               



            . I was with Craig. and saw Power with his arm round Barrington's neck; what Craig has stated is correct - I saw Barrington with the handkerchief.
POWER'S Defence. I was going to receive my wages; I asked this boy what o'clock it was - he said between eight and nine: I said, "Good bye," and he said"Which way are you going?" we walked along together- I took no further notice of him; this gentleman came and took me.
BARRINGTON's Defence. I never saw this before the gentleman came and took me, and said I had taken a handkerchief.
BARRINGTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
POWER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
