





119. 
               
                  WILLIAM ROBERT 
                  MILWARD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of November
, 56 pairs of boots, value 14l.; 104 pairs of shoes, value 14l.; 4 yards of silk, value 12s., and 1 book, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Eyland
               




            .
SAMUEL EYLAND. I live in Hanway-street, Oxford-street, and am a ladies' shoemaker
. The prisoner was in my employ for three years - he was discharged on the 12th of November, for being insolent to one of the other servants. I afterwards received information, and got a warrant; I went with Avis to search his father's house, at Battle-bridge - we found him sitting by the fire, and I said "William, I understand you have robbed me" - he said he had never robbed me in his life. I said, "You have taken a pair of shoes, and other articles." He then said, he had taken a pair of soiled shoes, and looked about the house to find them. I then said, I heard he had taken tools to make shoes - he said he had bought them, but he could not give a strict account where. Avis then found three duplicates for boots and shoes, which were mine. - Avis told him three times that he was at liberty to make any confession he pleased, but he would neither make him any promise or threat - he then said that he would confess, that he had other duplicates, and he went with the officer into a back-room, and brought out of his box ninety-seven or ninety-eight duplicates, which he confessed were for my property. We took him to the office - I then went to the pawnbrokers, and got the articles. The prisoner is a cousin of my wife's, and she has a brother living within two doors of me.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is there any name over the door? A. Yes; the name of Bosley - he was my uncle - I bought the premises of him.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I am an officer. I went with Mr. Eyland - what he has stated is quite correct. The Magistrate asked what he had to say, and he said the property was his master's.


                  JOHN 
                  TIGHE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Orange-street, Bloomsbury. I have five pairs of shoes, and a pair of boots, pawned, I believe, by the prisoner - I took in the boots, and four pairs of shoes. I asked the boy what he was - he said he lived at No. 4, Geodge's-street.


                  EDWARD 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a pair of boots, and three pairs of shoes, part of them were pawned by the prisoner. I asked if they were his own, and he said they were.


                  GEORGE 
                  POILE
               



            . I live in Broad-street, Bloomsbury, and am a pawnbroker. I have two pairs of women's boots, and two pairs of shoes, pawned by the prisoner.


                  MORRIS 
                  ARIA
               



            . I live in London-street, Fitzroy-square, and am a pawbroker. I have six pairs of shoes, pawned by the prisoner. I asked, if they were his own; he said Yes. I have put O.P., on the ticket - he came four times. I took in the last two pairs, and happened to stand by when he brought the others.


                  THOMAS 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have four pairs of boots, and four pairs of shoes pawned, I believe, by the prisoner - they are all new.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Nine witnesses gave the prisoner an excellent character.
GUILTY. Aged 17.




               Recommended to Mercy
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
