





883. 
               
                  MARY 
                  COOPER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of May
, a gown, value 4 s.; a pair of boots, value 4 s.; a shawl, value 1 s.; a pair of stockings, value 4 d.; a towel, value 4 d.; a neckcloth, value 4 s., and a petticoat, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Patten
               



            ; a cap, value 1 s., and an apron, value 4 d., the goods of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Courtney
               



            .


                  MARY 
                  PATTEN
               



            . I am the wife of Samuel Patten, and live at Mr. Wilson's. The prisoner came there to lodge. On Monday week I missed these things; they were all safe the night before, at eleven o'clock. Ann Courtney was the servant
 of the house, and some of her things were in my room; my husband got up that morning about five o'clock, and I told him to put my things on the bed, that I might get up, but they were then gone.
ANN COURTNEY. I live at the house, and slept in the same room as Patten - I had a cap and an apron in the room that night; they were gone in the morning: I have seen the apron since. The door was only latched.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WILSON
               



            . I keep the house, and let it out in lodgings. The prisoner came there on the Thursday before, and generally went out about six o'clock every morning, with a bundle. On Monday, the 9th of May, she came about four o'clock in the morning, and asked us to open the door that she might go out; she had a bundle with her, and a cloak over it - she said she was going washing; we let her out, and locked the door. When the prosecutor came down he said the things were lost.


                  MARIA 
                  COOK
               



            . My husband works at the docks. The prisoner came to lodge in the house where I lodge on the Thursday before the robbery; my husband went out to work on the Monday morning - I heard of the robbery: I met the prisoner about eleven o'clock, and said to her, "You are the most cruel woman in the world, to rob a poor woman, and leave her naked in bed;" I took hold of her, and she tried to get away - she had this shawl and apron on, and this towel in her hand.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. There were other lodgers in the house; I should have returned the three articles in the evening.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
