





409. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     FIELD
                  



               
             was indicted for a 


               misdemeanour
            .


                     WILLIAM 
                     CHALLANDS
                  




               
            . I keep the Star, public-house, Old Bailey
. The prisoner called at my house in October - I saw him several times; he represented himself as a lawyer, and wanted credit for things; he said he should have some jobs in a short time by attending the Old Bailey, and asked me if I had any thing to do? I employed him to collect several old debts
, thinking him to be a distressed man; I sent him to collect from 
               
                  James 
                  Blaze
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Wyley
               



            , and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Jarvis
               



            . I saw him a few days after; he said he had called upon them, and if they did not settle, he should use means to make them. He said they did not seem disposed to settle, and he must serve them all with copies of writs, and that he should want 2 s. 6 d. for the writ, and 2 d. for the stamps, which I gave him. He called a day or two after, and shewed me three writs. I afterwards gave him 6 s. 2 d. to carry on proceedings, and after that I gave him 7 s. 1 d. Towards the end of November he came and had 14 s. 2 d. for the declaration - I gave him in all, 2 l. 15 s., besides a score he owed me; he never recovered any money for me. Wyley was put in Whitecross-street Prison for two or three days, and Blaze for twelve hours.
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  ANDERTON
               



            . I am solicitor to the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Chancery. I examined the rolls of those Courts, and found but one 
               
                  George 
                  Field
               



            , who was admitted in 1790. I found no writs were issued against Wyley, Jarvis, or Blaze.
MR. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am a solicitor in all the Courts - there is no other of my name. I was admitted in 1790; I never authorized the prisoner to use my name. I have no office in the Old Bailey.


                  GEORGE 
                  HAZLEWOOD WORRALL
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner before the last Session, and found a memorandum in his pocket - reads - (Copy of a bill of Middlesex against Jarvis, Wyley, and Blaze; endorsed, 
               
                  George 
                  Field
               



            , No. 16, Old Bailey) - I also found a memorandum book on him, containing these words,
"Tried at the Old Bailey September 23."
MR. FIELD. I did not issue that warrant.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the habit of calling at the house. I acted according to his instructions, and issued process.
(See September Session, 1819.)



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
