





1687. 
               
                  DAVID 
                  BRACEWELL
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        William 
                        McKenzie
                     




                  , on the 1st of August
, with intent, 1 watch, value 20s., from his person, violently and feloniously to steal
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating his intent to be to rob him.
WILLIAM McKENZIE. I am a seaman
, and live in Peartree-court, Ratcliff-highway


. On the 31st of July I was going home, about twelve o'clock at night: I found the gate shut, and could not get in; I went and stood in the middle of the street for the gate to be opened; the prisoner came and asked me twice if I did not want a lodging; I said No; he asked me a third time, and I told him to go along - he then ran with his full force against me, and pushed me down, struck me on the chest, and got hold of the ribbon of my watch; he very nearly got it, but I prevented it - I then felt his hand in my pocket; I heard the watchman coming - he then took to his heels, and ran off - the watchman followed, and took him; I lost sight of him, but I am sure he is the person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am the watchman. On the 1st of August I took the prisoner, between twelve and one o'clock - McKenzie was in the road, and nobody near him - he was so alarmed and hurt he could hardly speak - he said he should know the man, and pointed which way he ran; I could not see him, but in a short time another watchman was driving the prisoner along, and desired me to see him out of the parish, as he was a bad character; I took him to the watch-house, and fetched McKenzie to the watch-house - he immediately said he was the man; there was nobody else near - McKenzie had been drinking, but was not intoxicated.
Prisoner's Defence. There were two watchman drivingme about; I was taken to the watch-house; he said to the prosecutor, "That is the man, is it not?"



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
