





20. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WALLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 29th of November
, four shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Toll
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TOLL
               



            . I am a labourer
, and live at Wilsden. On the 29th of November I came to town to look for a situation, and between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner by Smithfield


, he was quite a stranger - he came up and asked if I wanted a place, I said Yes; at his desire I accompanied him to a public-house, for him to put my name down, he said he would call for a pen but did not; he asked me how much money I had about me, and told me to pull my purse out - I had 15 s. in my purse when I went in, I spent nothing then, I pulled out my purse and took out seven shillings and a sixpence, I had it in my hand. Two or three minutes after we got in, a man came and joined the prisoners company, and wanted me to play at some game, I said I had no money to play games - the prisoner then took 4 s. out of my hand, and the other man took 3 s. 6 d. I told them they should not have my money, they started out of the house immediately without saying why they took it - they took different directions. I followed the prisoner a little way calling out that he had robbed me. Taylor, the officer, met him and stopped him, without my losing sight of him; he had called for a pint of beer at the house, which he paid for on delivery, and offered me some of it, this was before he took my money. I described the house to Taylor, it is about twenty yards from where he was stopped.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not game there - A. No, he returned me the 4 s. just as Taylor came up - Taylor was dressed in blue, turned up with red.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a constable, and apprehended the prisoner in Little Britain; the prosecutor was following him and accusing him of robbing him; the prisoner saw me, he knew me before, he immediately put 4 s. out of his hand into the prosecutors hand, and said
"Here is your money," the prosecutor said,
"This is not all, I want 3 s. 6 d.more;" the prisoner made no reply. The prosecutor pointed out the public-house to me, it is the White Horse, in Little Britain - I found three duplicates and three bankers cheques on him, not folded up; the prosecutor described the other man.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor has foresworn himself, he tossed up for 1 s. and a pint of porter, I held the 4 s., he said he could not afford to lose it, I said I got nothing by it, and gave him his 4 s. back.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 65.




               Transported for Life
            .
