





578. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FOWLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of January
, a coat, value 50 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Thurling
                        




                     
                  ; and a coat, value 8 l.
            , the goods of  
               
                  Charles Tyrishit 
                  Jones
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  THURLING
               



            . Here is a coat in Court which belongs to me. It was safe at twenty minutes past five o'clock on the 23d of January, in Pitt's Head Mews, May Fair. I was acting as coachman to Mr. Jones.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HITCHMAN
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. Charles Tyrishit Jones. On the 23d of January, at half-past five o'clock in the afternoon; I left the prisoner in the stables, he was helper there - he asked me to lend him some money - I lent him 11 d. being all I had, Master's box coat and four others, were then in the stable, I returned after tea, and met the prisoner; he said he had not got enough money; I told him to go and wait at the public house for me. I went to the public house, and found the other helpers there, but not him. I was ordered to have the carriage ready at half-past seven; and in going to the stable I found the door locked, the key outside, and missed these two coats.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SELLERS
               



            . I am a constable. On the 24th of the February, I found the prisoner in the watch-house - I found a blue coat at his lodgings in Queen-street, and a drab one at Nathan's.


                  EDWARD 
                  NEARY
               



            . I live at Mary-le-bone; and was employed as a helper in the stables. On the 23d of January, I left the stable at half-past five o'clock; and left the prisoner there, and the key inside the door - I returned with the coachman in about twenty-five minutes, and missed two box coats - they were all five safe when I left - I went and found him in Mary-le-bone-lane - charged him with it; he said nothing, and I gave him in charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOEL 
                  NATHAN
               



            . I live in Chapel-street, Edgware-road. On Friday evening I was sitting by my fire-side - the prisoner knocked at the door - and said
"I have been sent here with a coat by a young man where I work - you are to tell me what is the most you will give for it." I said 30 s.; but I would not buy it of him, he said he would go back and ask the person if he would take it; and returneither to night or to-morrow morning - but never came. I gave it to the constable.
Prisoner. Q. Did not another young man come in with me - A. Yes; he said he was sent to see that the prisoner did not cheat the coachman.
Prisoner. He gave you a wink, as much as to say that it was stolen; and you winked again, to say that it was.


                  CAROLINE 
                  JONES
               



            . My husband is a butcher; and lives in Queen-street, Hanover-square; the prisoner lodged with us for a week - he brought these coats into our house on Friday evening, between five and six o'clock; and was apprehended on the same day - he could hardly carry them; he left the blue one in my parlour, and went away with the other - he did not return; I took it into his room, and afterwards gave it to the officer.
Prisoner. It is the first time I was ever guilty of a crime.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
