






350. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  LYNAM
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  FRIEND
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of November
, 5 stockings, value 1s. 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Ursula 
                  Grady
               




            .
URSULA GRADY. I am a laundress
, and live at Highgate


. On Thursday, the 29th of November, I had fourteen stockings hanging to dry in my yard, which is inclosed by a brick wall - I left them out till near eight o'clock in the evening, when I missed five; on the Saturday week a neighbour brought them to me - he is not here; I have known Lynam about nine months - he lives near me.


                  JOHN 
                  KEEFE
               



            . I was at the Rose and Crown public-house one evening, between seven and eight o'clock, about ten days before I saw the prosecutrix; I saw Lynam, and bought two pairs of stockings of him, for 6d., but did not buy the other stocking; Friend was in the tap-room, and Friend took them out of his bosom; Lynam received the money.


                  THOMAS 
                  FITCH
               



            . I am a constable. I heard of this robbery, and apprehended both the prisoners.


                  GEORGE 
                  CHAMBERS
               



            . I am a constable of Hornsey. I was with Fitch.


                  THOMAS 
                  TRANFIELD
               



            . I received information, and went to Keefe; he told me who he got the stockings from, and gave them to me; I showed them to the prosecutrix, who claimed them.
LYNAM's Defence. I met Friend in the street - he asked if I knew who would buy some stockings; I went to the public-house, and Keefe bought them.
FRIEND's Defence. I picked them up in the road from Holloway,
LYNAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FRIEND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Confined Three Months
            .
