





615. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Neighbour
                     




                  , on the 29th of January
, with intent to rob him, and his goods, chattels, and monies, from his person, and against his will, to steal; against the Statute
            .
SECOND COUNT, for feloniously assaulting, with intent to rob.
THOMAS NEIGHBOUR. I am a wine-merchant
. About half-past seven o'clock on the evening of the 29th of January, I was on my way home to Pentonville, and by the dead wall, at the back of the Merlin's Cave public-house, I was struck violently by the prisoner, and my watch was nearly pulled out of my pocket; if he had not taken hold of my small-clothes likewise, he would have got it; he ran by me - I pursued, and did not lose sight of him for two seconds, till he was taken - the light shone full in his face, and I am quite certain of his person.
Prisoner. There was a young woman in the street, and it was a very narrow road. Witness. I had just noticed the young woman before he came up - the road was wide enough for three carriages to go along.
COURT. Q. From the mode of the attack, do you entertain any doubt that he meant to rob you of your watch? A. No - I felt for my watch, and it was nearly gone out of my pocket - the seals were hanging down quite low.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JEFFS
               



            . I was going by, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I pursued the prisoner, who was running, and saw him stopped, without losing sight of him; the prosecutor came up behind me - I heard the sound of a blow, and saw the prisoner separate himself from the prosecutor; I had a bundle under my arm, and was going to my home; in Margaret-street; if I had not had the bundle I should have caught him.


                  THOMAS 
                  GREEN
               



            . I was taking out beer, between seven and eight o'clock. I heard the cry of Stop thief! the prisoner passed me, and I pursued him to the bottom of Margaret-place, where he fell down; the prosecutor and the witness came up to him - there was no one running before the prisoner.


                  ROBERT 
                  WOLLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner - I was near the spot, and heard the cry of Stop thief!
Prisoner's Defence. I ran against the gentleman, but with no intention of robbing him; he was gaping after a young woman - I was coming down the hill, and could not stop myself; I said, "I beg your pardon," and ran on - I then heard a cry of Stop him! but no thief attached to it; I ran on, because I knew I had committed an assault, by running against him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
