






244. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  MASON
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  COOK
               




             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Deane, the younger



                  , about four o'clock in the afternoon, on the 13th of November
 (he and others being therein), and stealing 3 metal boxes, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Deane
                     



                   and George Deane, the younger
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am keeper of the Monument. On the 13th of November, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the two prisoners in company for some time - they at last went up to Mr. Deane's window, at the corner of Monument-yard


; I saw Cook remove part of a pane of glass, and take it out; Mason stood at his side; they watched for a few minutes, and then I saw Mason put his hand in, and take three boxes out - they went up Fish-street-hill together; I went and informed Mr. Deane, then pursued up Cannon-street and took them, running in Gracechurch-street, and brought them back - Mason had the boxes.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Did you always say that Cook cut the glass? A. Yes - I do not know what he did it with.
GEORGE DEANE, JUN. This is my dwelling-house - it belongs to the firm; I am in partnership with my father; he was not at home; these boxes are ours, and were near a pane of glass, which had been mended that morning - it was quite secure twenty minutes before; they must have cut it, I think - they are worth 4s.
MASON's Defence. I was going home when he took me.
Several witnesses gave the prisoners a good character.
MASON - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
COOK - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
Of stealing only. - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
