





1228. 
               
                  ELLEN 
                  FRASER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of May
, 1 muslin collar, value 6s.; 6 pairs of gloves, value 6s.; 5 shawls, value 5l.; 1 yard of silk, value 4s.; 20 yards of cotton, value 30s.; 9 yards of stuff, value 12s., and 5 yards of calico, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Bates
                     




                  , her master
            .
THOMAS BATES. I am a linen-draper
, and live in Mary-le-bone


. The prisoner had been a year and two months in my service; I did not miss any particular article - she was under warning to quit on the 12th of May, and on that day I went into her bed-room; I saw a box which she brought when she came into my service - it was unlocked; I opened it, and found a muslin collar; I went down stairs and called her into the dining room - I asked if any of my young men had sold it her, if any one had given it her, or how she came by it; she denied having it; I then said I would search all the boxes- I went up to her box and found the collar; I found six pairs of gloves, and several other articles which I have not mentioned; we then had information that a box had been removed during some alterations - I spoke to her, and she said there had been an old box removed, but there was nothing in it; I found the box at Mr. Gribble's house, with some shawls, prints and other things in it of mine, with my mark on them - the prisoner was then in custody; the value of all the things is 9l. or 10l.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you go into her bed-room in consequence of some suspicion? A. Yes - I had a brother living with me some time before; I have since heard she has miscarried, in consequence of a connexion in my premises - I never went into her bed-room, except once, when she was ill, out of humanity; my brother lived in the house for two or three weeks while she was there; he did not often come to my house, for we had a dispute - it was nothing about her; she said she took the gloves from my dining-room, and the collar from my parlour, not that my brother gave them to her.


                  MARY 
                  AVIS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Avis
               



             - we live in Barlow-street; I am a mantua-maker. On the 12th of May the prisoner brought two dresses for me to make, and a silk shawl and several other articles for me to look at, which she said she had been buying; she left them, saying she was going on an errand, and on her return she would call for them; she did not call; I went to Mr. Bates and asked if she was in trouble - they said Yes; I brought Mr. Bates and the officer to my room, and gave them the things.
Cross-examined. Q. Then he did not come to you till you went there? A. No.


                  JANE 
                  GRIBBLE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Gribble
               



            ; he is a sawyer. The prisoner came and asked me if I knew any one who took in lodgers; she said she was going to leave her situation, and should like to have a week or a few days before she went to another - she said she had taken away a box, and did not like it to go back again, and she brought it to my house; she went, and ordered a trunk, which was to come to my house, and she left me the money to pay for it - when it came she emptied the things out of the old box, and put them into the new one; there were some clean things of her own but nothing of Mr. Bates'. I never saw her bring any other articles there. I heard of her being taken up, and went and told Mr. Bates that I had a box, but I did not see her bring anything to put into it.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known her? A. Ever since she lived with Mr. Bates - she has brought things to wash for me.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  GRIBBLE
               



            . I am daughter of Jane Gribble. The prisoner came one day when my mother was out with some things in her lap - I did not see what she did with them; I went and took my brother to school; when I returned she was locking her box, and the bundle was gone; the old box came to our house first, and the new one on the Saturday - she told my mother that she had ordered a new box, and to pay 8s. for it; I saw her take the books and things out of the old box to put into the new one; there was a key to the new box and she had it; Mr. Bates and the officer came and took it away.


                  RICHARD 
                  HARTLEY WALL
               



            . I am an officer. I took this box from Gribbles' lodging; it was locked, and I have kept this key which was found in the prisoner's room; this parcel I found at Avis', and this in her room at Mr. Bates'.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
