





94. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 18th of November
, unlawfully, maliciously, and wilfully did, by menaces, demand the money of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Goldsmid
                        




                     
                  , of and from him, by threatening to accuse him of having committed an unnatural crime, with a felonious intent to rob him and his monies from his person, and against his will, violently and feloniously to steal
            .
FOUR other COUNTS, varying the manner of laying the charge.
MR. ALLEY conducted the Prosecution.


                  HENRY 
                  GOLDSMITH
               



            , Esq. I reside on my estate at Crickoel, South Wales. I came to town on the 9th of November, and lodged at the Hummums; but on Monday, the 18th, when this happened, I was lodging in Norfolk-street, I was out walking with two ladies, and returned with them to Norfolk-street, Strand, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon. I went in, and we were sitting down to lunch, and all at once a person, whom I should know again, knocked at the door, and said a man in Howard-street wanted to speak to me. I went round the corner, and saw the prisoner - I am certain of him. He said to me,
"Sir, do you recollect being in the coach with me on Saturday week?" I said,
"Me! in a coach with you! I was 160 miles from London." Upon which he said,
"Then I will accuse you of an unnatural crime, if you will not give me 10 l.; and you cannot get off, for I saw you go into the Hummums on Wednesday night, and I will therefore accuse you of it on that night." Upon which I said,
"You filthy beast!" and endeavoured to seize him. I did not then see the person who brought the message. Before I endeavoured to seize him, he said,
"If you do not give me the 10 l., you shall have plenty of our sort after you." I endeavoured to seize him, and he ran away as hard as he could down Surrey-street. I followed, calling stop thief, but nobody would assist me, till I at last gave the people to understand, as well as I could, that he had charged mewith an unnatural crime; then plenty followed him. He ran down the steps into the river, jumped into the mud. I saw him secured. He was almost covered with mud up to his breast. I then said to him,
"You have accused me with an unnatural crime, and I shall take you to Bow-street." He turned round in the presence of the people, and said,
"I have no charge to make against you whatever, Sir, except that you met me in the street, and told me that you was a pawnbroker's clerk, and promised to get me a situation, and desired me to call at No. 8, Norfolk-street;" - which is all false, for I never saw him before in my life. He was taken to Bow-street and committed. He appeared to have a slight impediment in his speech, but not much.
Prisoner. Q. Can you positively swear that I said I would charge you with an unnatural crime - A. On my oath he did.


                  GEORGE 
                  HEATH
               



            , JUN. I am a waterman, and stood at the bottom of Surrey-street. I saw the prisoner running, and Mr. Goldsmid pursuing him. There was a cry of Stop thief. On seeing me he ran into the mud - if I had not been in the way, he could have run into Strand-lane. Mr. Goldsmid came down and told me what was the matter, and ran round to intercept him. I ran into the mud, and secured him. I asked what made him run away - he said he had done nothing; he was no thief. I brought him to Mr. Goldsmid; he then said Mr. Goldsmid had promised to get him a place; Mr. Goldsmid denied having any knowledge of him before, and said he had charged him with an unnatural crime. The prisoner said it was all false. He spoke very well at first, but afterwards stuttered a good deal.


                  JOHN 
                  HUGGINS
               



            . I live in Howard-street. I heard a dreadful cry of Stop thief; ran up stairs; came out and saw a mob running down Surrey-street; the prisoner was brought out of the mud; his clothes were muddy up to his arms. Mr. Goldsmid said he had charged him with an unnatural crime; he said he had made no such charge.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 13th of November I met a gentleman, who asked the way to Covent Garden-market. I shewed him the way; he asked what I was - I said I wanted a situation; he said if I came to the Hummums he would get me one. I went in after him, and asked the waiter his name - He said Goldsmid. I went on Monday; the waiter said he was gone to live at No. 8 Norfolk-street. I had a friend with me, and sent him to ask him to speak for me, as I was not able. The gentleman came out; I asked if he had heard of a situation - He said
"You do not know me." I said he had promised to get me one; I was leaving him, and there was a cry of Stop thief. I went down by the water to see what was the matter, slipped into the mud, and somebody collared me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
