





791. 
               
                  MARIA 
                  FAY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of March
, 1 pair of boots, value 50s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 2 seals, value 10s.; 1 watch-key, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s., and 1 knife, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hart
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS HART. I am a smith
, and live in Little Russell-street, Bloomsbury. On Sunday, the 5th of March, I met a woman in Rosemary-lane, but I cannot say it was the prisoner - I went with her to a room in Blue Anchor-yard


 - I did not intend to sleep, but I fell asleep there - I was very tipsy - the watchman called me about two o'clock - he asked me what I had lost; I told him I had lost a pair of boots, two seals, a waistcoat, a watch-key, a handkerchief, and a knife; I had the waistcoat and boots on the night before; I cannot recollect whether I had undressed myself - I had 16s. or 17s. in my pocket.
Prisoner. He came to my room with a young woman - the young woman gave me the waistcoat and two seals, and said he had left them with her - he was awake and heard what was said. Witness. I did not see any thing of the sort done.


                  JOHN 
                  TOLKER
               



            . I am a watchman of Rosemary-lane. I went into Blue Anchor-yard on Monday, the 6th of March - I found the prisoner with the waistcoat and seals in her pocket - my partner called to me to keep a look out - I saw something bulky on her side, and asked what she had got - she said nothing but a pocket handkerchief - I took her back to the room, and found the prosecutor in bed and asleep - I then found the other things.


                  JOHN 
                  DUNGATE
               



            . I am the beadle. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, and the watchmen gave me the articles.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it, but the young woman told me he was to go and get the money to redeem these things - the watchman was so tipsy that the Magistrate would not commit me on his evidence.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
