





781. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HOVER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of April
, a shirt, value 10 s., and a handkerchief, value 1 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Harrison
               




            .


                  LOUISA 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am the wife of George Harrison, a hatter
, who lives in Bethnell-green-road


. I take in linen to iron. The prisoner came to our house on the 2d of April, and asked for a hat at about 12 s.; I said I had none so low, and asked what price he could go to; he said
"Not more than 14 s." he tried several on, but did not take any; I said I could make one to fit him in about a quarter of an hour; he then went away, and the carpenter, who we had at work, gave me some information - I looked round and missed a shirt and a handkerchief, which was wrapped round it, from off a table in the shop.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  PETER 
                  MATAULL
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Wackett, who lives about three hundred yards from Mr. Harrison's. I was passing the shop and saw the prisoner with a small bundle in his left hand, tied in a handkerchief: he was carrying it under his apron: I went and told Mrs. Harrison, and saw him brought back in about ten minutes - I did not lose sight of him.


                  JOHN 
                  WACKETT
               



            . I am a carpenter - the last witness is my apprentice. I pursued the prisoner and brought him back; he denied having taken any thing, but as we were coming back he took something from under his apron, and threw it away - I did not pick it up - he ran away - I pursued and took him again.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SAVAGE
               



            . I sent this shirt to Mrs. Harrison's, to wash.


                  THOMAS 
                  COOPER
               



            . I took the prisoner, but found nothing on him but a paper of brass pins.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
