






642. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DENSHIRE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of February

, 2 books, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
the Royal Institution of Great Britian



            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to belong to 
               
                  
                     Samuel Weller 
                     Singer
                  



               
            .
The prisoner 


               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
643. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  DENSHIRE
               



             was again indicted 


               for stealing, on the 29th of January

, 1 cloak, value 8l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wade
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the Royal Institution of Great Britian
            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough-street. I apprehended the prisoner on Friday, the 13th of February, in consequence of a plan arranged at the office; I was directed to be at the Royal Institution at ten o'clock in the morning; I got there, directed a boy to come to me, and a little before seven o'clock in the evening, a boy came to the Institution, and presented me with a small bit of paper, stating that the letter and money left for the cloak, was to be sent by him - I directed the boy to give the man a letter, which five farthings were put into, and sent my boy to watch where he went; I saw him give the prisoner the letter with the farthings in it, in Stafford-street - I immediately ran up, and took the prisoner, with the letter in one hand, and his other hand in his breeches pocket; the farthings had not then been taken out. I took him back to the Institution, and asked his name - he pointed to the letter, and said that was his name - that he lived at No. 134, Mary-le-bone-street; I said there was no such number - he said, "What if I tell the truth;" I said, "I can say nothing to that - where is the cloak?" he said, "What will the gentleman say if I tell the whole truth?" I said I could say nothing about that; he said, "I will tell the whole truth, it is pawned:" I said, "Where?" he said, "In Wardour-street;" I said,"At Harris'?" he said, Yes, for 30s. - I found it there: he got into dreadful agony, and said he felt not for himself, but his friends - he is very respectably connected.


                  ROBERT 
                  JOHN CLARK
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Harris. The prisoner pawned this cloak.


                  ELEANOR 
                  BATES
               



            . I am housekeeper to Mr. John Wade - this is his cloak.
GUILTY. Aged 26.




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years, to commence from the expiration of the former term
            .
Before Mr. Justice Gazelee.
