





1408. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  DYKE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of June
, 3 silver-spoons, value 2l., and 3 silver-forks, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Farnham
               




            , his master.


                  THOMAS 
                  EVAN JONES
               



            . I am butler to Edward Farnham, Esq.
, of Stafford-street


. The prisoner was our under-butler
 till the 12th of June, and left about two o'clock that day; when he was gone, I examined the plate, as far as I could; it was then about in different parts of the house - I missed some; and when it was collected I missed this property.


                  JAMES 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 13th of June, the prisoner pawned these three table-spoons for 30s., and on the 19th he brought these forks to pawn; I observed that he had been filing out the crest; he said, No, it was a cypher, S. D.; I saw it had been a crest, because there was part of a scroll; I said I should detain him - he then said it was his father's crest which he had taken out, and intended to have his own put on; I asked hisname; he said, Samuel Dyke - I the usaid I would go home with him, as he said he lived close by; he took me to a house in Robert-street, and in the passage he asked if Mr. Douglass was at home, who he said was his landlord - I then said he must come to me again, and in about an hour, he and Douglass came together; I had known Douglass for ten years - he said, he did not know anything of these things; and then my employer went to a Magistrate.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did not you tell the prisoner you would meet him at Marlborough-street? A. Yes; he was at large till then - I did not go to the office the first evening; I was sent for the next day.
COURT. Q. You saw Mr. Dauglass first? A. Yes, and said, I was not satisfied, and wished to have some other person; he then went and brought a Mr. Woodland, who said he had known him a long time, and knew the forks to belong to his father - I did not go to the Magistrate till the next day; the prisoner was there then, and Woodland with him - Woodland then said he was told to say they were his father's by the prisoner, at the public-house; he was at liberty about half an hour, to go to get the second person.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I took the prisoner on the 16th; I think it was - he said they were his father's, and that he erased the initials out of them; I found a duplicate in a pocket-book, and that led to the spoons - I went to the prosecutor, and they counted up the plate, and missed them.


                  THOMAS 
                  EVAN JONES
               



            . These are Mr. Farnham's property, which I gave the officer, and those others appear of the same sets; this spoon is one of this set with the eagle, Lady Denbigh's crest erased from it - from this one a dolphin has been erased; these forks have part of a star on them.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not twice say at the office, that you would not swear to it? A. I did to these two spoons, but not to all the property; I did not at first swear to the property - the Magistrates were on the point of discharging the prisoner; no one whispered anything to me - the Magistrate said, there was the point of the wings, and the coronet to be seen, and them I saw it; I had not given the prisoner an inventory of the plate - I only know the forks by comparing them with the same set.
COURT. Q. Had you had a dinner party the day before? A. Yes; my master has some of the deceased Lady Deubigh's plate, which was left him - I have brought some with the different marks on them; here are some with a star, and some with a dolphin.
Prisoner's Defence. I had it from my father.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
