






Before Mr. Justice Park.
1799. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  GODFREY
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  LOCK
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of September
, 1 watch, value 20l., the goods of 
                     
                        Antoine 
                        Vieyres
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
ANTOINE VIEYRES. I am a watchmaker
, and lodge on the second floor at No. 25, Jermyn-street


; I do not keep a shop, but repair watches, and make them sometimes. Mr. Jordan rents the house, and lives on the first floor. On the 21st of September, about two o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoners came to my room together, and Godfrey said they came from Mr. Dubois, of King-street, who had given them my direction, and they had some musical watches to be repaired. I knew Mr. Dubois perfectly well, and should attend to his recommendation; they had not brought the watches, but gave me a direction where to go for them - I went to another part of the room to get pen and paper for them to write the direction - my glass-case, which hung on the wall, was at that time open, and I had several watches in it, and a gold one among them; the prisoners were within reach of it; I had wound up my watches in the morning, it was then there; I had been at home all day; nobody could have taken it before they came. When I got them the paper, Lock wrote this direction - (reads) "May, 31, Great Ormond-street" - he wrote it in Godfrey's presence - I was to go there for the watches. About an hour or an hour and a half after they were gone, I missed this watch - no other stranger had been to the room - I went to No. 31, Great Ormond-street, found they did not live there, and nobody had a watch to repair - I saw them in custody about six days after, and am certain of their persons.
Cross-examined by Mr. PLATT. Q. At what time did you wind the watch up? A. About ten o'clock in the morning - it was not in my hands after. Two gentlemen and a lady had called that morning - she came to pay me 25s. - the gentlemen were in the room longer than she was; the first came to fetch his watch - he was not ten minutes there; the second came for a lady's watch - he was not five minutes there; I opened the case to get it, and it was open while the prisoners were there; I did not leave the room while they were there; they did not stay above two minutes - both the gentlemen and the lady were customers.


                  RICHARD 
                  GARDENER
               



            . I am a constable of Bow-street. I apprehended the prisoners on the 21st of September, but found nothing on them relative to this charge.
GODFREY's Defence. He said the two gentlemen and the lady came, but he was sure they were not thieves. I know nothing of it.
LOCKE's Defence. He has perjured himself, for he said the lady came afterwards.
LOCK - GUILTY. Aged 19.
GODFREY - GUILTY. Aged 20.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
