





318. 
               
                  BENTON 
                  MINCHIN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, 9 yards of crape, value 12s; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 6s.; 3 yards of ribbon, value 3s.; 2 pairs of gloves, value 3s.; 7 yards of linen, value 8s., and 1 yard of calico, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Smark
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Jeremiah 
                        Spring
                     



.
WILLIAM SMARK. I am a linen-draper
, and live in Queen's-buildings, Brompton. On the 18th of December the prisoner came to the shop, and selected the goods stated in the indictment, which came to 2l. 5s. 7d.; he requested me to give my boy the change for 3l. to bring with the goods, and he would return three sovereigns by the boy - he did not give his address; the boy was to take the goods with him - he was an entire stranger to me, and was to pay ready money; I told my boy, in his presence, not to part with them without the money; the boy returned in an hour and a half without goods or money; I have not recovered them, nor received the money.
JEREMIAH SPRING. I am shop boy
 to the prosecutor. The prisoner came to the shop; my master gave me these articles to take with him; I was to receive three sovereigns, and not leave them without; the prisoner took me to the Admiral Keppel public-house; I followed him into the parlour; he asked me to give him the change, and he would bring me the three sovereigns; I said I would not; I put the parcel on the table, and was resting my hand on it - he took it up, and said he would go and shew it to the young woman; he went by the bar, out at the back door, and shut it; I went out, opened the door in a minute or two, and saw a young woman; I asked where the young man was; she said she had not seen him. I did not see him again till he was apprehended - I am quite sure he is the person.
Prisoner's Defence. I told the prosecutor I had not got the money, and if I could not get it, I would send them back,I did not see a person whom I expected at the house, and asked the boy to take them back, but he said he would leave them - they were quite pressed upon me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
