





818. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  BISHOP
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, 3 canvas-bags, value 1s.; 5lbs. of volatile salts, value 5s. 9d.; 54 penny pieces, and 132 half-pence, the property of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Eycott
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Eycott
                     



.
SAMUEL EYCOTT. I am fourteen years old, and am in my mother's employ - she deals in spice and grocery
, and lives in Great Garden-street, Whitechapel-road. On the 26th of February, about half-past four o'clock, I was coming from Somers'-town with these things in a bag - I had collected the money from different shops; the money was in two bags, which was put into a third bag, containing the salts - as I was going up Long-lane, I had got about fourteen yards out of Smithfield, the prisoner accosted me, and asked if I could show him the way to Cripplegate - he was alone; I said I was going that way - he kept in my company for a quarter of an hour - I am sure he is the lad; when I got to Cripplegate


 he showed me a pocket-book - he laid his bag (which was a blue one) down, and I put mine down on it to look at the pocket-book; while I was looking at it, both the bags were taken away by somebody, not by the prisoner - there were three boys a little behind him, before we came to Cripplegate-buildings - I had not observed them before; I just turned round, and the prisoner was gone also; he did not complain of loosing his bag - a crowd assembled as I called out; I know that the prisoner, and the three all went away; he had the pocket-book in his hand before he went away; he desired me to look at some writing which was in it - my bag was entirely gone. On the 6th of March my mother and I were passing along Well-street, Mile-end, and saw the prisoner talking to another young person - he saw me - he touched the other one on the arm and said,"That is the cove we served last week;" my mother asked if I noticed him, and when I looked at him, I was certain of him - I went after him - he tried to make his escape, and hit me in the face; my mother assisted me in securing him; I told her what had happened as soon as I got home; I am quite sure he is the boy.
Prisoner. Q. Did you say at Guidhall, that there were three more in my company? A. Yes.
ELIZABETH EYCOTT. I sent my son to sell some goods for me - this money was the produce of the goods; he returned about half-past five o'clock, and stated what had happened; I was with him in Mile-end, about a week afterwards, and met the prisoner with another boy - as the prisoner passed he looked at my son, and said, "That is the cove we served last week;" this induced me to notice him; I told my son to look at them; he said the one with the blue bag round his neck (which was the prisoner) was the boy who had robbed him; we pursued - the prisoner ran away, but was at last secured; I held him till Pasque came up; he denied the charge; the other boy went away.


                  JOHN 
                  PASQUE
               



            . I am a watchman of Mile-end. I was in Well street on the 6th of March, about half-past ten o'clock in the day, and found the prisoner in charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at Mile-end; this boy ran after me, and said he knew I was the boy who had robbed him, because I had a blue bag.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Life
            .
