






1062. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  McDOUGALL
               



             and 
               
                  
                     EPHRAIM 
                     WHITING
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of April
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 seal, value 1d.; 1 key, value 1d.; 1 watch-guard, value 1s.; 15 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Faulkes
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS FAULKES. I am a cordwainer
 and a watchman
 - the prisoners are privates in the 3d Foot Guards

. I had seen McDougall about Christmas last, when he came upon my beat drunk and disorderly. On the 28th of April I went into the Star and Crown public-house, at Westminster, about half-past ten o'clock - the prisoners were there, murmuring one with another; McDougall said they should be too late for duty - I immediately said,"Don't let that get you into trouble, the first coach that comes by the door press it, and I will pay for it;" a coach came up, and we all got into it - I did it with a view of taking them to the barracks, and preventing them from getting into trouble; McDougall ordered the coach to stop at the Queen's Head public-house, where we all got out - they said they would not go into the barracks without a pot of beer; we had a pot of beer and a glass of gin and water - I had paid for the coach: I then laid down half a crown to pay the waiter; McDougall took up the half-crown, and went out with the waiter - I did not think he meant to take it away, and called out,"Come, my man. bring the half-crown back!" he made no answer - Whiting said, "Your half-crown is all right;" I was very heavy and sleepy, and sat down on the settle and fell asleep - I had five half-crowns, a shilling, and a sixpence in my pocket; I had a watch, seal and key, a guard to it, and a gilt brooch in my pocket - when I awoke the landlord said, "What has become of your watch?" I felt and it was gone, and so was my money and brooch; I was quite sober, but I had been up the whole night at work at shoemaking - I am sure the money was in my trousers pocket, the watch in my fob, and the guard round my neck; I went to the barracks, and told the serjeant: I saw McDougall in the ranks, and accused him of having my property - this was two or three hours after I lost it.
JOSEPH GUILTY. I am a serjeant in the 3d Regiment of Foot Guards. The witness came to me about five o'clock in the evening and stated what he has to-day - he appeared to me then as if he had been drinking, but from what I have seen of him since I believe it to be his manner; he pointed McDougall out in the ranks, and said he had robbed him of half a crown, which he could swear to - the serjeant ordered him into the guard-room, and I found upon him 2s. 3 1/2d; I asked who had been in company with him - he said Whiting; about ten o'clock at night Whiting returned to the guard-room - I found on him four or five penny pieces,and two or three small pieces of glass, which appeared to be the glass of a watch; I said, "What have you done with the watch?" he said, "I had no watch" - the next morning he was taken before Captain Phipps, and said, "I know where the watch is, but I have not got it;" the adjutant said he would send a non-commissioned officer to get it, but he said he would send for it himself; I said again in the evening, "If you have the watch, why not give it up?" he then gave it me, and said, "Here it is, I have had it some time."
JAMES SELBY. I am an officer, and have the watch.
WHITING'S Defence. When we got into the coach he pulled his watch out, gave it into my hand, and said, "I have not money enough to keep up the spree, we will pawn this watch" - he said so a dozen times, but I would not have it; a soldier, named Barnett, gave it to me at six o'clock in the evening.
THOMAS FAULKES. There is no truth in this - the waiter saw it safe in my pocket; this is my watch.
WHITING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
McDOUGALL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
