







717. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     EDWARDS
                  





               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JACOBS
                  





               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of April
, one handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Oliver Dixon 
                        Green
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  OLIVER 
                  DIXON GREEN
               



            . I am a school-master
, and live in Aylesbury-street, Clerkenwell. On the 18th of April, at a quarter before eight o'clock at night, I went along King-street and Wellington-street, with my wife; a few paces up Wellington-street


, Waddington tapped me on the shoulder. I missed my handkerchief, turned round, and saw the three prisoners about twelve yards off, standing at a butcher's window, at the corner of King-street. Waddington went up, enclosed them in his arms, and pushed them all into the butcher's shop.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I am a constable. I first saw the prisoners at a linen draper's shop, in St. John-street, together. I watched them following a lady and gentleman, and in about ten minutes, I saw them in King-street, near Mr. Green. I walked on the opposite side, and saw Day draw a handkerchief out of Mr. Green's pocket; they crossed over to my side. I crossed, and told Mr. Green, then ran over to the butcher's, and pushed them into the shop. Edwards ran out, and Mr. Green pulled him in again; and in the scuffle, I saw him take the handkerchief out of his hat, and throw it down. I picked it up close behind him.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Jacobs did nothing - A. He was with the others.
JACOB'S Defence. I was not near him.
DAY'S Defence. The officer swears utterly false.
EDWARDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
JACOBS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
DAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.






               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
