





428. 
               
                  HANNAH 
                  HANSBOROUGH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of January
, two shawls, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Edmund 
                        Traice
                     



                   and 
                     
                        William Greenlaw 
                        Phillips
                     



                  , privately in their shop
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  ROBERT WISSETT
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 28th of January, about twenty minutes before eight o'clock, the prisoner offered to pawn two shawls for 10 s. I suspected that they were stolen, and detained her. She said she had bought them half a year ago in Crawford-street, but could not tell who of - I took them to the prosecutor's shop, who claimed them.
EDMUND TRAICE. I am in partnership with William Greenlaw Phillips, we are linen-drapers

 and silk mercers

, and live at the corner of Harcourt-street, Marylebone


. The prisoner came to our shop on the 28th of January, about half-past seven o'clock - she was alone, I did not see her come - she was served by one of my young men - there were three young men, my partner and myself in the shop at the time, and one or two other customers. Mr. Wissett brought in the shawls, and asked if we had lost them - I knew them to be mine.


                  HENRY 
                  RICHARD BUCKERIDGE
               



            . I received the prisoner in charge from Mr. Wissett, and found on her a bill of some things she had bought at Mr. Traice's - they were not shawls. As I was taking her to the watch-house she told me she found the shawls in the shop.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. After I left the shop, I met a woman well dressed, who asked me to go and pawn the shawls for her - she said she did not like to go in herself, but she would give me a shilling to take them; and if they asked me any questions, to say one cost 16 s., and the other 10 s. I saw her again the next night at the watch-house - I said to her, "You are the person who gave me the two shawls to pledge." She said, she had been but a short time out of the House of correction, and I believe she is now in prison.




               GUILTY. Aged 25. Of stealing, but not privately
            . 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
