






844. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HOLLIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THEODORE 
                     PIKE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of June
, one handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James Bernard 
                           Bernard
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            . - MR. HONE conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  BERNARD BERNARD
               



            . I am a barrister
, and reside in Gray's Inn. On the 15th of June, about nine o'clock in the morning, I was in Castle-street, Bloomsbury


 - I heard a voice call out
"They have picked your pocket." I felt and missed my handkerchief - and at the same time, turning round, I saw two persons running away. I pursued them towards Plumtree-street, into Museum-street, Broad-street, St. Giles's - and there they divided. I secured Hollis, and never lost sight of him. Pike was brought back, and my handkerchief produced.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HATTON
               



            . I am eleven years old, and belong to Shelton school; I live in Little Russell-street. On the 15th of June, I was coming out of a dairy in Castle-street with some milk, and saw Hollis draw the handkerchief from Mr. Bernard's pocket and give it to Pike, who followed close behind him. I am certain they are the boys. I immediately called to Mr. Bernard, they both ran away. I went home, and saw them at the office the same day.


                  JOHN 
                  CAREY
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live in Plumtree-street. I was passing from Museum-street to Drury-lane, and saw Pike running with a handkerchief in his hand. I joined in the pursuit - and when he ran across, he threw it into a shop-door. I picked it up, and gave it to the prosecutor - he was stopped directly.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoners pleaded distress.
HOLLES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
PIKE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
