






Before W. Arabin, Esq.
715. 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY 
                     DONAHU
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     BURGESS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March
, two decanter, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harris
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I keep a green-grocer's shop. I know Harris, he is a carpenter
, and lives near the Nelson public-house, at Chelsea


. On the 26th March, about twelve o'clock, I was wheeling gravel, nearly opposite his house, and observed Donahu and two others at play. I watched them for a few minutes, and then saw one, less than either of the prisoners, go from them, and walk by Harris's house, then return, and go into the shop, he came out in a minute or two, with something bulky under his coat, he joined the other two, who were fifty or sixty yards off, and all turned out of the road. I gave an alarm - Harris's son joined in the pursuit; I fetched Larkin, and took Donahu in ten minutes; I am certain he was one of them; he was in company with the boy. I saw a decanter in his bosom as I followed him, saw him take it out, and put it on the coping of a wall. I took it up, followed, and never lost sight of him afterwards.


                  HENRY 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  John 
                  Harris
               



            . I was called, and watched the prisoners - Donahu was one of them; I saw a decanter in his bosom; another boy dropped the other; they are my father's, and had been taken from the shop window.
- LARKIN. Bennett came to me, and pointed three persons out - we followed them, and by the waterside one of them threw a decanter down. I made a catch at them, but fell, and they got out of my sight, and am not certain whether the prisoners are the person.
DONAHU - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BURGESS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
