





564. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FITZGERALD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April
, one watch, value 10 s.; two seals, value30 s., and one watch-key, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Mayne
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  MAYNE
               



            . I live in the Kent-road, at the floorcloth manufactory. During the chairing of Sir 
               
                  Francis 
                  Burdett
               



             I attended two ladies to see the chairing in the Haymarket, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I left the ladies there in a coach, and went to Charing-cross on business; on my return, in about a quarter of an hour, a young man passed before me, and made a snatch at my watch - he got it - it had also two seals; I seized him immediately, and held him about half a minute, when I was surrounded by a gang of them. They took him from me after a great resistance. The prisoner bit my thumb; he is not the person who took my watch, but he was one of the party - there were about twelve of them; they came up immediately, and the prisoner bit my finger, which made it bleed freely. I called out for assistance, but there was such a gang of them that the people were afraid to come and help me. I kept hold of the prisoner - they turned out my pockets, and kicked me. I did not lose anything else.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. You were in the crowd - A. No, I was not in the crowd at all - it was in Cockspur-street


. I took the prisoner at the time. When I went before the Magistrate I only charged him with an assault, and through the solicitation of his father he was held to bail. After that I went before the Grand Jury, and preferred a charge of felony. I told them the same story I have told you.
Q. What is the reason, after you preferred a charge of assault, that you went before the Grand Jury - A. I heard that he was a bad character. I believe he was found at his own dwelling.
JURY. Q. Is the prisoner the man who bit your hand - A. Yes. He bit the hand that I held the other by, to induce me to let him go.


                  RICHARD 
                  HAYWARD
               



            . I am an officer, and live in Coventry-court, Haymarket. I saw two men holding the prisoner, and calling for an officer. Mr. Mayne told me that he had been robbed by a gang - his hand was bit; they did not attempt to molest me. I said he had bit the gentleman's hand. He said the gentleman had nearly choaked him, and he bit him to make him let go.
Cross-examined. Q. It was all over before you came up - A. Yes. When the complaint was made at Marlborough-street Office, the prisoner was remanded for re-examination. He was charged with the same offence as he is now, but there was some little difference on the second examination. The prosecutor did not appear quite so sure of his being the man. He was, with the approbation of the prosecutor, committed into custody for an assault.
COURT. Q. Did he ever say that the man only struck him, or that he was one who attempted to rescue the other - A. He said he tried to rescue the other.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . The prosecutor came to Hicks's Hall and filed a bill for Grand Larceny. I was sent to take the prisoner into custody - he had not surrendered to his bail when he was apprehended. He said he supposed he should go for life. I was not present when he was first apprehended.
Prisoner's Defence. I was with my father; I went into the crowd, and was separated from him. I never struck Mr. Mayne; he took hold of me by the collar - I said
"You will strangle me!" and hit him to make him let go.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
