






FOURTH DAY. MONDAY, DECEMBER 11.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sargeant Arabin.
37. 
               
                  EMMA 
                  GREEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November

, 1 ring, value 10s.; 2 pairs of ear-rings, value 5s.; 2 seals, value 30s.; 1 watch, value 40s.; 1 book, value 6d., and 1 1/2 yard of lace, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Newman
                     



                  ; 1 cap, value 1s.; 3 yards of ribbon, value 1s.; 1 pair of scissars, value 6d.; 2 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, and 14 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Knape
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of the said John Newman
            ; and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SAUNDERS
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said ring, being part and parcel of the said goods, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
ANN KNAPE. I am housekeeper
 to John Newman, who keeps a public-house in Sun-yard, Nightingale-lane, in the parish of St. Botolph, Aldgate





; the prisoner, Green, was fourteen days in his service, as maid of all work

. On Sunday morning, the 12th of November, about twenty minutes to twelve o'clock, I saw her standing at the next door talking to a young man - I told her, her master would be very angry, and said, "I have found you out; what, is that your sweatheart?" she said, No, that was not the right one, but he was the brother of a young man who was in trouble; a neighbour came and gave me information - I mentioned this to master - an officer was fetched and her box was opened, but I was not present; I afterwards found in her box a pair of scissars, 1 1/2 yard of lace, and a spelling-book, which belonged to my master; also a lace cap of mine and the trimmings of a bonnet - this was on Monday, I did not look at her box myself on Sunday - I have the key of a drawer, in which Mr. Newman keeps his money, and from which was missing two sovereigns and a half, and fourteen shillings; I got the key from Mary James - a pair of ear-rings was also missing.


                  THOMAS 
                  OBORNE
               



            . I am a headborough. I was sent for on Sunday, and the prisoner's master said he had lost a ring and several things, and suspected her - she said she knew nothing of it - I went up and opened her trunk in her presence, it was unlocked - I found a pair of ear-rings and a gold drop - she said her master gave them to her - I asked what she had done with the gold ring which had not been found - she said she had given it to a young man, named Saunders, that she was sweeping and had found it among the dirt.


                  MARY 
                  JAMES
               



            . I was servant to Mrs. Sheen, who is a widow, and was turned away in consequence of this circumstance - I live in Bushel's-rents. I have known Green seven years - I was going up Nightingale-lane between ten and eleven o'clock, on the night of the 12th of November, she ran after me and asked if I had a pocket on; I said, No - she asked if I would mind a purse for her till she called in the evening for it - she gave me the purse - I never looked into it - Ann Knape came, and I gave her the same purse - this is it (looking at it).
ANN KNAPE. The purse contained a sovereign, seven shillings, two sixpences, a pair of ear-rings, and the key of master's drawer; they were all in it when she delivered it to me - I know the ear-rings very well.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES DOWNES
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended Saunders about eleven o'clock on Saturday night, the 11th of November; I heard the rattles spring, and found the watchman securing him at Wapping - I took him to the watch-house and asked his name, which he refused to give - I found this ring on him, and asked where he got it - he said it was immaterial to me.
JOHN NEWMAN. I keep this house. I know this ring to be mine, and the ear-ring belongs to my child.
GREEN's Defence. The money was given to me by a young man, who is gone to sea - I found the ring when I was sweeping the tap-room, and gave it to Saunders - I picked up the key, but did not know it was in the purse.
GREEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SAUNDERS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
