






780. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  TALBOT
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  COSTIGANI
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Williams
               




            .


                  ANGELIOUS 
                  BERTRAUN
               



            . I am a constable. On the 2d of March, about a quarter before eight o'clock in the evening, I was in King-street, Covent-garden


, and saw the two prisoners, in company with another person, following the prosecutor, who had a lady with him; I saw the one who is not in custody take the handkerchief, and give it to Talbot - they then came on towards Covent-garden, where I lost them, but Costigani was still in King-street, calling out Jack; he then came down into Covent-garden, and I followed him to Broad-court, where I saw the three together again, with a fourth person; they were looking at the handkerchief under a gas-light; the third one got off - I attempted to take him, but he got from under my hand.
Cross-examined by Mr. PRENDERGAST. Q. Then you did not see Costigani till you saw him in Broad-court? - A. Yes; they were together when the handkerchief was drawn; I did not know him before.
WILLIAM WILLIAMS. I am a medical-man
. I was going to the Theatre, and had this handkerchief in my pocket - the officer came to me, and told me I had lost it; I then gave him my address. I did not see the prisoners.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I was in company with Bertraun the whole time, and saw all he has described; when we saw them looking at the handkerchief I went and took Costigani, who had then got the handkerchief round his neck.
Cross-examined. Q. How can you account for his having it round his neck? A. A handkerchief is tied round a neck in a minute; when I first saw it they were looking at it under the gas-light, but before we got to them he had got it on his neck; I suppose they did not see us looking at them - we got up to them in about a minute. Bertraun took it off. I am quite sure I saw Costigani in King-street, perhaps for five or six minutes.
COURT to ANGELIOUS BERTRAUN. Q. What time elapsed between your seeing the third boy take the handkerchief, and your seeing the three boys looking at it? - A. About a quarter of an hour; I did not lose sight of Costigani, except when he turned the corner. I took the handkerchief, which was tied round his neck; I did not see him tie it round.(Property produced and sworn to.)
COSTIGANI'S Defence. My mother lets out a room in Wild-court; she sent me to see if the lodger had paid the rent, and when I got to Covent-garden I saw a lad named Smith, who said he was going to Bedfordbury; he went to buy some oranges, and I went on - when I was in King-street a lad came and said, "Is not that William?" I saidYes, and he said he would go with me to Wild-court, and a boy, they call Jack, the plasterer, came and asked him to buy a handkerchief - he said he had no money, but the boy pressed him to buy it; he said, "It is small - I do not think it will go twice round my neck;" I said it would go twice round mine. I then saw the two men coming up the court - when I saw the others run I ran.
TALBOT'S Defence. I met this lad, and walked with him - a lad came and asked if I would buy a handkerchief - I was looking at it when the officer came and took me.
TALBOT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
COSTIGANI - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
