






269. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  LAW
               




             and 
               
                  CHARLOTTE 
                  NICHOLLS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
, 1 half-crown, 6 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        John 
                        Panton
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN PANTON. I am a boot and shoe-maker
, and live in Star-yard, Chancery-lane. On Sunday, the 16th of December, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I was in Golden-lane


 - I had been drinking, but was not intoxicated at all. I and a friend called in at the Britannia public-house (where I had never been before) and had something to drink; I had six shillings, a half-crown, and a sixpence. I left the house with that money in my left-hand breeches pocket, having paid two sixpences at the house; we were not there above half an hour; I left my companion in the house, and came out alone. I got about one hundred yards, to the corner of Brackley-street, Golden-lane; I was there knocked down by a man, by a blow in my mouth; there were four women with that man; the prisoners were two of them; Nicholls held me fast while Law took my money out of my pocket; I could swear to the man if I was to see him; Law had been in the house where I was drinking, and I knew her directly I saw her in the street; I had a gas-light over my head, and am certain of them both I got up, and pursued both the prisoners, but did not call out, as my mouth was full of blood, from the effects of the blow - I could not call out much. I did not lose sight of either of them, till they got into a house, and the door was shut - I understood the house to be the back part of the Salmon and Ball public-house; I felt very ill, and did not get them secured - I went home, and next morning I went to find them out; I went into Cripplegate without, and got Wetherall; we went to the Britannia; there was no one there that I knew, but as we came out, we turned ourselves round, and Law was coming up the street, in company with another woman - I gave her into Wetherall's charge - I had no doubt whatever of her. In the evening of the same day I went, with Wetherall and Atterwell, to the spot where they got into the house; I knew the house, and went in: we found Nicholls on the stairs of that house - I was positive of her directly; I swear to her now, and did so before the Magistrate. My money was not marked; I believe no money was found on them. I sometimes work for myself, and sometimes for other people; I lodge in the second floor, and have a wife and four children.
Prisoner LAW. Q. Had you not been drinking with me for above an hour? A. My friend and I went in - there was certainly some liquor drank between us, and the prisoner helped herself, but without my permission; my friend certainly knew the house, but I was never in it before.
COURT. Q. Did any familiarities pass between you, or did you invite her to join your company when you went out? A. By no means, nor did I intend any thing of the sort; she took the liquor without my consent.


                  JOHN 
                  WETHERALL
               



            . I am a constable of Cripplegate without. On Monday, the 17th, Panton complained to me of having been robbed on the previous night - I went with him to endeavour to find the party, about one o'clock in the afternoon; he described the persons to me before. I accompanied him to Golden-lane - we went into the Britannia- they were not there; soon after we came out I stood talking at the door with him - I looked down the lane, and saw two females coming up; I told him to look down, and he said Law was the woman who took the money out of his pocket; I asked if he was positive - he said he could swear to her; I took her, and locked her up - he knew nothing of the other woman. Brackley-street is all in the City - he met me at six o'clock, at the Britannia; Atterwell, he, and I went to the back of the Salmon and Ball yard; Panton pointed to the door - we went in; Atterwell waited at the bottom of the stairs; as I went up the first flight of stairs I heard somebody running up the second flight; the room door was open, and Law's daughter was there - and on the second flight of stairs I found Nicholls; Panton had not described her, but said he should know her if he saw her - the moment I took her down to him he said she was the person who held him while he was robbed. He spoke to her with certainty, and said he could swear it; he said, "You are the person who held me;" she denied it, and said he was mistaken.


                  JOHN 
                  ATTERWELL
               



            . I went to this house with Wetherall. When Nicholls was brought down, Panton said, that was the woman who held his arm; I asked him about it several times, saying it was a serious charge - he said, over and over again, she was the woman who held his arms. No money was found on her.
Prisoner NICHOLLS. Q. Did he not say I had been to the public-house with him, and I insisted upon being taken there, and the landlord said I was not there? A. I think something of the sort was said, but he denied it afterwards.


                  JOHN 
                  PANTON
               



            . I never stated she was with me; I said the other was with me.
LAW's Defence. On the very same evening I came out,and told Nicholls to mind my child and my place, while I went to the Britannia, as a man owed me a shilling, who used the house; I staid an hour - Mr. Panton came in, and called for a pot of beer; he said, "You seem very cold - will you have a pot of porter with me?" - I said I had no objection, and drank with him. He sent for a quartern and a half of gin, and I drank a glass; in ten minutes he called for another quartern and a half - he seemed intoxicated then- I had another glass with him; and in a quarter of an hour he called for another quartern and a half, which his friend and him drank; I objected to drink more, having been ill; I got up, and bade them good night: he wished me to have more beer. As I came out he said, "Have you got a place you can take me home to?" I said I had, but it was a good way off, near Bunhill-row; he said he did not mind. I took him home, and Nicholls, who was at my house, showed us a light, and went out of the room; I said, "How much money will you give me?" he said "I have only 1s. 6d. - I shall send for a quartern and a half of gin, and give you the 1s.;" he sent me for the gin; I got it from the Salmon and Ball, and brought it up stairs; Nicholls waited at the door, and I fetched it; we all three had a glass: she went away to her room with my child; in a little time the woman of the house fetched her over, and said there were words between me and the man; Nicholls came over - he said he was robbed of half-a-crown and 3s., because I would not let him lay on my bed; I said he might search my place; I had no money but the 1s. which he gave me: he tried to snatch it out of my hand- I said, "Don't ill-use me, send for an officer, and give charge of me;" Nicholls said, "Don't commit violence on the woman," and the woman who lived down stairs said,"Don't hurt her." I went to the door; he wrenched the shilling out of my hand, and said, "I will serve you out tomorrow;" he went out, and I was so agitated that Nicholls said, "Don't go out again to-night;" I went out next morning; I was hardly able to walk, and the officer took me. As to my being in Brackley-street, I deny it; I did not think him capable of swearing what he has.
NICHOLL's Defence. I was not outside the door till half-past ten o'clock. I told the officers if they would go to a public-house in Angel-street, they would find that I had been there with a young man. I have written to the prosecutor, to say if he would go to the young man he could prove I was in his company from half-past three o'clock. I never saw the prosecutor till he came into Law's room.
JOHN WETHERALL re-examined. Q. When you took Law, did she give this account of the transaction? A. No- she said something similar to it to the Alderman, on the 18th.
JURY to JOHN PANTON. Q. Did you leave the public-house before Law, or after? A. She left before me, I suppose ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; I did not observe any man go out with her. I am certain the man who knocked me down was not in the room where I was. I cannot say whether any other woman was there with Law.
COURT. Q. Did you know your way home from the Britannia? A. Yes; but I went from the public-house, to call on a friend who lived in Whitecross-street - I was in the way to Whitecross-street.
JOHN WETHERALL. The corner of Brackley-street was in his way to Whitecross-street.
LAW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.
NICHOLLS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.





               Transported for Life
            .
