





1606. 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  WILSON
               



             was indicted for a 


               misdemeanour
            .
(See Page 522.)
MR. LAWS conducted the prosecution.


                  ROBERT 
                  COLES
               




            . I live at Southampton, and have been a cabinet-maker. I saw in the newspaper an advertisement respecting advancing money, in consequence of which I sent a letter to the person from whom it came; in reply to that I received a printed letter, on the 16th of May, about three weeks after I had written. I then wrote another letter to 
               
                  John 
                  Cooper
               



            , which was the name subscribed to the letter I received. I did not send any thing in that letter; but I sent a third letter, with my note of hand for 350 l.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENDERSON
               



            . I am clerk to the solicitor for this prosecution. I served a notice on the prisoner, and on his solicitor's clerk, to produce these letters.
MR. ADOLPHUS to Mr. COLES. Q. Were you present when all the prisoner's papers were seized at his lodgings? A. I was; I do not know whether they were all taken away; my original letters are in Court.
Re-examined. Q. Did you make any list of his papers? A. No; I do not know whether Mr. Cardale has many letters in his possession. I wrote a first letter, and had an answer to that which is here - I afterwards received these two, in consequence of which I sent something on the 29th of May: here is the second note I sent - this signature is my writing.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATTS
               



            . I have two letters here which I brought from Mr. Cardale.
ROBERT COLES re-examined. Q. Is this letter your hand-writing? A. Yes; all these three letters are my hand-writing; I enclosed this note in one of these letters; I came to town and gave notice for the apprehension of the prisoner on the 15th of June.


                  SARAH 
                  HANDLEY
               



            . I live at No. 35, New Union-street, Moorfields, in the parish of St. Giles, Cripplegate, in the City. I knew the prisoner by the name of J. Cooper; he lodged with us in May last - he paid 5 s. down; I asked him for a reference, but he said if he paid the money down it would be sufficient, as he came from the country. A great many letters came to him in the name of "John Cooper, Esq.," and he opened them. I have frequently seen him write; these letters are his writing and this note, except the signature, "Robert Coles" - he was occupying our front room, on the first floor, when he was apprehended, and had been there about four months.
Cross-examined. Q. Who do you live with? A. My grandmother. He occupied our room as a counting-house - he did not sleep there; he had a clerk there; I cannot swear to any particular letter which I saw him open; he has frequently shown me the difference of the clerk's hand-writing and his. I do not know of any letter he received so as to specify them; these two letters are written by the prisoner - he differs in his hand-writing; some of his papers were taken at our house - whether these were or not I cannot tell. I often took in letters of the postman for him; they were taken to his room; and he has opened them before me.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am watch-house-keeper, and know the prisoner - I saw him write this letter while he was in custody at the watch-house; he asked me to get it delivered according to the address "Mr. Williams, No. 8, Lloyd's-row, Sadler's Wells." I sent for Bee an officer, and gave it to him.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you always take this manly course with letters? A. No; it is very rare that we have letters, but I generally see them. I made no mark on this letter, but it appears to be the same.
ROBERT COLES re-examined. Q. Was this letter produced to you when the prisoner was arrested? A. The watch-house keeper read it at Bunhill-row - I went to the place described; the landlady shewed us which was Mr. Williams's room. I found my own letters and bills there; the letters had been addressed to "No. 35, New Union-street."


                  JAMES 
                  HANCE
               



            . Q. Whose hand-writing are these papers? A. The prisoner's. I know his hand-writing well; I dare say I have seen him write a hundred times.
RNBERT COLES re-examined. Q. Did you, in consequence of this letter of the 11th of May, send any bill? A. Yes; a bill for 350 l., which I have not been able to find. I sent it in consequence of my belief that what was stated in this letter was correct. I received another letter, stating the form of that note was not correct, and I sent a second note on the 29th of May, for 350 l.
COURT. Q. Did you ever get it into your possession again till the prisoner was taken up? A. No.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was not that letter sent back to you by the post? A. No; it never came to my hands.
MR. LAW. Q. How many letters of your's did you find? A. Two. I sent three or four. I sent the last letter to the same direction as the other. I sent it by post, and paid the postage. It was never transmitted to me again; in consequence of the first letter, I sent the first note, and in consequence of another letter, I sent a second note on the 29th of May; I never received one shilling for either of them, nor had a word of explanation until the prisoner was taken up. I had him apprehended, and saw at Lloyd's-row the list of bills, and my letters,which had been addressed to New Union-street, and a vast number of papers beside. I sent my last bill on the 29th of May - came to town the 14th of June - and took the prisoner on the 15th.
Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. I have not worked at any trade for some years. I have some houses, and live upon my property. I made a tea-chest last year. I did keep a shop, but am in no way of business now. I employ myself in working sometimes. I have nothing to do with farming, but like many others, I wanted accommodation for a short time. I have eight or nine houses, some of them are freehold - they let for about 150 l. a year. I did apply for money for this note - but if I had applied to my friends I might have borrowed it. I was in London the latter end of April, but had not negotiated a loan then. I never applied to a person named Coster to raise money - nor ever had any thing to do with the raising of money till I received the letter from the prisoner - nor ever saw him until he was in custody. I received an annonymous letter, in consequence of which I came to town, and called on Mr. Whitty, in the Temple, and on Messrs. Spinks and Brundett. I went to Abchurch-lane, and called at Mr. Cardale's office, by Mr. Creed's direction. I never saw Mr. Creed until I came to town. I had seen a prospectus about a society for the protection of trade. I went to Mr. Creed, on Tuesday the 14th of June. I had received the letter on Tuesday the 12th. I took the prisoner in Finsbury-square. I sent my first note in a letter to him. I have never had any money demanded from me, by virtue of that note. I transmitted a letter containing my second, on the 20th of May, and came up to town on the 13th of June. I found the note at the prisoner's lodgings.
MR. LAW. Q. You received your anonymous letter and came to town, and saw Mr. Creed at Mr. Cardale's office, and went and discovered these things? A. Yes.
COURT. Q. Did you go to Mr. Spinks, in consequence of the letter you received from London? A. Yes; I applied to a solicitor in Southampton, and he gave me a letter to Brundett and Spinks.
MR. LAW to 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HANCE
               



            . Q. Do you know the prisoner? A. I have known him more than two years - I know Mr. Coster - he and the prisoner were connected in bill transactions - I have known the prisoner by the name of Wilson and Oglivie - I was acquainted with his circumstances - he was not, during any part of my acquaintance with him, in a condition to discount bills for 300 l.; he was chiefly supported by what he received from Coster - I do not know what he paid him - I knew him residing in Love-lane, and carrying on business in Rood-lane, Fenchurch-street, in conjuction with Coster - there were bill transactions carried on there - I did not know of his residing in Union-street or Lloyd's-row.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you discontinued your acquaintance with him? A. Yes, since the month of February last; from that time I have known nothing more of him than his being here; when I speak of him as in connexion with Coster, I mean he was employed by Coster; since then he may have gone into business, which I have not known; he arrested me in the month of May, and he had been bail for me on some occasions before.
MR. LAW. Q. You had not parted upon bad terms? A. No, I had no quarrel with him.
(The letters sent to the prosecutor were here read.)
35, New Union-street, Moorfields, May 11, 1825.
SIR:
I have been informed, you require an advance of 500 l.; if this is correct, as I have an unlimited discount at a Scotch Bank, I will cash your acceptances, or promissory notes for the above, or any other sum; at three or six months, charging five per cent, interest, and 2 s. 6 d. for commission; and I will also undertake to renew the same as they become due, upon receiving ten days' notice, that I may have time by receiving others to provide for the first - you may rely upon honour and secrecy.
JOHN COOPER.
MR. ROBERT COLES.
May 24, 1825.
SIR;
Unless I am in possession of your promissory notes, at least ten days, I cannot hand you the proceeds, as I before stated. I discount with a country bank; you will not be running the slightest risk in sending it to me direct, as I must indorse it myself, before I cash it - I will enclose you a Bank of England post bill for the amount, after deducting interest and commission.
JOHN COOPER.
May 28, 1825.
SIR;
I received your letter, but the bill is of no use, in consequence of a mistake in the drawing of it; I now send you a copy, and be careful to make it correct; you must make it payable in London, where your banker's, at Southampton, make their country notes payable, and when it is due, by paying the money into the Southampton bank, they will send it to the London bankers to pay it.
JOHN COOPER.
Southampton, May 28, 1825.
L. 350
Three Months after date, I promise to pay to Mr. John Cooper or order, Three hundred and Fifty Pounds for value received.
Your name.
At the bankers in London whoever they are.
The letter written by the prisoner at the watch-house, also a list of bills found at his lodgings, were here read, for which see his former trial, page 522.


                  HARRIET 
                  PADDOCK
               



            . I have known the prisoner by the name of Frederick Wilson. He lodged with me at No. 25, John's-row, St. Luke's. He first rented a front room furnished, at five shillings and sixpence per week, and afterwards took the floor at eight shillings. He always slept there, and kept very good hours. I saw a gentleman twice who came to visit him, and gave his name Coster. I did not think he was in circumstances of affluence - when he first came, I took him to be a lawyer's clerk - he had no servant - he had a wife and two children - his circumstances seemed to improve while he was there - I have lent him a few shillings at times.
Cross-examined. Q. How long was he with you? A. He came a month before Christmas, and left on the 18th of April.
ROBERT COLES re-examined. Q. Will you look at this printed letter, and tell me whether you had writter a letter to which this was reply? A. Yes I had, which I addressed to "Stewart and Co.;" I think I did address a letter to Coster, in Staining-lane. I did not receive any letter from Coster, signed "Coster;" it was some considerable time afterwards before I received a letter from the prisoner - I think it was in April or March that I wrote to Stewart.
MR. ADOLPHUS addressed the Court and Jury on behalf of the defendant.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
