





1127. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  M'VILLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of August
, one hat, value 22 s.; one brush, value 9 d., and 17 s. 3 d. in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Pitt
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Yate
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  YATES
               



            . I manage the business
 of Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Pitt
               



            , who has a hatter's shop
 in Oxford-street. On the 12th of August the prisoner ordered a hat to be sent to Mr. Bond, No. 12, Colvill-court, Charlotte-street, Rathbone-place - the hat came to 22 s., and a brush to 9 d. I sent them by Wood, and gave him 3 d. for change. He brought them back, and asked for change of a 2 l. note. I gave him 17 s. in addition to the 3 d.; he returned with two 1 l. notes of the Milston-street Bath Bank, made payable at No. 11, Crutched Friars. I sent them for payment two or three days after, he brought them back. I had ordered Wood not to leave the goods without the money. On the 14th I went to Colville-court, and found no Mr. Bond lived there.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did you receive the order from the prisoner - A. Yes, he wrote his name as Bond - he tried three hats on, and said it was for his brother at Romford. I am not in partnership with Mr. Pitt, but merely his agent.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am errand-boy to Mr. Pitt; Yates sent me with a hat and box to Mr. Bond, No. 12, Colville-court - he gave me 3 d., and told me not to leave them without the money. I went to Colville-court, and met the prisoner at the door - I did not knock; I am certain it was him. He said,
"My little man, is that hat for me?" I said,
"Yes, Sir." He asked if I had change for 2 l.? I said I had only 3 d. He said,
"Run back, you may take the hat with you or leave it here; you have no need to be afraid, I will not run away - make haste, as I am in a hurry." I ran back with the hat, got 17 s., and found him at the corner of the court. He said,
"You have made haste, here is 3 d for you." I gave him 17 s. and he gave me two notes - I brought Mr. Yates the same notes, he did not approve of them. I went a day or two after to No. 11, Crutched Friars; I found no such persons as Sampson and Brothers, nor had they lived there for ten years.
Cross-examined. Q. They never sent you to Bath - A. No. There was a man tried at Clerkenwell for an offence at this house.
MR. ANDREWS, on behalf of the prisoner, called


                  MARY 
                  PHILLIMORE
               



            . I live at No. 12, Colville-court. A man about the prisoner's height called about some lodgings, I agreed to take him if his character answered, but he never came again. While he was in my house this lad brought a hat, the man went to the door; Wood had knocked at the door between two and three o'clock, he said he had brought a hat for the man, the man went to the door to him - it was not the prisoner - he was a country-looking man. I left them at the door, and did not see the boy give him the hat.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not see him give him the hatbox - A. Yes, I saw the man with the box when he left me.
Prisoner. I declare my innocence - they both said I was not the man. There is a man now at Sheerness who committed the offence, and has confessed it.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOD
               



             re-examined. I did not go into the house. I found the prisoner at the door, and am certain I did not knock at the door at all. When I returned with the change he was at the corner of the court. I afterwards took the notes back to get them changed, I knocked at the door then, and Mrs. Phillimore let me in - I had partedwith the hat before this. She said the gentleman only came to take a lodging. I had not been in the house before, but when he ordered the hat he said if he should be out his wife would pay me. When I saw the prisoner at the corner of the court he went to the door, stood with one foot on the step, and paid me. There was another man standing in the court, leaning against a post. I am positive the prisoner is the man - I never doubted it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
