





1357. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of September
, two gold chains, value 8 l. 3 s., and four pairs of cornelian tops and drops, value 24 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Pickering
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Horne
                  



               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  PICKERING
               



            . I am a jeweller
, and live in Banner-street, Finsbury. On the 30th of September I sent these articles to the coach-office, by my boy - to the Cross Keys, in Wood-street, directed to Messrs. Hart and Hyams, Canterbury. I sent them to go by the three o'clock coach. On the 4th of October, I found the prisoner in custody, with one chain and two pair of ear-rings.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KEMMISH
               



            . I am thirteen years old, and wasin Mr. Pickering's service. On the 30th of September, I saw these articles put into a parcel, which I took to the Cross Keys, and delivered to a person in the coach-office, and paid 2 d. for booking; he took it off the counter. I do not know the prisoner - I saw two pair of drops and tops and a chain, before the Alderman, on the Saturday following.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am porter to the Dover coach, which goes through Canterbury. A few days previous to this circumstance I had leave to go out of town, and got the prisoner to do my business in the office, having known him some years - it would be his business to carry the parcels from the office to the coach, which sets off from the Bricklayers' Arms. I returned on the 27th of September, but not being very well, he continued in my situation. I gave him 10 s. 6 d.; and on Tuesday evening, the 30th of September, he came to me. I went to the office next day, and heard the parcel was missing.


                  STEPHEN 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I am porter at the Cross Keys, and was there on the 30th of September, in the bookkeeper's office; the prisoner acted as porter to the Dover coach for Harris - I saw him take this parcel, directed to Hart and Hyams, of Canterbury, off the counter; and put it into his side pocket. I did not suspect him, it being a small parcel - I thought he put it there for safety; it was enquired about next day, and I mentioned what I had seen - I told him to take care of it, when he put it in his pocket, and to give it to the guard. When it was enquired for he was drunk in the stable, and was taken that evening.


                  HENRY 
                  POLDEN
               



            . I am guard of the Dover coach. On the 30th of September, I received several parcels from the prisoner, but none for Hart and Hyams, to my knowledge. We arrived at Canterbury at four o'clock in the morning; and on looking at the way-bill this parcel was missing.
Prisoner. Q. Are you sure I did not give it to you - A. Not to my knowledge. I believe he gave me three.
Q. Did I not tell you they were all of consequence - A. No, or I should have remembered it; he counted the parcels to me, and the number he mentioned was right by the way-hill. I counted them after him, but one Mr. Potter, a passenger, had several parcels, which were entered as parcels, and some as baggage - I might have counted one of his. I locked the boot up immediately. I found I had one of Potter's parcels in the boot, which was not entered in the way-bill.


                  ROBERT 
                  HESKETH
               



            . I am a day patrol. I was fetched on the 1st of October, and took the prisoner - he was intoxicated, I found a pair of tops and drops in his great coat pocket - another pair, and a gold chain were given to me by Harris. When he got sober, I asked him how he came by those found on him; he said he found a parcel at the Bricklayers' Arms, which appeared to have been run over by a coach wheel, that he delivered the parcel that was missing to the guard, and told him it was a valuable one, and to take care of it; he said the things given me by Harris, were also in the parcel which he picked up. On the Friday following, we found out Mr. Pickering.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARRIS
               



             re-examined. I found the prisoner drunk in the stable. I searched him, and asked what he had done with the parcel - he said he gave it to the guard. I found the gold chain in his pocket, and the ear-rings in his hand - this was the day after the parcel was stolen.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I found the parcel at the Brick-layers' Arms, very much smeared with mud, picked it up, and found these articles, and offered to sell them at the Cross Keys, and Bricklayers' Arms.


                  HENRY 
                  POLDEN
               



            . I am sure I did not drop any parcel which he gave me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
