





495. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SCOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of March
, two blankets, value 14 s.; two sheets, value 10 s., and one gown, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Eliza 
                     Sullivan
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  ELIZA 
                  SULLIVAN
               



            . I am a widow, and live in Shouldham-street, Edgware-road


. On the 7th of March, about eight o'clock in the evening, I made my bed, and immediately after missed these things. I found the two blankets and gown next night at the watch-house, and found the prisoner in custody - he was a stranger. I believe the street door was left open.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  HURLEY
               



            . I am a watchman in Seymour-place, Crawford-street, about twenty yards from Shouldham-street. On the 7th of March, about a quarter past eight o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner coming from Crawford-street into Seymour-place, with a bundle under his arm, in company with two other boys who had nothing. When he saw me coming after him he gave the bundle to another boy and ran into Stingo-lane. I went to seize the boy who had the bundle, he dropped it, and all three got away. I picked up the bundle and took it to the watch-house - it contained two blankets and a gown. I had known the prisoner for two years, and described him. I found him in custody next night, and I am certain he is the man.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . I was constable of the night. On the the 7th of March, the bundle was brought to the watch-house by Hurley, who said Scott was the man. I had known him from his infancy. Next morning I took him at the Yorkshire Stingo - he denied it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
