





168. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WARREN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing,on the 14th of November
, 170 brushes, value 8l., and 120 combs, value 33s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Burnell
               




            , Esq
.


                  JOHN 
                  BARRS
               



            . I am an officer. I was in Rose-lane on the 13th of November, about twelve o'clock at night, and met the prisoner with a bag on his left shoulder; I asked what he had got - he said he was moving something for a poor woman at the back of the Star public-house, and I should see her come in a few minutes; I waited some time, but she did not come; I gave him to Almond, and next morning Mr. Burnell claimed the brushes in the bag.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALMOND
               



            . I was with Barrs - his account is correct.


                  JOHN 
                  QUINTIN SHORTNEY
               



            . I have some premises in Black-horse-yard, Whitechapel


. This property was taken from my warehouse there; it was all safe at six o'clock on the night of the 13th; I locked the premises up - they are the property of John Burnell, Esq.


                  JANE 
                  FORSYTH
               



            . My husband made these combs for Mr. Burnell.


                  DANIEL 
                  READON
               



            . I am in Mr. Shortney's service. On the morning of the 14th, I found the gate of the premises and a drawer open, which had contained this property the night before - the warehouse was in confusion.
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning from the Coburg Theatre, and, in Petticoat-lane, I overtook a man with a load - he asked me if I would assist him, which I agreed to do, in consideration of having a shilling.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
