





1218. 
               
                  JOHN WILLIAM 
                  CHAPMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of April
, 1 truck, value 50s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Holman
               




            .
WILLIAM HOLMAN. I am a baker
, and live in Tower-street; the prisoner works at the water-side - I have seen him before. On Thursday, the 10th of April, I lent him my truck, which he said he wanted to hire; I rather objected to it, but I let him have it - he said it was for an hour or two, and he was to pay me 3d. an hour for it; he said I had lent him a truck before, but I have no recollection of it; I let it about four o'clock in the afternoon, and expected it back the same evening; I never saw him again till he was apprehended on the following Monday; he said he had left it at the door of some public-house, and it was stolen while he was drinking; we afterwards found he had sold it.


                  THOMAS 
                  REES
               



            . I sell poultry about the street. I bought a truck of the prisoner on the 10th of April, to the best of my knowledge; I think it was on a Thursday evening, but I had met him before that in Cannon-street-road; he came up to me, and said, "Rees, I have got an old truck I will sell you," and on the Thursday he brought it to me, and I bought it of him - he asked 1l. for it, and I gave him 13s.; I never bought a truck before, but I have bought carts; I bought it in an open fair way, and kept it in the street; I afterwards met the prisoner in Rosemary-lane, and he said to me, "Rees, have you made away with the truck;" I said, "I don't sell turkies;" he said, "No, the truck;" I said, "What do you mean? I bought it of you, and have the receipt for it which you wrote at my house;" he said, "I was pulled up at Lambeth-street for it;" I said I bought it fairly. I serve shops with poultry - my name is on my door, and has been so for these thirty years.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer. I found the truck at this witness' house; he came to fetch me to take it - this is the receipt (read.)
Prisoner. He gave me 14s. for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
