





2088. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WARD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph Dudley 
                           Webb
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  DUDLEY WEBB
               



            . On Friday last, between four and five o'clock, I was going up Queen's Head-lane, Islington


; three boys followed me, and the eldest, who was this prisoner, pushed against me, and looked me in the face - I put my hand to my pocket, and my handkerchief was gone; the boy had then got on five or six yards before me - I cried Stop thief! ran on, and seized him; I said, "Where is my handkerchief?" he said, "I have not got it, search me;" a youg girl, who stood at a door, said," Your handkerchief is on those steps" - I dragged him back, and took it up; he had passed the others, but they were behind me when I missed my handkerchief; it must have been thrown there before he passed me; I had seen him with two others for a minute or two before.
ELIZABETH HARDING. I live in Queen's Head-lane. I saw this gentleman there; the prisoner picked his pocket, and threw the handkerchief on the steps - I saw it done, and told the gentleman of it; he took up the same handkerchief the prisoner threw down.


                  JAMES 
                  ROOMES
               



            . I am a watchman of Islington. I took the prisoner, and gave him to Mr. Cope the officer.
THOMAS COPE. I received the prisoner, and this handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. There were two boys behind me, and I walked on before the gentleman - he then came, took me, and said, "You have my handkerchief;" I said I had not - the other two boys ran away; the little girl and a gentleman, who was there, said it was not me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
