






440. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SHARMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of December

, 4 loaves of bread, value 2s, 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Dearlove
                  



               
            , his master; and 
               
                  
                     SUSAN 
                     JENKINS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am an officer. I was applied to by Mr. Dearlove, of Peter-street, to watch Sharman; and on the 22d of December, a little before eight o'clock in the morning, I saw him come out of the shop with a batch of bread on his head; he went towards Great Windmill-street, and there Jenkins came up to him; he turned round, and said something to her; he stooped, and she took two loavesoff the batch; he went round the corner to Ensworth's shop; she crossed the way, and threw a blue handkerchief over the two loaves. Sharman came out of the shop where he had left the bread, and went home. Jenkins went and stood by a picture shop in Crown-court. Sharman brought out another batch of bread, and went to Mrs. Duncan's, in Crown-court; he left all there except two loaves, which he brought out under his arm; he then passed Jenkins, and gave her a slap on her back with his hand; they went on together to Mr. Walwyn's wine-vaults, in Compton-street; they went in there, and staid some time; I saw Lovegrove and asked his assistance, and when they came out Jenkins had two loaves in her hand, but Sharman had none; they walked a little way together and then parted; Jenkins went on to Coventry-street; I tapped her on the shoulder, and said, "You have got some stolen property;" she said,"I have not." I asked where she got those loaves; she said from her husband, the baker; I said, "Are you sure he is your husband?" She hesitated and said, "No, he is a bit of a sweetheart." I sent her to the watch-house, and marked the loaves; I went to Dearlove's shop, where I found Sharman; he denied all knowledge of the woman, or having seen any loaves but what he took to the shops; I took him to the watch-house, and said to Jenkins, "Which is the man who gave you the loaves?" She said, "That is him." Sharman made no answer. I know Jenkins has borne a good character for years.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  LOVEGROVE
               



            . I am an officer, and was with Gook; I saw the prisoners come out of the wine-vaults; Sharman had no bread then, but Jenkins had two loaves; Gook stopped her in Coventry-street, and asked what she had got; she said her husband had given her these two loaves. Gook left her with me, and as we went to the watch-house, she said, "I am certain they cannot hurt me, for what is given by love, cannot be gotten by law."


                  JOHN 
                  DEARLOVE
               



            . Sharman had been four or five weeks in my service. Ensworth is a customer, and Duncan another; he was to take twenty loaves to each of them; he did so; but must have taken twenty-two out each time; I had directed Gook to watch him; I have seen the four loaves, and I am quite certain it is my bread.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ENSWORTH
               



            . I received twenty loaves from the prisoner.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DUNCAN
               



            . I received twenty loaves on the 22d December.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  GLANVILLE
               



            . I live at Walwyn's wine-vaults. The prisoners came in there on the 22d of December; Sharman asked me to let him leave two loaves, which a young woman would call for; I gave them to Gook.
SHARMAN's Defence. I gave this woman two loaves; and left two at the wine-vaults for a person I knew in distress; I meant to pay for them on Saturday night.
JENKIN's Defence. I did not know they were stolen.
SHARMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JENKINS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
