






842. 
               
                  

                           ANN 
                           MARIA
                        




                      
                     MARTIN
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, 2 caps, value 11s.; two handkerchiefs, value 2s.; 1 sheet, value 4s, and 1 knife, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Barker
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 pair of gloves, value 1s. 6d.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; 2 remnants of stuff, value 2s.; 1 frock, value 1s. 6d., and 1 brooch, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Kellick
                        



.


                  JOHN 
                  BARKER
               



            . The prisoner lodged in the same house as me; I missed a sheet and other things about the 9th or 10th of February; the caps were missed in January, and one of them was found on the prisoner's head by my wife, who had her taken.


                  PATIENCE 
                  BARKER
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I lost two caps about three days after we went to that house, which was about the 9th of January; I afterwards saw one upon the prisoner's head, and told her it was mine; about a week after, I missed a sheet - I heard her say that she had pawned a sheet for 10d.; I asked her to let me look at the duplicate; this is my husband's sheet.


                  MARY 
                  KILLICK
               



            . I keep the house; these gloves, shirt, remnants of stuff, frock, and brooch are all mine; they were in a room locked up, but I was not at home; when I came home, the room had been entered and the things were gone.


                  RICHARD 
                  CONSTANTINE
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was taken up about the 12th of February - she cried and made a great piece of work, and desired to be left alone; I did leave her - while I was gone she was taken to Worship-street; these duplicates I found in her box.


                  JAMES 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two white aprons, a cotton handkerchief, a shirt and three remnants of stuff, all pawned by the prisoner at different times.


                  GEORGE 
                  WALLACE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have some remnants of silk, pawned by the prisoner for 2s.


                  REGINALD 
                  CHARLES OTTER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a brooch, pawned by a woman who gave the name of Kinght - I do not know her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I have some remnants of plaid and patchwork, pawned by the prisoner on the 2d of February.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am an officer. I have an apron, a handkerchief and some duplicates, which Mr. Barker gave me.


                  JOHN 
                  BARKER
               



            . I took part of these duplicates from the prisoner, and my wife took some.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
