





1393. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  TAPP
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of July
, 2 sheets, value 7s.; 1 pillow-case, value 1s.; 3 shirts, value 10s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d.; 1 pair of drawers, value 1s.; 3 aprons, value 1s. 6d.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s., and 1 towel, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George Isaac 
                  Chapman
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  FORTY
               



            . I live at Mr. Bowen's, in Red Lion-street, Clerkenwell


 - Mr. Chapman lodges there. On the 4th of July, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner, who was a stranger, go up stairs without anything, and come down with a bundle in about ten minutes; I took it from him - he passed me, and ran out; I gave the alarm, and he was brought back immediately; I know him to be the same man.


                  FREDERICK 
                  BOWEN
               



            . I saw the prisoner go up stairs; I went up and locked my mother's door - I then saw another man stand opposite the house, who said he was a plumber and glazier; I told Forty, my grandmama - she went up and met the prisoner on the stairs, with the bundle; Mr. Chapman's room is the attic - I ran out of the parlour, and caught hold of the prisoner; he flung me off and got out of the door - I got up, and ran after him; he was caught and brought back.


                  ROBERT 
                  DUKE
               



            . I am an officer, and produce the property.


                  GEORGE 
                  ISAAC CHAPMAN
               



            . These are my property - I lodge in the attic; they laid in a bundle on the drawers, in this inner handkerchief, but not the outer one - that was put round it by the prisoner; he was a stranger to me, but I am told he has a sister who is a servant in the house, and he had been there once before, to see her, but he had not seen her that day.
Prisoner's Defence. This bundle laid on the stairs -I went up to see my sister; the woman came and took hold of it; this lad then came and took hold of me - I passed him, went out, and he called Stop thief!



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
