





1428. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of July
, 3 half-crowns
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gill
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM GILL. On the 12th of July, early in the morning, I was in George-street, St. Giles' - I am single, and was sober; I am a tailor
 - I do not know where I met the prisoner, but I think it was near Coventry-street; I was going home with a young man, who is a tailor too- the prisoner was a stranger to me; I went with her to George-street, St. Giles'


 - I came from the Isle of Man; we went into a room on the ground-floor - I meant to stop all night; the agreement was such - I paid her 3s. 6d., and half a crown for the room; we went to bed together about half-past one or two o'clock - I had left three half-crowns and 18d. in my trouser's pocket; I went to sleep, and about half-past four in the morning the landlord came and asked me if all was right, as the prisoner had got up, but was not gone out, and he would not let her go till he asked if all was right - she was in the room at that time, and was quite dressed; I got up, put on my trousers, and then missed the three half-crowns - I am quite sure they had been there when I went to bed, as I took particular care to see what money I had; I wanted, for my own satisfaction, to know what money I had - the watchman was called, and she was taken into custody; three half-crowns and one shilling were found - I am sure I had not given her this money; I was perfectly sober and sensible.
Prisoner. You say three half-crowns were found on me, and the watchman can witness that only two were found; because I would not gratify you, you gave me in custody. Witness. There were three half-crowns found on her, and one shilling.


                  MAURICE 
                  NICHOLAS
               



            . I was beadle of the night - the prisoner was brought to the watch-house charged with stealing three half-crowns; I asked her if she had the money, and she said she had not; I asked what money she had - she said 3s. 6d., and pulled it out from under her garter; I asked what more she had got - she said no more; I said I was determined to know what she had got - I took hold of her arm, and found two half-crowns in her sleeve; I asked how she got them - she gave me no answer.
Prisoner. I said I had 3s. 6d. and 5s. 2d. besides; the prosecutor said he had lost five half-crowns, then he said four, and then he said a few. Witness. He did say he had lost a few half-crowns.
Prisoner's Defence. The officer did not take three half-crowns from me, beside what he had given me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILL
               



             re-examined. Q.What money did you pay the 3s. 6d. in? A. One half-crown and a shilling; when I first met her I had six half-crowns, a shilling, and some copper - I had a glass of spirits in her company, and gave a shilling for it; I went home with her, gave half a crown for the room, half a crown to her, changed another half-crown, gave her a shilling out of it, and put the 1s. 6d. and the three half-crowns into my pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
