





372. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  EDWARDS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of December
, 500lbs. of lead, value 50s., the goods of 
                     
                        Francis James 
                        Graham
                     



                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to 
               
                  Henry 
                  Winch
               



            , and fixed to a certain building of his. (See page 193.)
HENRY WINCH. I rent a cottage at Heston


, of Mr. Graham: the lead was all safe on the roof on the 12th, and on the morning of the 13th nearly the whole was removed - it had been drawn out, and partly cut; I saw it afterwards in the possession of Vincent, but did not see it fitted.


                  CHARLES 
                  GEORGE VINCENT
               



            . While Cohen and I were going to find the men who had sold him some lead, we saw this lead, in a cart, at Bowyer's door, in Ray-street; the prisoner and another man were unloading it; we went up to them, the prisoner ran off in one direction, and the other in another; I followed the prisoner, and in a quarter of a mile he was taken by Attwater; he said to every one he met, "It is not me, it is the man behind;" when I came up and took him, I found these pinchers in his pocket, and in the cart we found the lead, this crow-bar, and bludgeon - I compared the lead to the building - it fitted exactly, and here are marks of the pinchers on it.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. What did you or Cohen say in the hearing of the men, before they ran away? A. Cohen asked if they knew who the man was who drove the grey pony, as he had bought part of the lead which I had stopped; this was a portion of the same lead; the tail-board was down - it was then about nine o'clock - the name of "William Brown, Fulham, Middlesex," was on the cart; the prisoner said at the watch-house, "The truth is, I owe my landlord a little money, and have got my brother-in-law's name on the cart, for fear of its being taken from me" - and that the cart had been hired of him by the other man; I went down, and got Brown up; he said he knew nothing of his name being on the cart; I found there had been a man, named Cheeseman, at Walham-green, answering Cohen's description of Thomas - he has absconded.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLAYTON
               



            . I was going along Ray-street, and saw a cart go to Bowyer's door - the prisoner was driving; I saw it for two or three minutes before it came to the door - it appeared a heavy load; I was going on business to Clerkenwell-green; I returned in about a quarter of an hour; Vincent then asked me to assist in taking the prisoner, which I did; he was very unwilling to be searched at the lock-up place, and these pinchers were found on him, and in the cart we found this crow-bar and bludgeon.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JAMES GRAHAM
               



            . I am owner of the cottage at Heston; there is the mark of a crow-bar on the top of the cottage and on this piece of lead; this crow-bar seems to fit the marks.


                  DAVID 
                  ATTWATER
               



            . I was in Bath-street, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running, and collared him - Vincent was pursuing him: he struck at me to knock me down.


                  JOHN 
                  BOWYER
               



            . On the 13th of December the prisoner came with a cart to my house, about nine o'clock in the morning - he came to the door, and asked if I would purchase lead; I asked where he got it, and what lead it was; he said it was some rubbish he had bought at Fulham; I said if he got it honestly, I would give him 13s. a hundred weight for it; I looked at it, and said if he would show me a bill and receipt, I would buy it; he brought a piece in; I thought it was not right, and sent for a constable.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the lead concealed? A. No, it was quite open; there was another person with him, but I did not see his face.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  HAMER
               



            . I am a constable. Bowyer sent for me; but the officers got there before me.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent - a man came to me the night before, and asked me to let him have a cart, which I agreed to; I got up, and harnessed the horse - he came and took it - he came back, and asked if I would go to town with him; I said Yes; we got to Ray-street - he there told me to go in, and ask if they would buy the lead - the man said, "Turn the horse round, as the people can see it all the way up the street;" he turned it himself; Bowyer said, "Why, the devil, did you not put it into sacks? make haste in with it, and throw it backwards;" he moved the rags to put it there; the officers came, and I certainly did attempt to run, being frightened.
One witness gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
