





1076. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of June
, four 5 l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        Peter 
                        Stamp
                     




                  , from his person
            .
PETER STAMP. I belong to the brig Bustard
. On the 9th of June I was paid off at Chatham, and had four 5 l. notes when I landed at the Tower steps. I went to the Red Cross, public-house, at the bottom of Tower-hill


; I got quite drunk, and fell asleep; I awoke about ten o'clock, and missed the property; the colonel of the regiment which Cartwright belongs to, showed me 19 l. 11 s. the next day.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BEECHAM
               



            . I saw the prisoner and Stamp in Tower-street, about nine o'clock that evening; the prisoner pushed Stamp down twice: a fireman came up, and asked what he had to do with the man - he said he was his father, and had come that day from Yorkshire.


                  THOMAS 
                  LADD
               



            . I belong to the same regiment as the prisoner. On the following morning I went to a shop kept by Shopton; I saw the prisoner there - he gave a 5 l. note to him: I stated this to my officer.


                  ROBERT 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am serjeant major of the battallion to which the prisoner belongs. On the morning after the robbery I searched him, and found a purse with twelve sovereigns and a half in gold, and 2 l. in silver - I then went to Shopton, and received a 5 l. note.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHOPTON
               



            . On the morning of the 10th of June the prisoner gave me a 5 l. note to keep for him - he said his wife had come from the country, and brought him 20 l. or 25 l. to get his discharge.


                  MARK 
                  JONES
               



            . I am serjeant of the prisoner's company. On the morning of the 10th of June I heard him accused of the robbery, and was sent with an escort to take him before a Magistrate.
Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor in Tower-street, and had a pint of beer with him - he was very drunk, and gave me the money to keep till the morning.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
