





1282. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JEFFS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of August
, 7 lbs. of cheese, value 3 s.; three bottles, value 6 d.; two quarts of wine, value 10 s., and 3 lbs. of lamb, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Allen
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ODELL
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Allen
               



            , of Stoke Newington


; he is a quaker
. On the 18th of August, we went to bed about ten o'clock. We left some roast beef and lamb, and the rest of the things named in the indictment, in the pantry - they were stolen in the night. I saw part of the lamb in the prisoner's house that morning. Some cheese was also produced at Worship-street.


                  JOHN 
                  MANCE
               



            . I am an officer. On Monday the 19th of August, I searched the prisoner's house - he was not at home. I found a part of a leg of lamb, a piece of cheese, and a bottle marked the same as Mr. Allen's bottles, and it smelt of white wine. I found some keys also, two of which are skeleton keys, and a dark lantern. I and Vann were in search of the prisoner until the Sunday following, when we found him concealed behind the bed room door of the house, and in the cupboard of that room I found a bottle of port wine, marked the same as the others, and another bottle below, marked the same with a little wine in it, and another piece of cheese. He said he thought he should go this time; but he did not care if he could escape the dancers - that he could account for how he got the bottles, but he did not to either of us.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Did you make a strict search the first time - A. Yes.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I am an officer. After the prisoner was apprehended, he said it was all over with him, but he did not care for any thing but the dancers, which means hanging.
(Cheese produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor; about a dozen and a half of wine was stolen that night - The bottles produced are marked the same as my master's, with a diamond; we bought it of Messrs. Lesters.


                  JOHN 
                  TRINGHAM
               



            . I am servant to Messrs. Lesters, who serve the prosecutor with wise; these bottles are marked the same as ours.

Cross-examined. Q. You mark all your wine so - A. All the old.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Best.
