





74. 
               
                  MARY 
                  MASON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of December
, 6 half-crowns, and 2 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        Robert Anthony 
                        Cluse
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ROBERT ANTHONY CLUSE. I am a labourer
 belonging to the East India Company. On the 2d of December, about half-past two o'clock in the morning, I was in Gray's Inn-lane, having spent the evening with a friend in Whitechapel; the prisoner accosted me in Gray's Inn-lane


 - we were together three or four minutes. I had 17s. in my breeches pocket, and 10d. in my waistcoat-pocket - I felt it safe not a moment before, as I kept my hand in my pocket. I had not spoken to her; she came up to me as I passed the end of a court, put her hand round my neck, and said "My dear, how are you?" and in a moment a man passed by. I said, "What the d - l are you about?" and missed my money directly. I charged her with it - she said, "Oh! my dear, if you are fond of going to the watch-house, you shall go." I asked her three times for my money; she said she had not got it. I gave her in charge. I had been drinking.


                  EVAN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a constable. I was at the watch-house when the prisoner was brought in. Cluse charged her with robbing him of 17s. or 18s. I searched her in the back room; she at first said she had only 1s. 6d. I found 2s. on her. I then came out, and on the spot she had stood, I found 17s. - nobody else had been there - it must have come from her. Cluse was not drunk, he gave a distinct account of the transaction.


                  JAMES 
                  BOSTOCK
               



            . I was in Gray's Inn-lane, and saw the prosecutor give the prisoner in charge, for robbing him of nearly 1l. of silver.


                  ROBERT 
                  ANTHONY CLUSE
               



            . My money was half-crowns and shillings. I had 17s. 10d., but found the 10d. in the morning.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Life
            .
