






231. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  BROWN
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of November
, 5 pairs of boots, value 4l. 6s., and 2 boots, value 14s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Purcell
               




            .
JAMES PURCELL. I am a boot-maker
; I have a shop in John-street, Minories


, but I do not live there, On the 2d of November, I went to New-square, to get my tea, leaving my son in the shop, and all my boots safe; in about six minutes, my son came and said the shop was robbed; I went there, and as I opened the door, I found one pair of boots under my feet. I went and gave information, and Smith was brought in at the time with these boots, which are mine.


                  RICHARD 
                  BUSH SKILLERN
               



            . I have two odd boots, and one pair of top-boots, which I found on Smith, about six o'clock in the evening, on the 2d of November, in Wentworth-street, Whitechapel, about half a mile from the prosecutor's shop. I saw nothing of Brown at that time - I believe two Lambeth-street officers took him.


                  RICHARD 
                  PURCELL
               



            . I am the son of James Purcell; I am nine years old; my father left me in the shop while he went to get his tea; the two prisoners came to the shop; Smith said he wanted a boot-lace; I stooped to get one, and on lifting my head up, I saw Smith take the boots off the peggs by the wall, and give them to Brown, who stood near the door; they then ran away by the window - I had not seen them before, but I am certain of their persons.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Have you not said that Brown was outside the shop? A. Yes; he went outside the door again, and then the other reached him the boots - it was about five o'clock - it was dark; they were there about ten minutes. I am sure I cannot be mistaken in them. I do not know how many pairs of boots Smith took.(Property produced and sworn to.)
SMITH's Defence. I was going along Whitechapel, and a person gave me the boots to pawn - I did not know they were stolen; I was going into a pawnbroker's shop with them, and the officer took me.
BROWN's Defence. I am quite innocent - I never saw Smith before.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BROWN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
