






1434. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  READ
               




             and 
               
                  ELEANOR 
                  GREEN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
, 1 pocketbook, value 6d., and 11 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        Ralph 
                        Taite
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RALPH TAITE. I am a mariner
. I belong to the Vintage, which was in the London Docks - I was paid off on the 19th of July - and on the 20th, I went in the evening to the Star public-house, near Wellclose-square - Read came in and spoke to another man, and then sat down by me; Green was in the house, but not near me; I had a little pocket-book and 12 sovereigns in it - I took out one sovereign and changed it, that I might satisfy Read, with whom I went home, about twelve o'clock, to a house at the back of Wellclose-square


 - I put my jacket down carefully on a chair, near the window - Read then came to bed, and put the light out - I felt the money safe in my pocket when I laid it down in the chair, and I hung my watch on a nail - we were in bed nearly an hour - Green went with us to the room, but she was going away - Read then said she was a poor girl; and I said I should have no objection to her laying down with us - Read then called to her "Bessy, come in;" which she did - I heard her speak, and knew her voice - I am certain it was Green - she had not been in the room many minutes before she went out again - I then began to get up; and Read got up and ran after her - I felt in my pocket and the money was gone - I ran to the door and found the officer, and told him - he brought back Read directly - I went to the office next day and saw Green.


                  RICHARD 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am an officer. About a quarter before one o'clock, on Friday morning, the 21st of July, I was passing Cable-street, and saw Green at the corner of North East-passage, and Read came down, putting on her gown - she crossed over to Green, and I heard her say"I have got it;" she was not dressed, but Green was - they went down North East-passage, and I went up Cable-street; when I saw the prosecutor standing at a door in his shirt - he said he had been robbed of his pocket-book and eleven sovereigns by two women, and should know them again - I went down the passage and took Read - I brought her back, and went up and searched the house - I found the watch and seals close to the window on a nail in the shutters; I put them into my pocket, and took Read to the watch-house; she said she should send for her child; I knew where her child was kept, and I went there to see for Green; I heard a man, whom she lives with, say"Is that you, Bet;" I took hold of Green, her apron was wrapped round her arm; I told her I wanted her for stealing eleven sovereigns; I found one sovereign in her hand, one penny in her pocket, and nine sovereigns, and this shilling, in the corner of her apron; the prosecutor was quite sober.
READ'S Defence. He said "Can you get me any thing to drink;" I said it was too late; but I went to the door to see, and the officer said he would dash my brains out if I did not deliver him twelve sovereigns and a pocket-book; I had been at the public-house, and the man drew me into his company, and persuaded me to go home.
COURT to CARTER. Q. What part of her dress had Read off? - A. Her shoes and her gown; I found her shoes in the room where the prosecutor's watch was; Green told me to be as easy as I could; and if I could not do without her, to say I found it in the entry.
COURT to RALPH TAITE. Q. Do you believe Green to be the girl called Bessy, who was in the room? - A. Yes; the other girl was talking to her; there was no other person in the room; Green left the room first, and Read in a moment after; I found the jacket on the floor; there was 20s. in silver in my jacket pocket, which they had not time to take.
READ - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
GREEN - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
Of stealing only. - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
