





1264. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     WILLIAMS
                  , alias 
                     
EMMA ARMSTRONG





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of April
, 1 pelisse, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary Ann 
                     Callam
                  




               
            ; and that she was at the delivery of the King's gaol of Newgate, holden at Justice-Hall in the Old Bailey, on the 26th of October, convicted of felony.


                  MARY 
                  ANN CALLAM
               



            . I am single
. I never saw the prisoner till the 27th of April, when I lost my pelisse out of the first floor, at No. 10, Circus-street


, where I lodge - I saw her come out of the house, as I was in the front parlour - she had got the pelisse; my landlady followed her, and the officer found the pelisse.


                  THOMAS 
                  PERRING
               



            . I was sent for, and found the pelisse, where a little girl had placed it behind a watertub, No. 10, John-street, Edgware-road.


                  ANN 
                  BEST
               



            . I live at No. 10, John-street, Edgeware-road. On the 27th of April, I was going down stairs with a pitcher of water; and I saw the prisoner with the pelisse - I said, "Whose is that?" - she said, "Where shall I hide it?" - I said, "I did not care" - she said,"You take and hide it;" and she hid it behind the water-butt - this is it.


                  MARY 
                  ANN CALLAN
               



            . The prisoner walked into the house where Best lives.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, denying that she had entered the house, or seen the property.
PHILIP WEBSTER. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction - I got it at Mr. Shelton'soffice - I was present at the trial, and know her to be the person (read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.




               Transported for Life
            .
