






386. 
               
                  DAVID 
                  McKELVIN
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HOLMES
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of January
, 1 tablecloth, value 15s.; 2 decanters, value 10s.; 1 fork, value 5s.; 1 piece of carpet, value 1s., and 24 candles, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Richmond
                     




                  , Esq.
, their master
            .
MR. RYLAND conducted the prosecution.
HENRY RICHMOND, ESQ. I reside at Stamford-hill


. Holmes was my butler and footman
, and had been with me about three weeks; all the plate, linen, and glass were under his immediate charge. On the 1st of January I went out, about six o'clock, to dine with my son-in-law; I returned about eleven that night - I had left the house in charge of the servants; McKelvin was not in my service - I never saw him. Holmes had not authority to have visitors - it was generally known that I objected to it; on the 2d of January I saw my property at Worship-street.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Had you expressly prohibited Holmes from having visitors? A. I do not know that I had for bidden him particularly - I have heard there had been carousing in my house all day; I saw no appearance of it that night; I went into Holmes' bed-room at two o'clock in the morning (and my son took a pistol), having heard McKelvin was taken. I believe the candles to be mine - my name is on the paper they are wrapped in; I can swear to the decanter by the pattern - I miss one like it; the table-cloth has my name on it; I have a knife which matches the fork.


                  THOMAS 
                  MONAHAN
               



            . I am gardener to Mr. Richmond. On the 1st of January McKelvin and another man came to the house, about half-past two o'clock in the day - I never saw him before; they came to see Holmes, and dined there: I first saw them in the butler's pantry - I had seen a man there once before, but did not see his face; they staid all the evening, and brought some liquor to the house - I was quite sober; the other man appeared to be ill in the evening, and laid down in the pantry - he had a sort of fit; we thought he might take part of my bed, and he slept with me till the morning. I saw McKelvin at the house as late as twelve o'clock, or between eleven and twelve - he was in the pantry with Holmes and the other man; I did not see him go out, but I saw Holmes go towards the door, and when he came back, he said he had been to let McKelvin out.
Cross-examined. Q. What became of the man who was ill? A. He remained there - there were only those two and the servants, the cook and two housemaids; I had one glass of rum and water, and one glass of gin - no more; we dined about half-past two o'clock; I went out to a chemist's with the other man, returned about five o'clock, and in the evening we had the liquor - nothing was drank but what they brought - there might be two pints of gin and rum; I heard no appointment to meet again after that day; the meat and drink was thrown over the table-cloth.
Q. Did you not hear Holmes tell McKelvin his master would be angry, and he must take the cloth to be washed, and bring it again? A. Not a word of the sort; I went to bed, and did not know what had happened till the next morning.
MR. RICHMOND re-examined. When I returned home the housemaid opened the door; Holmes came up to me, and took my hat; he did not appear intoxicated.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I was groom to Mr. Richmond. I first saw Mckelvin about a fortnight before the 1st of January; he came and inquired for Holmes; I took his horse into the stable; he saw Holmes, and went into his pantry; I did not see him go away; on the 1st of January I went out with Holmes about twelve o'clock, and paid a bill - we had two glasses of elder wine - we came into the Birdcage public-house, and there had two glasses of rum; I did not go home till about three o'clock in the afternoon; I was drunk, and went to lay in the stable; I did not see McKelvin; Monahan came by while we were at the Birdcage.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not Monahan have some rum? A. Yes, and ale; he was not drunk.


                  JOHN 
                  FRANKLIN
               



            . I am a watchman. I was calling past twelve o'clock on the 1st of January, and saw Holmes let McKelvin out of Mr. Richmond's house; he had a parcel in his right hand, and went towards town; I cannot say whether it was a basket; I am quite sure of his person - there is a gas-light opposite the gates; I saw him plainly - I never saw him before.
Cross-examined. Q. Can you venture to swear to him? A. Yes.


                  PETER 
                  WOODLEY
               



            . I am a watchman of Hackney. I I was on duty in Vittoria-place, which is in the road to town; I met McKelvin, between twelve and one o'clock, with a basket; I asked what he had got; he said, "You shall see;" I took him to the watch-house, and of the basket was this piece of carpet, and in it I found a silver-mounted fork, two dozens of candles, a table-cloth, and a decanter in each of his coat pockets, and the two stoppers in his waistcoat pocket.


                  JOHN 
                  CHAMBERS
               



            . I am a night-constable. I was at the watch-house; McKelvin was brought in, and these things found - he said the decanters were his own, and the table-cloth he was going to get washed; I asked his name - he said he would tell the Magistrate; the paper the candles are in, has "Richmond, Esq." on it.(Property produced and sworn to)
HOLMES' Defence. I gave this man the cloth to get washed, and the decanters to bring some liquor in on Sunday, as my time expired on the Monday following, and I wished to pay my footing; I have lived with Mr. Alderman Wood
McKELVIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HOLMES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.
