





306. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of December
, four rings, value 1 s.; five pins, value 6 d.; six spoons, value 18 d.; four pincushions, value 18 d.; and one bag, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hughes
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I live in William-street, Lisson-grove I mend umbrellas, and sell trinkets
. On the 15th of December, I was coming from Harrow-on-the-hill, with a quantity of umbrellas, and different things. I went into the Coach and Horses, public-house, on the Harrow-road, near Paddington, in the evening; the prisoner was in the house - I had seen him before, I asked if he was out of a situation, and treated him with a pint of beer. When I went to take up my things, I missed a bag. I had drank a little, I do not know what time I left the house, there was no clock there, it was before dusk. I stopped about half an hour and left him in the house - I had got about three quarters of a mile from the public-house, he came behind me, and snatched my bag off an umbrella, which was slung on my shoulder; then came in front of me, and took some rings from a small box which I had. I happened to stumble, and the drawer which the rings were in, fell out.
Q. How came you to stumble - A. The road being dirty, I slipped; I picked up the rings, and was putting them into another drawer, when he took the articles stated in the indictment. I told him to take care, for I would have him in custody if ever I saw him again - he immediately ran away. When I came to the Green Man, public-house, I gave an alarm and described the property to the officer; he was taken next day, and two rings and a bag found - I had been drinking but was sensible.
Prisoner. Q. I picked the things off the ground; I did not take them from you - A. He took them out of my box.


                  HENRY 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



            . I am an officer. On Sunday morning, about half-past ten o'clock, the prosecutor came to me, and described the prisoner. I found him at the King's Arms, public-house, Chapel-street. I searched him, in his hat I found the bag, and in his stocking, I found the two rings - I asked what he had done with the spoons, he said he did not know; I asked what he did with the things in the bag, he said he turned them into a ditch, just by where he committed the robbery - I have not found them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met him in the road, we went and drank together, he came out quite tipsy. I overtook him, he fell into a ditch and his things fell from him - I picked them up and put them in his box.



               GUILTY
             Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
