





961. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RICKARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of April
, 2 ozs. of tea, value 3d.
            , the goods of the 
               
United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies




            .
MESSRS. BOLLAND and LAW conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am in the employ of the East India Company. On the 7th of April the prisoner was employed in a room on the ground-floor, at their warehouse in Cutler-street


; he was mending one of the chests; I saw him take some tea out, and put it into his left-hand pocket; I informed Mr. French, the assistant elder - this was between eight and nine o'clock in the morning.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Had you, the minute before, had any conversation with him? A. Yes; I had asked him for snuff - he did not put his hand in his pocket, take out some tea, and say, "This is tea which I forgot to deliver where I was directed;" nor say, "My God ! I have the tea in my possession which I ought to have left at home;" he was taken into custody in about ten minutes - he was in custody before nine o'clock.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FRENCH
               



            . I am assistant elder to the East India Company. Keys gave me information, and I called the prisoner; I took hold of him; he wanted to get his hand from me to get to his pocket - I took him into the counting-house, and there put my hand into his left-hand pocket, which was half a yard long, and had been made for the purpose; I took out this tea, and put it on a sheet of paper; here are from two to three ounces of it - I gave him in charge, and went to examine the chest he had been working at; I found the lead had been cut at the side, and there was an aperture made that the hand could go in, and take the tea out; the tea found in his pocket exactly corresponded with that in the chest.
Cross-examined. Q. How long has he been in the Company's service? A. Sixteen or seventeen years.


                  JAMES 
                  TOMKINS
               



            . I am in the employ of the East India Company. On the 7th of April I took the prisoner into custody, at the request of French; he rather tried to get his hand from Mr. French.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
