





772. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SMALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of March
, a watch, value 20 s., and seven seals, value 7 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Cartwright
                  




               
            .
MRS. 
               
                  JANE 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               



            . I live in Upper Cleveland-street


. On Saturday, the 15th of March, my watch and seals were hanging by the side of the fire-place. The prisoner is my nephew - I thought he was in Staffordshire, but about two o'clock on that afternoon he came to my house, and stopped about ten minutes - I was in the room all the time, and saw the watch lianging up while I was talking to him; he had not left a minute before I missed it. I went after him, but could not find him for half an hour. I found the watch on the floor, behind the door of a pawnbroker's passage - I had met him in the street, and he ran to this pawnbroker's door, and got behind - the watch laid just under his feet.


                  GEORGE 
                  LEDGER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prosecutrix informed me she had lost her watch and seals, and described them. I told her I thought one of the seals had been offered to me by a man, whom I described to the officer, and about half-past nine o'clock he brought the man to me.


                  HAMMOND 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am a constable. I received him in charge at the watch-house. I asked what he had done with the property - he said he had shewn them to a boy; that he gave the seal to a costermonger, who was to give him 7 s. for it on the following morning. I went after the costermonger, and got back one of the seals.
Prisoner's Defence. The watch was given to me one
(Property produced and sworn to.)
day when I was at her house - I asked her for it several times after; she would not give it me, so I went up and took it.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years, 



                     recommended to the Penitentiary
                  
.
