







SIXTH DAY. TUESDAY, APRIL 17.
550. 
               
                  ABRAHAM 
                  LENOY
               




             and 
               
                  
                     HENRIETTA 
                     LENOY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, two coats, value 3 l.; three waistcoats, value 10 s.; four pair of trowsers, value 3 l.; three pair of breeches, value 1 l.; one shirt, value 5 s., and one pair of buckles, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Peregrine 
                     Courtenay
                  




               
            , Esq
.
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  ANN 
                  ARNOLD
               



            . I am housemaid to the Board of Controul, and take care of some of the apartments. The building is is Cannon-row


. Mr. Courtenay is secretary to the Board
. The windows are about twelve feet from the ground - there is a grass plat at the back, leading to the river. Mr. Courtenay usually leaves the office about four o'clock - it is my duty to shut up Mr. Bathurst's room, which is below Mr. Courtenay's. I left the shutter unclosed, and at half-past seven o'clock next morning, the 24th of February, I went to the room, and saw somebody must have been there. It was a white frost, and there were prints of the feet of a grown person on the grass plat leading from the window to the river, and finger marks on the window frame, and marks on the grass, as if a bundle had been laid there. About three years ago, the male prisoner was employed at carpenter's work at the building for about a week.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Whoever came must have got out the river way - A. Yes; They must have escaped by a boat. I missed the things on the 25th. I had seen them on the 24th.


                  HENRY 
                  BILBY
               



            . I am groom to Mr. Courtenay. On Friday evening, the 23d of February, I left the office about five o'clock, and saw all his clothes in the drawers, which I left locked, and went out of town with him. On the Monday following I found all the drawers broken open, and missed the articles stated in the indictment.


                  JAMES 
                  GILMORE
               



            . I am an officer of Queen-square. On Tuesday, the 27th of February I examined the drawers, and found they were forced by a small gimblet and a chisel. I saw the mark of the worm of a small gimblet and chisel - there were finger marks, as if they had got out at the window, and closed it after them. They could then get through a wharf, as there were craft laying there. I searched the prisoner's lodging, pointed out by Pace, and found a chisel and gimblet there, which I compared with the drawers. They exactly fitted the impressions.
Cross-examined. Q. Would not any chisel of that size make those marks - A. Yes; but there were notches in the chisel which corresponded with the marks.


                  THOMAS 
                  PACE
               



            . I am an officer of Queen-square. In consequence of information I went to Hyam's shop, and apprehended the female prisoner. She took me to her lodgings, No. 16, Duke-street, Westminster. I found her husband on the 15th, at a house in Crown-court, St. Giles's. They acknowledged each other as man and wife, and he claimed the things found at the lodgings. I found a number of duplicates there, relating to the prosecutor's property - and when I took him, he had a pair of grey pantaloons on, which are Mr. Courtenay's.
Cross-examined. Q. When did you go to his lodgings - A. On the 7th of March. The duplicates were in a small pocket-book, in a drawer.


                  JOHN 
                  WINTLE
               



            . I know these pantaloons to be Mr. Courtenay's. I was his groom formerly, and had the care of them while in town.


                  THOMAS 
                  P. COURTENAY
               



            , ESQ. I cannot precisely swear to the pantaloons. I did not give them away after Wintle left me.


                  HYAM 
                  HYAMS
               



            . I live in Dean-street. At the end of February, or the beginning of March, I bought a coat, trowsers, and two waistcoats of the female prisoner.


                  FRANCIS 
                  RAMSAY
               



            . I live in Liquorpond-street. I have a coat, two waistcoats, and a pair of trowsers, which I received in pawn from the female prisoner.


                  HENRY 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Powell, a pawnbroker, who lives at Lambeth. The female prisoner pawned a pair of breeches with me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ABRAHAM 
                  LENOY
               



            'S Defence. I am a carpenter
, and have many tools which may fit the place.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  LENOY
               



             - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .


                  HENRIETTA 
                  LENOY
               



             - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
