





797. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     DENNISON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Davidson
                        




                     
                   on the King's highway, on the 12th of June
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch-chain, value 1 s.; one key, value 5 s., and one seal, value 1 s., his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIDSON
               



            . I am a mariner
. On the 12th of June, between nine and ten o'clock at night, I was coming up Dean-street, Wapping


, going on board the ship Edgar - I was sober; the prisoner and two others came running down the street towards me. He clapped his hand upon my shoulder, intending to knock me down, but I recovered myself - he did not strike me - it was a violent push. He made a snatch at my watch; I had my hand on my fob, and kept my watch - the swivel broke, and he got off with the chain - the swivel broke while I was laying hold of the watch. He ran off, I followed him, his companion, followed me. I pursued the prisoner down a dark lane, and when he got into the street he turned about and met me. He unbuttoned his waistcoat, and told me to search him; he then said if I would let go he would go where I pleased. I let go; he started off, and I followed him - he got out of my sight a few minutes. A mob gathered round; he came up, and I laid hold of him - I am sure he is the man.
JOHN BROWN. I took the prisoner in charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw a mob, went up, and he charged me with the robbery.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
Of stealing from the person only.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
