





26. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     REYNOLDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of August
, 1 coat, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Lashbrooke
               




            .


                  FREDERICK 
                  LASHBROOKE
               



            . I am a gentleman's coachman
. On the 4th of August I lodged at the Adam's Arms public-house, in Southampton-street


; I left my blue box-coat in the kitchen on the night of the 3d, and when I got up next morning it was gone - I know nothing of the prisoner, and have not seen my coat since.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COUNT
               



            . I am a rag-merchant; my brother keeps the house in which this robbery was committed - I slept there, as my wife was confined. On the morning of the 4th of August I had to go over the water - I got up at half-past five o'clock; I heard some one on the stairs- I thought it was the pot-boy, and said, "John, what is it o'clock?" the prisoner answered, "It is about seven" - I went down, and heard the prisoner jump as from a table or dresser in the kitchen; I had seen him here the night before - he said, "Do you live here?" said, "I sleep here" - he said, "I am looking for my bundle, but can't find it;" he went to ask the boy - came down again and said,
"I can't find it, but I will take my box-coat, and come again after breakfast;" he then threw a blue coat, over his shoulder, and we went out together as far as London-street - I then bid him good morning; I am sure he is the man.


                  HENRY 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . I was drinking with the prisoner in the night of the 3d of August - he came in just after he, and had no bundle; he said he had had a few words with his wife, and came to lodge there.


                  JAMES 
                  MILLIDGE
               



            . I slept at that house. The prisoner slept with me - I did not hear him get up, but I awoke at seven o'clock, and he was gone.
Prisoner's Defence. I was working at Hounslow, and came up to see my wife - we had a few words, and I went to lodge at that public-house; I got up in the morning, and went out just as the watchman was going five o'clock- I went off to Hounslow.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
