





216. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FAULKNER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December
, twelve pair of stockings, value 16 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Kipling
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to belong to 
               
                  
                     Moses Charles 
                     Bidmead
                  



               
            .


                  DAVID 
                  WINKLY
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Kipling
               



            , who is a hosier
, and lives at No. 59, Cheapside


. About half-past ten o'clock on Saturday night, I was behind the counter serving a customer; I cast my eye towards the door, and saw the prisoner standing there. In a few moments I saw him snatch the stockings off the stool, and run down Bow-lane. I followed, and saw him drop them in Bow-lane; I picked them up, and still followed. Mr. Bidmead got before me, and caught him in Pancras-lane; we brought him back. I am sure he is the man.



                  MOSES 
                  CHARLES BIDMEAD
               



            . I pursued, and stopped the prisoner in Pancras-lane, with a handkerchief in his hand. I had lost sight of him. I said
"You are the man I want." He said
"What for?" I said for stealing a dozen of stockings. Winkly came up and indentified him - the shop is 
               
                  Robert 
                  Kipling
               



            's.


                  GEORGE 
                  CONEY
               



            . I was coming along about a dozen yards from the shop, and saw the prisoner snatch the stockings; I followed and saw him drop them - I am sure he is the man.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going home when the gentleman collared me - I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
