






311. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PASKIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, one handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Frederick William 
                           Crouch
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  FREDERICK 
                  WILLIAM CROUCH
               



            . I live in Phoenix-terrace, Islington. On the 18th of December, I was in Oxford-road


, near Charles-street. I felt somebody close behind touch me. I turned round, and a little boy passed me. I heard a noise, turned round again, and saw the prisoners in custody - I missed my handkerchief, it was found under Green's coat.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BIDGOOD
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Galley, a carpenter. I first saw the prisoners in company together, with a little boy seven or eight years old, in Leicester-square, about half-past five o'clock, they were all three together. I followed them all the way to Charles-street, it being in my road home; I saw Mr. Crouch between Wardour and Dean-street. Green and the little boy went on first, the little one attempted to pick Mr. Crouch's pocket. Paskin was behind them, and when they hung back, he pushed them forward. The little boy took the handkerchief out, and held it behind him; Paskin put his hand out to take it, but Green took it and put it in his bosom. I laid hold of him, took it out, and shewed it to Mr. Crouch. Frazier took Paskin, he resisted, and tried to get away - I said, if he did not come along quiet, I would strike him.


                  GEORGE 
                  FRAZIER
               



            . I am a carver. I was with Bidgood, and saw the prisoners attempting several gentlemen's pockets. A little boy was with them; I saw Crouch in Oxford-street, the little boy took the handkerchief out, Paskin held his hand out for it, but Green took it. I secured Paskin, he tried to get from me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
PASKIN'S Defence. I was coming from Mary-le-bonne-street, the little boy took the handkerchief, and threw it at Green - I was not with them.
GREEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Confined One Year
             and 



               Whipped
            .
PASKIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
