





Before Mr. Justice Park.
2016. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BLAKE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of September
, 1 half-sovereign; 6 shillings, and 8 pence
            , the monies of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Collier
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  COLLIER
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Collier; we live in Green-street, Grosvenor-square


. On the 22d of September, the prisoner came and asked if I could tell him of a situation, as he was in much distress - I did not know him before - I said I did not know of one, but if business improved, I should want a lad of his description myself, and would take him, but I would employ him to deliver some bills, that afternoon, if he could stop; he did so, and I gave him 1s., telling him to come next morning and fetch my load from Covent-garden-market - I am a green grocer; he came and continued with me till five o'clock in the afternoon; he breakfasted and dined at my house - I agreed to give him 4d. for fetching the load - he asked if I could spare him for half an hour, as he knew some of the 
               
                  Marquis 
                  of Anglesea
               



            's servants, and thought he could get me their custom; he returned, and ordered about 3s. 4d. worth of fruit for the Marquis, which I was to send, with change for a sovereign - I sent the fruit by him, with half a sovereign, and 6s. 8d. - he never returned, but was apprehended in Silver-street, Golden-square, in about two hours; he said at the watch-house, that I need not have been so hasty, for he had got my money, and was going to bring it to me - 8s. 21/2d. was found on him, but no half sovereign, nor the fruit.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  GILL
               



            . I live at the Marquis of Anglesea's. My husband is porter there - I never saw the prisoner there; we never ordered fruit, or any thing of him - I attended the door all day; the Marquis was out of town.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was given into my charge, at the watch-house, in Vine-street, Piccadilly - I asked him where the sovereign was; he said he had left it at home at his mother's, as he had a hole in his pocket, and was afraid of losing it - I said, that was not true; he persisted in saying he had left the fruit at the Marquis', till a messenger, whom I had sent, returned from there - I found 8s. 21/2d. on him; he then acknowledged that he had not been to the Marquis', but had eaten part of the fruit, and given the rest away; he said he had spent the money, and was sorry for it, and hoped he should be forgiven.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
