






637. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     WELCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of March

, a silver fork, value 15 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ephraim 
                     Harris
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FURLONG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  EPHRAIM 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a silversmith and salesman
. The prisoner Welch nursed
 my wife - she went out on the 19th of March, and was to return at night, but did not. Ballard brought me a fork, which is mine, and has my name on it.
Prisoner WELCH. Q. Was it not among the clothes you sent out to wash - A. She was to come back to wash the clothes. I understand that she called and took them home to wash.


                  JOHN 
                  BAGULEY
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Dobree, pawnbroker, Oxford-street. On the evening of the 22d of March Welch brought this fork, and wished to sell it - I questioned her about it; she did not satisfy me. I sent for Ballard, who took her and the fork.


                  CHARLES 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I know both the prisoners. On the 22d of March they both came and pawned a table-cloth, which they redeemed in ten minutes. I was present when Welch gave this fork in pledge for 9 s. - each took up part of the money and went away, and both came in in about ten minutes, and took it out of pawn again; Furlong gave her the money, and she redeemed it; I delivered it to her - he wanted to put it into his pocket, and she said she would take it, as she was more sober than him; it was the same sort of fork as that produced.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I am a constable. I received Welch in charge at Dobree's with the fork; she said it was her own property. I found a cap in her pocket, which she said was her own. I asked if she had children small enough to wear it; she said, Yes, and that they were at her lodging, somewhere in Crown-street, St. Giles's, and her name was Jones. Next day, as I took her to the office I saw the male prisoner speaking to her, and asked if she was his wife; he said not. I took him into the office, sent him out while she was examined, and after that she said she was his wife, and that the fork was her property, and she had told him she had had it with her former husband. He said at first that he had seen the fork, and knew it was in pawn, and afterwards that he had only heard that it was in pawn, and had not seen it. On the day she was first examined, he said he knew she had had it a long time. On the Saturday following, when I apprehended him, he said she was not his wife, and he had never seen the fork till he saw it in the pawnbroker's hands. He refused to tell where he lodged; he at first said he lived in Golden-lane, and then that he had no lodging. I asked where he took the bundles to - he said he had taken no bundles.


                  ELEANOR 
                  RUSHBROOK
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Harris. I washed this fork on the 22d of March, and laid it on the secretary in the parlour, and it was there when she came for the clothes.


                  CHARLES 
                  CLARK
               



            . It was a similar fork to this.
WELCH's Defence. I have been employed at this house several years, and trusted with a deal of property. I attended his wife till she died, and was then told I had no more business in the room, as he is of a different persuasion to me. I was told to call on Monday for the things to wash, which I did, and his daughter told me to bundle up the clothes - I did so, and this fork was among them; I found it on sorting the clothes, and being short of money I went to pawn it, met Furlong, and asked him to go with me; I pawned it in my own name, and took up the 9 s., and when I came out he asked how I got it; I said it was my own - he left me. I took it out again, and offered it for 5 s., intending to take it back.
FURLONG's Defence. I met her in Mortimore-street - we went and pawned the fork; she promised me that she would take it out. Next morning a watchman informed me she was in confinement, and I went to the watch-house.
WELCH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FURLONG - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
