





1376. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
, one sovereign; two half-crowns, and one shilling, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Jeremiah 
                           Rippington
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JEREMIAH RIPPINGTON. I am a copper-plate printer
, and live in Portpool-lane. I work for Mr. Elvey, of Castle-street. On the 21st of July, about half-past one o'clock in the morning, I was in Leather-lane


 - I was quite sober. I stopped at the corner of a gateway for a necessary purpose. I had a sovereign, two half-crowns, two shillings, and some halfpence in my pocket. A man thrust his hand into my pocket - I did not see him come up to me. I turned round very quick, and entangled his hand between my arm and my pocket - I seized his hand, and charged him with taking my money. He said,
"Here, here, you fool, don't make any noise, and take what belongs to you," returning me 1 s. 4 d.; he immediately ran off, and I cried Stop thief! he was stopped in my sight - and at the watch-house he was asked what money he had about him; he said when he left home he had 5 s., but he had spent some of it. He was asked if he had a sovereign; he said if he had he would forfeit his existence. A sovereign, two half-crowns, a few shillings, and about eighteen-pence in copper were found on him. The amount was more than I had lost. He is the man - I never saw him before.
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. Q. It was all done in a moment - A. Yes; but he was not out of my sight.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  KERNEY
               



            . I am a patrol. I was in Leather-lane, thirty or forty yards from the gateway, and heard the cry - I saw the prisoner running, and stopped him; the prosecutor immediately came up, and charged him with robbing him of a sovereign - the prosecutor appeared sober. When we got to the watch-house, I asked him what money he had; he said 5 s. or not so much - he appeared sober. He said if I found a sovereign on him, he would forfeit his existence. I found a sovereign, two half-crowns, two shillings and sixpence, and eighteen pence halfpenny on him.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I am a broker, and live in Leather-lane. I was about forty yards off, and heard the cry, and saw the prisoner running from the gateway. He said at the watch-house, he would forfeit his existence if he had a sovereign about him.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been drinking with my shopmates. The prosecutor was going on before me with a man on his arm, and when I passed he called Stop thief! a man ran by me; I stood there, and the officer came and took me. I said the man was gone on. I said at the watch-house that I had a sovereign, and a little silver. Another man was brought in and let go. On the Monday following the prosecutor came into the public-house by the office - he did not know me them. Kerney took him aside; he then said I was the man.
JEREMLAM RIPPINGTON. I am sure he denied having a sovereign. I never doubted of his being the man; Kerney never told me to say he was. Nobody ran away but him.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  KERNEY
               



            . The prosecutor never doubted about him. I never told him to say he was the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
