





148. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     STEWART
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, 1 shawl, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hall
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Charlotte 
                        Hall
                     



                  , spinster

.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  HALL
               



            . I sent my infant son Thomas out with my little daughter, (who is nine years of age,) on the 31st of October, about the middle of the day, to take a walk - the baby had a pair of shoes and a blue shawl on; she returned, and the child had lost the shawl and one shoe; I have a sick husband, and cannot often send my daughter to church; I do when I can - the prisoner says she sold the things at a rag-shop.


                  SOPHIA 
                  STEWART
               



            . I am the prisoner's mother. On the 31st of October, about one o'clock, she brought home a lightish blue shawl and a child's shoe - she said she found them; I did not make any inquiries - I tore the shoe up and mended my husband's stockings with it, and burnt the sole - I do not know what became of the shawl; she said her mistress lent it her - she wore it that afternoon, went out with it the next morning, then came home without it, and said her mistress had given it to a young woman who had got farther to go than she had.


                  JOHN 
                  MILLS
               



            . I am a watchman. I took the prisoner on the 2d of November, about nine o'clock at night; I told her it was for stealing a shawl off a child's neck - I took her to the watch-house, and she told the watch-housekeeper she sold it in a court in the Strand for 3d.; she said she took it off a child's neck - the prosecutrix was there and said if she produced the shawl she would not give charge of her - the watch house-keeper might say she would not be prosecuted.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  HALL
               



            . I gave charge of the prisoner at the watch-house - the gentleman asked if she had done such a thing; she said she had - I said "You have robbed my child," she made no reply; my daughter, who had the child, was with me at the time, and pointed out the prisoner.
GUILTY. Aged 16.
Of 


               stealing, but not from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
