






196. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that she, on the 1st of December

, being servant to 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Slack
                        



                     
                  , did steal two yards and a half of cloth, value 42 s.; and one yard and three quarters of kerseymere, value, 12 s.; and one yard and a quarter of other cloth, value 20 s.
            ; his property, and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WARD
                  




               
            , was indicted, for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .
MR. PRENDERGAST conducted the prosecution.
MR. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  SLACK
               



            . I am a woollen-draper
, and live in Smithfield



. Wood came into my service on the 26th of November, and on the Sunday evening following, I heard the door shut, and asked her who came in, she said her brother and sister had just gone out; next morning at breakfast my man gave me information, and I missed two yards and a half of ladies cloth, part of a blue kerseymere, and a green pelisse cloth, cut; the ladies cloth was safe on the Saturday night, the kerseymere and pelisse cloths had been cut by small scissars, one yard and a quarter had been cut off the pelisse cloth. Having no other female servant, I charged the prisoner with it, she denied it, I asked where her brother and sister lived, she said,
"No. 9, Charles-street, New Kent Road;" I accompanied an officer there; there were two Nos. 9, but no such name as Wood. The officer fetched her to point out the house, and said in her hearing, that she had confessed the robbery, and that her brother lived in Whitecross-street, she said nothing to it; she afterwards took us to the house in Whitecross-street; she went up stairs, I followed her into a room on the third floor, and there found the prisoner Ward, she said that was her brother, the window of the room was open. I called the officer up, he came up in about five minutes, during which time Ward was going to the door, I caught him by the collar, he tried to throw me down, I had not told him what I came about; when the officer came I gave him in charge, I loosed my hold and he sat down by the window; I saw him put his hand into his pocket, and drop something out of window; I looked out and saw a key rebound to the other side of the street; I called to a gentleman to pick it up, I sent Mr. Picket, down for it, and saw the gentleman deliver it to him, the officer tried to unlock a box in the room with the key, but could not, he was going to break it open, but the prisoner Ward said,
"give me the key and I will open it," which he did, the officer took out two bundles, the second was tied up in a white pocket-handkerchief, it contained a yard and three quarters of blue kerseymere, and a yard and a quarter of pelisse cloth, which I knew to be mine; Ward said that was all belonging to me; I have compared them with other cloth, and they tally where they were cut, and there is a particular mark of white thread in the kerseymere by which I know it.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Did Wood go out at all after you heard the door shut - A. Not to my knowledge.


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNEY
               



            . I am an officer. On the 2d of December, I was at Mr. Slack's house, and heard Wood deny the charge, she said her brother and sister lived in Charles-street, New Kent Road; I accompanied Mr. Slack there, and returned for her, to take her there in the coach; in Blackfriars-Road, I told her it was no use deceiving me, for I was determined to find it out, she bust into tears, and said,
"I cut it off myself," I asked where her brother and sister lived, she said,
"at No. 4, LowerWhitecross-street," she said she delivered it to Ward; we went to Whitecross-street with her, she went up with Mr. Slack, I stopped below, and soon after Mr. Slack called out of window for me, I went up the wrong staircase, but when I got to the room, I found Ward and Mr. Slack struggling together, I collared Ward and pushed him down into a chair close by the window, I did not see the key go, as my back was turned, but Mr. Slack said.
"He has thrown something out of window," the prisoner said nothing, it was brought up - I tried to open the box with it, but could not, but he said he would open it, and did so, and I found the cloth which Mr. Slack immediately claimed, he described it before he saw it; I found a key on Wood which opens the door of Ward's lodging, and found a similar key upon Ward's wife; Ward said the cloth was given to him to make 
               Wood
             a pelisse; he said nothing about the kerseymere and other cloth. I took him to Guildhall and left him in charge of my partner, and he run out; but was secured half-way a cross the yard; Wood said she did give him the cloth at Mr. Slack's shop, she said nothing about a pelisse; I believe she said she cut the cloth before he came there.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  PICKETT
               



            . I am Mr. Slack's brother-in-law. I was in the coach at the time Wood made the confession. I told her the crime was a henious one, and if she had been induced by her brother to do it, she should confess. I made her no promise; she said she cut it off by the persuasion of her brother, and had it ready for him by the time he came - that he was in the house about ten minutes, and the bell rang, and he went away - that he took it away in his pockets, and that he sometimes went by the name of Ward. I went with her to Whitecross-street, where she said the cloth was; a key which was found on her, she said, opened her brother's door. A gentleman in the street gave me the key which opened the box; the witness's account is correct.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Slack. I was dressing the window on Monday morning, and missed two yards and a half of ladies cloth, which is new. I know it to be the same. I had seen it on the Saturday.
WOOD. Ward did not know it was stolen.
WARD'S Defence. She told me she bought it, and I did not know but what she had.
WOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Confined Six Months
            .
WARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
