





1359. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     KING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of July
, one plane, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Oliver
                        



                     
                  ; and one plane, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Auger
                  



               
            .


                  MICHAEL 
                  QUIN
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 25th of July, about a quarter past four o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner in Regent-street, with two planes, and asked him where he brought them from; he said from Prince's-street, Drury-lane, and was going to Park-lane; his back was all over shavings.


                  JOHN 
                  AUGER
               



            . On the 25th of July, at eight o'clock at night, I left my plane at a building in Argyle-place


 - it was fenced all round. Two more were stolen.


                  ROBERT 
                  OLIVER
               



            . I was working with Auger - my plane was taken from the corner of Argyle-place. I left it safe at eight o'clock at night, and missed it at nine o'clock in the morning.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to Bath, and returninglate in the evening, I went to this house to lie down, and under the bench were these planes, with more tools. I took them up, and laid them on the bench, and about a quarter to four o'clock, some man was getting over the paling - his foot slipped, which made me start up. I looked, and missed the planes from where I had laid them. I got over the rails, and picked these two up in Argyll-street.


                  MICHAEL 
                  QUIN
               



            . He said nothing of the kind before.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
