





FIFTH DAY. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 24.
Middlesex Cases, First Jury,
Before Mr. Recorder.
410. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of February
, sixty yards of flannel, value 20 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Bannister
               




            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  BANNISTER
               



            . I am a hosier
, and live in Holborn


. On the 6th of February, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, when I went out, the flannel stood two feet within the shop, and was fastened by a handkerchief; when I came home, the prisoner was in custody in the watch-house.


                  MARY 
                  SARTIN
               



            . I am servant to a gentleman, in James-street, Bedford-row. On the 6th of February, about half-past seven o'clock, I was going into a linendraper's shop, next door to the prosecutors, and saw a young man take a roll of flannel from the prosecutor's door, I went in and told them, and in about five minutes the prisoner was brought back with it.


                  HENRY 
                  STOCKPORT
               



            . I am a sadler. I was in Holborn, and saw the prisoner run across the road with the flannel: he turned down Gray's Inn-lane, where I took him with it on his back - he said nothing.
Prisoner. Q. Was any body with me - A. Yes, you called out to him,
"Come along Dick," and he escaped.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I received him in charge; he began to cry, and said he did it through distress. I found 7 s., on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had sold some beads in Air-street-hill, for 7 s.; a young man came up, and asked me to carry the flannel.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
