





1007. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DOYLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        George Coleman Hamilton 
                        Lewis
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  COLEMAN
               



             HAMILTON LEWIS. I live at Wellington-terrace, Waterloo-bridge, and am clerk
 to a solicitor. On the 23d of April, between twelve and one o'clock in the day, I was between Holborn-bridge


 and Field-lane


, walking with my sister-in-law - I felt a tug at my pocket, and missed my handkerchief, which I had used shortly before - I turned round, and saw the prisoner darting down Field-lane, alone; I pursued, calling Stop thief! he was stopped by one Ford, and was taken to St. Andrew's watch-house - Ford took the handkerchief from his breast pocket in Field-lane.


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . I am one of the day patrol. On the 23d of April the prisoner was given in my charge - the handkerchief was delivered to me; Lewis claimed it: I found another handkerchief in his hat, and another officer took two out of his pocket - three were found on him besides the prosecutor's; he had 6s. 9d. in his pocket.


                  GEORGE 
                  JOSEPH FORD
               



            . I keep a boot and shoe-shop, No. 3, Field-lane. I stopped the prisoner, seeing him put the handkerchief into his breast pocket - I collared him, and took it out; I had seen him turn down Field-lane, and collared him directly he came to my door - he was running very fast: Lewis claimed the handkerchief - I saw the other three found, which have not been claimed.


                  GEORGE 
                  GEORGE
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house; I took two handkerchiefs from him myself.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw the handkerchief drop from two young men; one turned down Field-lane - I took it up, and followed, to ask if it was his.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
