





819. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  OWEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Butt
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM BUTT. I live in Alfred-place, Blackfriars-road, and am a clerk
 in a public office. On the 12th of March, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was on the west side of Fleet-market, coming towards Fleet-street; I had left home at half-past six, and felt my handkerchief safe; as I went along Davis gave me information - I felt and missed it; he pointed out three persons; I called an officer from the watch-house in the market, and went with him; we came up with the three persons in Fleet-street, near Poppin's-court - the prisoner was one of them; Davis pointed him out to me; the officer and I took him: I did not observe the other two afterwards - they were about a yard and a half before him; the prisoner immediately threw my handkerchief down - it was picked up.


                  JAMES 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a fancy stationer, and live in King's Head-court, St. Martin's-le-grand. On the 12th of March, I was in Fleet-market, and saw the prisoner and two others following him; and from their manner of walking I went into the road to watch; Mr. Butt walked on a little way, and stopped to look at a jeweller's window; the prisoner and the others walked on. I went up to Mr. Butt and asked if he had lost anything; he felt in his pocket and missed his handkerchief - I pointed out the men, and said they must be the party: I watched them; they turned down Fleet-street; I knew the prisoner before and pointed him out; the officer laid hold of him, and the others got away; I went after them; the bill against one of them was thrown out by the Grand Jury; I was gone after them when the handkerchief was picked up.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me pick the gentleman's pocket? A. No; nor did I see him throw it away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WORCESTER
               



            . I am a day patrol of the Mansion-house. I received information from Butt and Davis; I went with them; Davis pointed to the prisoner, who had a stick in his left hand - I collared him and said I wanted him; he took the handkerchief from behind him with his right hand and threw it against an area; I had hold of him at the time, and picked it up - Mr. Butt's name was on it; I think one of the others was in the prisoner's company, but did not notice the third.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me throw the handkerchief from me? A. I did, I saw it go from his hand.
Prisoner's Defence. When he collared me I turned round, and said, "Here is the handkerchief on the ground," and there were twenty or thirty people round.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
