






477. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RAY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BUTLERS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of December
, 25 yards of cotton, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Belcher
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  BELCHER
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in High-street, Portland-town


. On the 29th of December I went out about two o'clock, and returned at seven - I was then informed I had been robbed; I had left these goods safe when I went out.


                  DANIEL 
                  DUTCH
               



            . I am an officer. The watchman brought the prisoners and these things to Mary-le-bone Office, on the evening of the 29th of December; I was directed by the Magistrate to find the owner of them - the prisoners said nothing about them.


                  EDWARD 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a watchman. I was on duty at a quarter before seven o'clock at night, in the Grove-road; 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Parker
               



             pointed out the prisoners to me - Butlers had this property; I went and asked how he came by it - he threw it down, and ran away; I caught the white cotton and the yellow handkerchief as he dropped them -I then pursued, and took him; I had never lost sight of him - he only said the other man gave it to him, as they had been in conversation in coming up Alpha-road; I am quite sure Ray is the person who was in conversation with him - I had never seen them before; they were nearly half a mile from Mr. Belcher's.
ISAAC PARKER. At half-past six o'clock that evening I was going from my own house in Wellington-road, and saw the two prisoners: Butlers had something in his apron, and Ray had this piece of blue cotton under his arm - I suspected something, and followed them some distance; when I got to the end of Alpha-road I saw the watchman, and told him - they then came up: Butlers then had a bundle in his hand, tied up in a yellow silk handkerchief - I told the watchman to go to him, and he threw it down; the watchman caught the calico and handkerchief. and pursued him: I went and took Ray - he said, "What have I done? I have done nothing;" I said, "You are one of them" - he said, "I have done nothing;" when I first saw them they were about three times the length of this Court from the prosecutor's: they went up Caroline-place, and to the top of the Alpha-road.
Prisoner RAY. I was only just speaking to this prisoner; I left him, and walked on - the watchman came and pursued Butlers. Witness. Ray had the piece of blue cotton till they came on to Caroline-place; I thenturned another way, and when they came up the road Butlers had it in a bundle, with the other.
RAY's Defence. I met Butlers with this bundle - he said he had been on an errand; I said, "I must make haste home;" he said, "Good night:" the gentleman then came up, and said, "I want you."
BUTLERS' Defence. I left work at half-past six o'clock, and went on an errand - I came back, and kicked something before me; I took it up, and put it into this handkerchief: Parker acknowledged himself that he had been a thief, and said he knew where the fence was.


                  ISAAC 
                  PARKER
               



            . No such thing; I said."I know you are going to the fence in the Grove," where they go to dispose of such things - I had seen the prisoners without any thing in Lodge-road, at half-past four o'clock, which gave me suspicion.
RAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
BUTLERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
