





1242. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  TADMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of May
, 50lbs. weight of lead, value 7s., belonging to the 
                     
Guardians of the Poor of St. Luke, Middlesex




                  , and fixed to a certain building of theirs
            .
MR. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARKE
               



            . I am master of St. Luke's workhouse. The prisoner was a pauper in that house for about five weeks. On Sunday, the 14th of May, I went with Worrell, another pauper, to the stable, where we found the prisoner, and, about one or two yards from his feet.this piece of lead - it weighs about 50lbs. I compared it with that on the roof, and it appeared to have been cut from there - it matched exactly.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOOTH
               



            . I am a pauper in the house. The prisoner was there - the sick ward overlooks a shed belonging to the workhouse; I saw the prisoner on the roof of that shed - he took off some tiles, and put them into the gutter - he then stooped down and took up something, but I cannot tell what; he had been walking backwards and forwards on that gutter - the building joins to the poor-house.


                  GEORGE 
                  HEBDEAN
               



            . I saw the prisoner on the building on Sunday morning, the 14th of May; I saw him turn round - he lifted up the lead over his head, and bent it backwards and forwards - he then dropped it down; I told the master of it.
Prisoner's Defence (written). I was informed that I and my family were to be sent to my native place, which is 200 miles off; I had some business to attend to which induced me to get over the wall to get out, but I declare I never touched the property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
