





1074. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     DONOVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of July
, a ring, value 6 s., and two keys, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Green
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS GREEN. On the evening of the 10th of July, I was in Sun-street, Bishopsgate, at half-past nine o'clock, walking along, and as I came to Sun-square


, I felt a snatch at my watch ribbon, and hit the man with my stick - he got my gold ring, and two keys; the swivel of the watch broke. I cannot swear to the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  MORGAN
               



            . On the 10th of July, at half-past nine o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner snatch at the prosecutor's watch ribbon; I had seen him standing there for five minutes before, and am sure of his person. He ran down Sun-square; I did not follow him.
Cross-examined. Q. You gave no alarm - A. No. I went into my master's shop - he was not far from me; he went too fast for him. I went into the shop, being afraid to leave it; I did not know him before. I was very near him, and noticed his standing there. He had a black eye at the time; he went away and came again.
COURT. Q. Was there any light in the street - A. There was a lamp. I saw him before the Magistrate next day; his eye was black then.


                  DANIEL 
                  REARDON
               



            . On the 16th of July, between half past nine and ten o'clock, I saw the prisoner at the corner of Bishopsgate-street, and followed him with two more towards Morgan's master's shop - he stood there a few minutes - went away and came back again, and all at once darted at the prosecutor and ran off; a cart came between us, or I could have secured him. But I am certain of him.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you ever see him before - A. Yes; I knew him personally before and knew he lived in the neighbourhood, but did not know where. I suspected him, which made me watch him; having seen him with bad characters - pickpockets; who I have seen lurking about. I am a plaisterer, and live in Grenville-street, Somers-town. He had a black eye.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner the day after the robbery, in Long-alley. I had seen him the evening before with two suspicious characters.
Prisoner's Defence. The witness swore at the Mansion-house, that he saw me pass his master's shop next day; and, if so, why not take me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
