






1736. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FRANCIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of August
, 1 live turkey, price 12s., and 18 apples, value 1s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hierons
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HIERONS
               



            . I am a farmer
, and live at Perryford, near Harrow


. On the 3d of August my servant missed a turkey - I went into the yard, and it was gone - I had seen it safe in the afternoon of the day before - it is what we call a milk-white one, and was moulting at the time - I know nothing of the prisoners - I also missed some apples from some small trees; I took some apples to the office, and what I saw there corresponded exactly.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREAVES
               



            . I am a patrol of Paddington. On the 3d of August I was going my rounds, and at White's-bridge I saw the two prisoners coming across the country; one had a bundle under his arm, and the other this basket across his shoulder - I took a different direction, and met them in a lane, and asked what they had got - Francis said, "I have got nothing, not much;" I said,"What have you got?" he then said, "A turkey, I bought it of a man in a cart at Harrow, for 5s., for a gentleman in the Borough" - I asked what part of the Borough he lived in - he said, he did not know; I then asked where he was to take it to - he said, to the gentleman's brother in Westminster - I asked where there - he said he did not know; I asked if there was any direction on the turkey, and whether it was alive or dead; he said it was alive, and there was no direction; I then asked Smith what he had got; he said, "Some apples, to make a dumpling;" I asked where he was going to to make it; Francis replied, he was going to his house; I asked where that was - he said, in Westminster; I asked what street, and what number - he said he did not know; I then took them into custody, and have brought the turkey here.


                  FRANCIS 
                  BRADBURY
               



            . The prisoners were brought to me with the turkey and the apples - Francis said he had bought the turkey of a man near Harrow, who had forty or fifty of them; it was in a small basket, doubled up head and heels, to crowd it in.(Turkey produced and sworn to.)
FRANCIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 49.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
