






1301. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ADAMS
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BARRATT
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of April
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Perkins
               




            .
WILLIAM PERKINS. On the 10th of April I was mending a fence by the road side, at South Mimms


 - Adams came up, and asked if I had seen any beast go by that day - I said No - he said, "Well, I suppose they are not gone by yet - it is about five o'clock, is it not?" - I took out my watch, and said, "It is." Barratt then passed by, and dropped a needle-case out of his hat - Adams took it up, and asked if it was mine - I said, "No, it is that man's" - he said,"I wonder what he has got in it" - he shook it, then opened it, and there was a needle in it - he took it out, and said,"Now I'll have a little fun, and get a little beer of him" - he then called to Barratt, and said "Have you lost any thing?" he said "Not that I know of" - he then said "Yes, a needle-case;" he called him back, and gave it to him. Barratt took it, touched his hat, and said, "I am much obliged to you," and was going away - Adams said "What is in it?" - he said"A needle;" Adams said he would bet a pint of beer that there was not. Barrett said he would lay 5s. there was; they went on till they got up to a sovereign. Adams asked me to lay the sovereign - I refused, but through his persuasion I did, at last. I gave Adams my watch to hold against the sovereign - the case was opened, there was a needle and pin in it. Adams then gave him my watch - I said"It is a complete swindle, but if you will go home with me I'll give you the sovereign" - they went 40 or 50 yards. Barrett then attempted to run off - I seized him, and they both struck me violently. Barratt exclaimed with an oath,"Knock his head off." Adams struck me violently, and rather stanned me, but as soon as I could, I cried Murder! and still kept hold of Barratt; they then threatened to kill me if I did not let go. Huntley and other people then came up; and then they gave me my watch and 1s. 6d. which I had laid with the watch. I had them secured.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUNTLEY
               



            . I was in the road, and heard a great noise. I went up and saw Perkins and Barratt struggling in the road. Adams kicked him several times. I ran up and said "Are you going to murder him?" they made no reply; he said they had swindled him out of his watch.


                  FREDERICK 
                  PROPSTRING
               



            . I am a constable, and apprehended Barratt. I found some cups and balls, and needle cases on him.
ADAMS Defence. I gave the watch to the man as soon as he had won it - he caught hold of him and said he would have it back. Barratt called Murder! and I helped him.
BARRATT's Defence. On my way to Barnet I saw the prosecutor in conversation with this man, who is a stranger. I accidentally dropped a case, containing two needles, but did not know it; the prosecutor betted his watch, and 1s. 6d. that it did not contain two needles - it was found to contain one pin and one needle, which he must have placed there - this caused the dispute; he refused to comply, struck me violently, and injured me; after recovering, I returned his watch and money. He demanded 5s. for the insult which I gave him, and went away, but he had me apprehended.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I did take 5s. but was so stunned with the kicks and blows, I did not know what I was about, or I would not have done it.
ADAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.
BARRATT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
