






281. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  EASTON
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of December
, a handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Boyes
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BOSTON
               



            . I am a journeyman coach-maker. On the 8th of December, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Cheapside, and saw the prisoners standing about - I watched them into Fleet-street; they continued together, and near Shoe-lane


 Easton put his hand into Mr. Boyes's pocket, took a handkerchief out and put it into the flap of his breeches - Clark was close to him, and must have seen it. I seized Easton with the handkerchief; Clark came up afterwards, and I took him also. I had a struggle with Clark, and Easton broke from me, but I secured him immediately, without losing sight of him. Mr. Boyes took the handkerchief from the flap of Easton's breeches.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Have you often given information on these subjects? A. Yes; whenever I see a robbery - I had not seen one for twelve months before. I have been a witness here several times. I make boot-jacks and things at home, and live at No. 34, Henry-street, Hampstead-road.


                  JOHN 
                  WELSDALE PEEL
               



            . I am a printer. I was passing, and saw a mob - Mr. Boyes had a handkerchief in his hand, and said he had taken it from Easton's small clothes. I saw Boston take Clark, who put himself in a fighting attitude, Easton ran from Mr. Boyes, but was taken afterwards.
THOMAS BOYES. I command a ship
 in the East India trade. On coming from the coffee-house, Boston said I was robbed; I felt, and missed my handkerchief, turned round, and he had hold of Easton, whom I took by the arm, and took my handkerchief from his breeches. He ran away, and an officer secured him in St. Bride's passage.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CLARK'S Defence. I met the other man in Cheapside, left him in Fleet-street, and soon after, seeing a mob, I went up, and this man collared me.
EASTON' Defence. I picked the handkerchief up.
Easton received a good character.
EASTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Confined Two Months
             and 



               Whipped
            .
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.





               Transported for Life
            .
