





1148. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MARTIN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
, 40lbs. weight of spermaceti, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        Hugh 
                        Barclay
                     




                   and others, his partners, to whom he was servant
            .
HUGH BARCLAY. I am a wax-bleacher and sperm refiner
, and have partners - our manufactory is in the Strand


 - the prisoner had worked for us two years. I had no suspicion of him till he was apprehended.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COUSINS
               



            . I am an officer. I was informed of some circumstances, and was watching opposite the door of Mr. Robinson, a tallow-chandler, in Drury-lane, for about three hours, on the 27th of May, and about a quarter before eleven o'clock, I saw the prisoner go into the shop with a large bundle in a handkerchief - I went into the shop in a short time, and saw the prisoner putting some pieces of this spermaceti into the scale, from a bag which was laying on the handkerchief - I asked what he had got- he said some kitchen-stuff, which he brought from where he lived; I asked if he was servant there - he said Yes; I asked where it was, and he said, after some hesitation, at No. 4, Russell-square; I set off to go there, and when I got to the top of Drury-lane I turned my head, and saw him struggling with Smith - he got away; I pursued him, and he was stopped by a watchman. I made inquiries, and found where he worked.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a tallow-chandler, and live in Drury-lane. The prisoner has been several times to my house with this stuff - I suspected it was stolen, and made inquiries about where he lived, but could not ascertain - I gave information; Cousins and two other officers were there to take him, by my direction.


                  THOMAS 
                  INGRAM
               



            . I am foreman to Messrs. Barclay and Co. I had information from the officers, and looked in the press - I missed this part of a cake of sperm.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
