





147. 
               
                  
                     BETSY 
                     BRACKINGBURY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, 1 cornelian stone, value 3s.; 1 amethyst, value 5s.; 1 topaz, value 2s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 5s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 2s., and 1 pair of shoes, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John James 
                  Sturz
               




            .
DAVID HARDING. I know the house of Mr. Mitchell - it is near the Regent's-park; the prisoner was a servant
 there - I used to go and clean shoes, and do other work. One Monday, early in November, she gave me a bundle, which was afterwards opened, and property found in it; she told me to take it home, and take care of it - I took it home, and put it into a large box; she said she was going to leave her situation, and wished me to look out for a lodging for a single person; the next morning she gave me a little parcel screwed up in a piece of newspaper, which contained the articles stated in the indictment; I opened them, looked at them, and then told what I had seen - she was taken into custody; this is the property.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long has she lived there? A. I believe about four months; she never gave me a pair of shoes, except in the bundle - she once gave me an old pair of man's slippers; I did not desire her to take them - she never lived in my house; I was no acquaintance of hers - the slippers she gave me were not worth a penny; they were quite mouldy, and had been lying about the house - I thought they might belong to her - they were of no use to me; I burnt them - I have occasionally been in one of the bed-rooms.


                  JOHN 
                  MANNING
               



            . I took the prisoner, and produce the property.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES STURZ
               



            . I have the second floor in the house in which the prisoner lived; she did not wait on me, but I believe she made the beds - this property is mine; the cornelian is engraved with my initials - I know the other articles; they were all in the bed-room - two of these stones were in a drawer, but I generally left the key in the drawer.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Harding? A. Yes, he cleaned my boots - I did not lose any shoes but those that are here; I had none that were only fit to be burnt - he only comes into my bed-room when I am in bed, to bring up my things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
