





468. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     LEWIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of February
, six sovereigns, and sixteen shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Jameson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JAMESON
               



            . I am a mariner
, and belong to the Seringapatam
. I was discharged at Bristol, and arrived at the Cross Keys, Gracechurch-street, on the 14th of February, and at seven o'clock I came out, and met the prisoner with another woman in Gracechurch-street, after nine o'clock - I was sober. I accosted her; she took me to a house in Still-alley


. I retired with the other girl; the prisoner went into another room with an old man. I had hardly got to bed before she came and crept under the bed. I had a light in the room, heard somebody under the bed, jumped out, and caught her by the neck; my trowsers were drawn off the bed, and my pocket torn out of them. I took hold of a knife, and said
"Deliver it up, or I will cut your block off," and she gave me my pocket, there was a sovereign and 16 s. in it. I said I had lost more, but if she would give me half I would give her the rest. When I left the Cross Keys, I had six sovereigns and 16 s. loose in my breeches pocket. I had spoken to nobody else - a sovereign was found on her at the watch-house. I detained the other woman, but she slipped away.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Had not the keeper of the house been in the room - A. I do not know. I was sober.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am inspector of the watch. About half-past ten o'clock in the morning, the prisoner was brought to the watch-house; the prosecutor gave the account he has now, and appeared sober. I found a sovereign in her hand.
Cross-examined. Q. Another woman had been in his company - A. Yes. I went to the house and found it shut up, the people have left it.


                  JOHN 
                  SAUNDRY
               



            . I am a watchman. The prosecutor came to me, and said he was robbed. I went to the house, the prisoner was brought to the watch-house, and a sovereign found in her hand.
Prisoner's Defence. The gentleman gave me the sovereign.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
