





536. 
               
                  MARY 
                  BRYAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of February
, a watch, value 3 l.; a seal, value 15 s., and two keys, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Alexander 
                        Davison
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ALEXANDER DAVISON. I am a groom
, in the service of 
               
                  Levison 
                  Gower
               



            , Esq. I was in Piccadilly on the 7th of February, about half-past 11 o'clock at night, the prisoner accosted me in the street - I desired her to go about her business several times, but she followed me down Burton-street. I told her I should be under the necessity of charging the watchman with her if she did not go away; she got me to Burton-row


, and fairly rammed her hands into my small clothes, and took my watch out of my fob; I raised an alarm of Stop thief! and pursued her. A woman was taken first, but it was not her. I went into Piccadilly,and saw some watchman, to whom I told the circumstance. The prisoner had been with me about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; there were gas lamps alight. I saw her again in St. James's watch-house, on Friday, the 10th of February; I received information that she was there, from Mr. Smith - I went with him, and he asked me if I knew the woman - she came up with six or seven more; I said "Yes, that is the woman;" I still say I am sure she is the woman. I was quite sober. I have lived with Levison Gower five months; before that I lived with Major Ellison.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street. The prosecutor complained of his losing his watch, on Friday, the 4th of February; he described the woman, and I took her up on Thursday, the 10th, about half-past nine o'clock at night. I put her with four or five other women - when he came I let the prisoner come up with several others; he pointed her out directly, and said, "That is the woman."
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw him till I was at the watch-house.
ALEXANDER DAVISON re-examined. Q. Do you swear that she is the woman - she has a thick manner of speaking - a sort of half Irish accent. Can you swear to her voice at all? A. I can, my Lord. I felt her pull the watch from my fob.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 46.




               Transported for Life
            .
