





Before Mr. Recorder.
2063. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WRIGHT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of October
, 2 lbs. of tobacco, value 7s., and 1 bag, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Fish
                     



                   and 
                     
                        William 
                        Collins
                     



                  , his masters
            .
MR. QUIN conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  VANN
               



            . I am an officer. I was employed to watch the premises of Messrs. Fish and Collins, in St. John-street


. On the morning of the 22d of October I saw the prisoner come out of their shop-door, about nine o'clock - I followed him about one hundred yards, when he turned into the Gun public-house - I followed him in, and saw a man named Ryland standing up; he knew me, and said to the prisoner, "Be quiet" - the prisoner slipped into a box, and I saw Ryland give him some gin - I turned round, laid hold of Ryland, and handcuffed him - I then laid hold of the prisoner, who made some resistance - I called the landlord, who ran round, and the prisoner twisted out of my arm - I gave Ryland to the landlord, and followed the prisoner to the back door; he got out at the door - I followed him down a court, and seized him, without losing sight of him; we scuffled for some time - I brought him back to the house, and with assistance, took this tobacco from his breeches pockets, which were very large, and it was pressed down very tight indeed - I found on him 1 lb. 15 ozs. - it was not in paper; he had an apron on over his pockets - I found Ryland still in custody of the landlord - I then went to the prisoner's lodgings, in Rahere-street, Goswell-street, and found a bag, locked up in a cupboard, which had contained tobacco; there was a little tobacco dust in it; it was stained, and smelt of tobacco - I have kept the tobacco in my possession.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. How much did you find? A. 1 lb. 15 ozs. - I am certain he is the man who came out of Fish and Collins' house; no one came out with him - I tied the tobacco up in paper, and produced it at the office - it was sealed up - I now produce it; nobody would suppose, from his appearance, that he had any thing about him.
WILLIAM COLLINS. I am in partnership with Samuel Fish. We have a very extensive manufactory; the prisoner was in our service, and was employed to pack tobacco
; we make our tobacco by a particular process, and I am certain this is our manufacture; it would be in this state in the prisoner's hands; he had access to it; it is worth about 7s.
Cross-examined. Q. What work was he doing that morning? A. I do not know; he packs, and does any thing that is required of him; the tobacco is in a finished state; we give each man an ounce and a half every Saturday night - the men should be searched as they leave the premises, but it is neglected at times - I understand he was not searched that morning - I think I could swear to this tobacco wherever I saw it.
Q. Are you able to swear to your tobacco, finding it any where? A. To form a very correct opinion of it, I thinkI could swear to this tobacco, if I found it in any other place - I can form a very correct opinion of it - I can swear to this, from its appearance, flavour and smell.
Q. Has not all tobacco the same appearance, flavour and smell? A. Not all - there are many different descriptions; it is shag tobacco; there are various kinds of that - I swear to this positively; when we sell it, it goes out in paper packages; he has been eight years in my service - I did not suspect him till lately; he has not stolen any money from me - I know nothing of a 10l. note being detained. Our business is under the Excise.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
