





FIFTH DAY. MONDAY, JANUARY 19.
Middlesex Cases, First Jury, Before W. Arabin, Esq.
280. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of December
, a purse, value 1 d., and eleven sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hester
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HESTER
               



            . I am a chair-maker
. I came from Oxfordshire; I arrived at the Green Man, at Ealing


, on the 30th of December; I fell in company with the prisoner on the road; I went to bed, and next night I laid down in the stable and fell asleep, being rather in liquor. I awoke at three o'clock in the morning, and missed my purse, containing eleven sovereigns, from my right hand breeches pocket - they were safe at seven o'clock, when I laid down. I had not seen the prisoner that day, but when I awoke I went into the house, and found him there. I had not locked the stable door, but believe it was locked part of the time.


                  JAMES 
                  TOMKINS
               



            . My father keeps the Green Man, public-house. Hester came to my house on Monday, and returned on Tuesday night. I saw the prisoner in the tap-room on Tuesday evening, and next day, in consequence of what I heard, I went to the Coach and Horses, public-house, at Notting Hill, and found there, about four o'clock in the afternoon, and found three sovereigns, 45 s. and 5 d. on him. The stable had been open part of the time that the prosecutor was there, and at that time the prisoner was about the house, stating that he was distressed, and had no money, and begging for assistance - I found he had a new hat, shirt, and stockings on.
Prisoner's Defence. I found this money in the footpath, near the stable.
PROSECUTOR. It could not have fallen out of my pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
