





845. 
               BENJAMIN SOLOMON


             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24 of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Greenaway
                     




                  , from his person
            .



                  JAMES 
                  ISAACS
               



            . I am a saddler, and live on Saffron-hill. I know James Greenaway - he has met with an accident since this happened, and is in the hospital. On the 2d of March, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I saw him at the end of Cable-street, Whitechapel


; I saw the prisoner, with another boy close behind him - he was about the prisoner's age, but not so tall. I saw the prisoner put his hand into Greenaway's pocket, and draw a handkerchief out - I was close to him: I turned round, and told Vincent, the constable, who was near - he was not out of my sight; I seized him directly, and the handkerchief was found under his jacket - the other got through the mob, and escaped; I should know him again, if I saw him - it happened at the ruins of the Brunswick Theatre.
Cross-examined by MR. RYLAND. Q. What were you doing there? A. I went to see the ruins. I saw the prisoner close behind the prosecutor, and directed my attention to him - he was close to the prosecutor.
Q. How then could you see the hand in the pocket? A. I did not see it till he had the handkerchief in his hand - he took it from the pocket; he did not stoop, and could not have picked it: off the ground, for I kept my eye on him: I had seen him attempt several pockets, and had followed him for five minutes or more. The last work I had to do, was for Mr. Colyer. Greenaway swore at Lambeth-street, that his name was James.


                  THOMAS 
                  VINCENT
               



            . I am a constable. I and Isaacs went together, to see the ruins; I saw the prisoner try several pockets, and told Isaacs to keep his eye on him: he told me soon after, that he had picked a pocket - I immediately secured him, and took this handkerchief from his pocket, which Greenaway claimed.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from my aunt's, and saw this handkerchief on the ground - I took it up, and put it into my pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
