





559. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  BAXENDEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of February
, 70 lbs. weight of lead, value 11s. the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Waters
                     




                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            .
THOMAS WATERS. I occupy a cow-house, behind my house at Holloway


; I missed this lead from the roof on Sunday morning, having seen it safe the night before.


                  JAMES 
                  CULLERN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Phillips, who lives next door to Mr. Waters. On the 24th of February, at eight o'clock in the morning. I saw the prisoner in the hands of Snelling, and picked up some lead which he dropped - I gave it to the officer.


                  JOHN 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I am supervisor of the watch. I took the prisoner in charge. Cullern and Snelling gave me some lead which I applied to the roof of the cow-house - it matched exactly, and was the same kind of lead as the rest.


                  HENRY 
                  SNELLING
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Waters. About eight o'clock in the morning, I found the prisoner at the hay-stack; he looked round the corner, saw me, and ran off - I ran and caught him - he dropped a bit of lead from under his arm; I picked it up, and laid it down again, and caught him - he was a stranger; Cullum picked it up.
Prisoner's Defence. I was crossing the field; a young man in a fustian jacket dropped a piece of lead - I was picking it up, and the witness took me.
HENRY SNELLING. There was a young man near the place - he ran away; they were close together; but when they saw me, they parted and ran off - I ran and caught the prisoner who dropped the lead from under his arm.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
