





1690. 
               
                  
                     PHOEBE 
                     DUMVILLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of August
, 1 writing-desk, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ambrose 
                     Bradley
                  




               
            .


                  MARTIN 
                  SUTTON
               



            . I am in the service of 
               
                  Ambrose 
                  Bradley
               



            , a pawnbroker
, of Brick-lane, Spitalfields


. The prisoner came to the shop about half-past six o'clock, on the 10th of August - I turned my back and she went out; at ten at night she came again - she stooped down and weat out; I got on the counter and missed this writing-desk, which had been tied to another, and to some saucepans, which would have made a noise if it had not been prepared before - I went on the Tuesday, and found it had been pawned; - she had been to our shop on the Monday, but I took no notice of her.


                  THOMAS 
                  HART
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner a few doors from Mr. Bradley's - I found in her pocket a duplicate of the writing-desk.


                  JOHN 
                  BARRS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I took in this desk of the prisoner on the 10th of August - I gave her this duplicate.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went into the shop, and a person asked me it I was in a hurry - she said she had an article to sell, and offered me this desk; I gave her half a crown, and went to a pawnbroker in Whitechapel, and got it out for 5s., and on the Monday I wanted money, and took it to Mr. Cassell's - the next week I went to pawn a gown at the prosecutor's and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
