





72. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  COBSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of November
, 2 purses, value 4d., 9 sovereigns, and 15 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Nicholls
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH NICHOLLS. I am a labourer
. On the 19th of November I went to Taylor's, the Queen's Head public-house, to inquire for a person to do a job, but he was not there; I saw the prisoner there - he asked me to give him a job - I said I was going to Billingsgate, and was not sure I should buy any thing, but he might go with me; we went together; I gave him 1s. to carry a tub of herrings to Taylor's, in Holborn


: we had some beer on the road, and had another pot at Taylor's; I had 9l. 15s. in my purse, in my right hand pocket. I am certain, and think there was more; I fell asleep there, and when I awoke the people said my money was gone - I asked the prisoner about it - he said he knew nothing of it - I said, "You shall not go till an officer comes;" an officer came, and found both my purses on him, with seven sovereigns and some silver.


                  EUSEBIUS 
                  BEAL
               



            . I am a constable. I was fetched to the Queen's Head public-house - the prosecutor told me he had been robbed, and was sure the prisoner was the man - he said he had not got it, and knew nothing of it - I searched, and found these two purses, three sovereigns, and 3s. 6d., in his right-hand breeches pocket.


                  JAMES 
                  TERRY
               



            . I went with Beal to take the prisoner: he was muddy - he had been fighting a few minutes before - I felt something in his fob, and found four sovereigns there - he was not quite sober.


                  JOSEPH 
                  NICHOLLS
               



            . These two purses are mine - I cannot swear to the money, or say whether my pocket was buttoned.
Prisoner. I did not take his money from him - I picked it off the ground.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
