





658. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  SANDIFORD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, a petticoat, value 2 s.; a handkerchief, value 2 s.; a pair of stays, value 1 s.; a purse, value 1 s., and a thimble, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        Rebecca 
                        Young
                     




                  , from her person
            .
REBECCA YOUNG. I live with my parents, in Upper-court, Islington, and work at a laundry
. On the 25th of February I had been to Hounslow to see a friend, and returned by myself in a cart, which had been down to take some foot soldiers; the carman was to have put me down at Westminster, but he went down the Chelsea road, and spoke to the prisoner, and she said if I would go with her she would take care of me, as it was getting late; it was about ten o'clock - I went with her to a house in Westminster


, but I do not know the name of the street; it was a lower room in a private house; I went to bed as soon as I got there, but the prisoner staid up some time - I slept in a bed, on a bedstead, in which she and her daughter slept; there was another bed on the floor, in which a young woman slept; when we got to bed I heard the prisoner tell her daughter to get up and fasten the door - she got up, but I do not know whether she fastened the door; I got up about eight o'clock in the morning - the prisoner and her daughter were then in bed; I missed my clothes which I had pulled off the night before, and placed between two chairs when I went to bed. I asked what had become of my clothes; the prisoner said somebody must have come in and taken them; the two young women said they knew nothing about them; I went out, and brought an officer from Queen-square; I saw the stays about seven o'clock that evening.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you say you would pawn something in the morning, to satisfy me for the night's lodging? A. No, I did not - it was the carman who made it up with her.
Q. Did not I ask you to stop to breakfast? A. No, you did not - you asked me to pawn something to get breakfast, but I would not do it.


                  SARAH 
                  MELLISH
               



            . The prisoner's daughter came to my room on the 27th of February, between three and four o'clock - she asked me to put these stays by for her mother, and she would call for them in the afternoon; the officer called afterwards while I was out, and my husband gave them to him. I saw the same stays at the office afterwards.


                  NICHOLAS 
                  WORSLEY
               



            . I am a labourer. On the 26th of February, I was at the Hoop and Grapes, public-house, Westminster, about two o'clock in the afternoon. I saw the prosecutrix crying, and saying she had been robbed - I asked her how, and went with her to where the prisoner lived - I found the prisoner there and another woman in an ill state of health; the prisoner said she had not taken the things, some person must have broken in and taken them; she had fastened the door with a towel; I saw the fastening of the door, and asked her if she slept with the door so - she said she did every night - I asked her for a duplicate which the prosecutrix had lost; she produced a bag with different duplicates, but not that one; she then went to the fire, and I saw her put a duplicate into it - I took it out, and it was claimed by the prosecutrix as the one she had lost; I asked how she came to put it into the fire - she said she did not, that it must have fallen from the shelf.


                  THOMAS 
                  PACE
               



            . I am an officer of Queen's-square. I saw the prosecutrix about half-past eleven o'clock that day, came into a public-house facing the office, crying - she said she had been robbed at a house which she thought was in the Almonry; I told her to wait a bit and I would go with her, but while I went back to the office, Worsley went with her; he brought the prisoner to the office, and I took charge of her; I went by her direction to Mellish's room, and found the stays, which are here; they were claimed by the prosecutrix; on searching the prisoner I found this thimble.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I found the stays and the thimble on the ground after she was gone - she knew where the petticoat and the handkerchief were, because she sent me to pawn them in the morning; I took them to one shop and they would not take them in, they were so dirty; she then told me to keep them till Monday, and she would call and redeem them. When I met the waggoner, he said
"I have brought this young woman from the barracksat Hounslow," and wished me to give her a night's lodging - I said, I did not like to do it, but she followed us for some time, and I asked her if she had got sixpence, and I would show her where to go - she said she had no money; I took her home and put her to bed with my daughter; I asked her in the morning if she would stop and have breakfast; she would not - I then went out and pawned her things for 2 s., and put the ticket on the shelf; it fell into the fire.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Life
            .
