






1029. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BLACK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ENEAS 
                     GIFFORD
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of June
, one watch, value 10 l.; one chain, value 1 l.; one seal, value 5 s., and one key, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Hatfield
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  HATFIELD
               



            . I am a stock-broker
, and live at Weymouth-terrace, Hackney-road. On the 4th of June, a little before ten o'clock at night, I was in Hackney-road


 with my brother, walking arm in arm; I felt my gold watch go out of my fob; several persons were passing and repassing; I said,
"I have lost my watch," and called Stop thief! I ran across a court, and on returning I found somebody had been taken; a boy produced my watch.


                  JOHN 
                  HATFIELD
               



            . I was with my brother; he said his watch was gone; he went from me immediately, calling Stop thief! two person's were standing close by us at that moment; he said he had lost his watch, and I seized him; they were quite near enough to do it; and nobody else could have done it; they were on his right side; they tried to get away, and dragged me about fifty yards, struggling to get away from me. I did not observe their countenances; one got from me, I delivered the other atthe watch-house. I cannot say who he was, whether it was one of the prisoners or not.


                  ROBERT 
                  PAISSEY
               



            . I am sixteen years old; I live in Hackney-road, and am a bricklayer. On Tuesday night I was going home, and heard a call of Stop thief! I ran up to the mob, and saw a gentleman holding Black, and saw Black throw the watch down. As I picked it up, he got away from the gentleman; he struck me and shoved me down, and ran down an alley, and I after him, crying Stop thief! I never lost sight of him; I saw him secured; he picked the watch up once, and threw it down again. I picked it up the second time, and gave it to the prosecutor.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GIBBONS
               



            . I am a boot and shoe-maker, and live in Hackney road. I was coming home, and overtook the prosecutor and his brother arm in arm, I walked behind them till we came to Crabtree-row. I saw a kind of sham fight in the road, and heard the prosecutor call out
"My watch is gone, Stop thief!" I saw the prisoner's hat fall off; I was carrying some wine; I saw the prosecutor and his brother run up Crabtree-row; I gave the wine to my wife, and saw the prisoners turn up a court leading into Somerset-buildings; I went to the end of the court and heard a noise, and saw Black come out. Parker, who is not here, seized him. I saw Black throw a watch away, which went against Paissey's thigh: he picked it up. Black was immediately secured; I went to the watch-house with him; Mr. Hatfield brought in the other. Black denied throwing the watch away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORTON
               



            . I am the watch-house keeper. I found both the prisoners at the watch-house.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BLACK'S Defence. I heard a cry of Stop thief! a gentleman was running, his hat fell off - I picked it up and gave it to him; he run and seized two young men by the collar. I stood a moment, and he said they had robbed him; I walked on and saw a man with the watch between his feet - I picked it up, they seized me and knocked it out of my hand.
BLACK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
GIFFORD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
