






450. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BARNETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SAMPSON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, one watch, value 6 l.; one chain, value 1 l.; one seal, value 1 l.; one purse, value 6 d.; and 10 s., in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Henney
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HENNEY
               



            . I live in Phoenix-street, Soho. On the 10th of March, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Covent-garden


, at the election. I put my chain and seals into my fob before I went into the crowd. I had a five-shilling piece and two half crowns in my pocket, in a purse. I was standing with two boys in front of me. I saw the prisoner, Barnett, a little to my left. I think Sampson was one of the boys, but I am not certain. I missed my watch and money, but did not perceive it go. I laid hold of a boy, who was searched, but nothing found on him - he was discharged. I went to Bow-street, hearing a person was taken. My watch was produced there, and I saw Barnett among others in the room, and identified him particularly, as being near me at the time. My purse was also produced. Part of the chain was broken in my pocket.
HOLLAND JONES. I was with Henney, and saw Barnettabout a yard and a half from him, and I think Sampson also, but I am not certain. I particularly noticed Barnett, I saw him leave a person who said he suspected him, and ran after him, calling Stop thief!


                  JOHN 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am a constable. I was on duty at the corner of King-street, heard the cry of Stop him! and stopped Barnett. I found a watch in his right-hand breeches pocket. About twenty minutes after, Henney came to the office and claimed it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHARLES BROOKS
               



            . I saw Barnett running and assisted in apprehending him. I saw the watch found on him. After this Jones brought Sampson to me.
HOLLAND JONES re-examined. I found the purse in Sampson's hand.


                  JOHN 
                  HENNEY
               



            . I will not swear to the prisoner Sampson.
BARNETT'S Defence. Being out of employ, I went to the hustings to get employ to give bills about. I cast my eye on the ground and saw the watch. I cried out
"Who has lost a watch?" and not finding any owner, I put it in my pocket.
HOLLAND JONES. If the prisoner had called out I must have heard him.
BARNETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Life
            .
SAMPSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
