





Before Mr. Justice Bayley.
6. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  KELLY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Turner
                     




                  , on the 7th of November
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 5 shillings, 3 penny-pieces, and four halfpence
            , his property.
MR. LAW conducted the prosecution.
EDWARD TURNER. I was servant
 to Mr. Thornton, of Grosvenor-street


, and lived with him about seven months. On the 7th of November, between two and three o'clock, the bell rang, and on going to the door I saw the prisoner, and asked what he wanted - he said, "A little money;" I asked why he wanted money of me, and said, "Do I owe you any thing?" he said, "No - you know very well what it is for;" I said, No, I did not - he answered, "You do, you remember meeting me at Fairburn's picture shop, in the City, and you put your hand in an indecent manner on me, and promised to meet me at another time, but never came." I called him an insolent rascal, and asked how he could dare to say so, and I certainly should notgive him any money - upon this another man came up, took hold of me by the collar, and said, "D-n his eyes, that is the man; I know him - I know him;" I then became very much alarmed, and put my hand into my pocket, and gave the prisoner a shilling, and said it was all I had in my pocket; the other man then let go of my collar; another man then came up on the other side, and took hold of my waistcoat pocket, and said, "He has got more money than that," and said, "That is the man - I know him - his name is Turner." I put my hand into my pocket, and gave the prisoner 5d. - the other man called me a white-faced b-r before that. The other two men went away down the street; the prisoner remained, and said, "This won't do - I must have 5s. at least;" I told him he could not have it, for I had no more about me; he said, "I must have it, and if you don't get it I will write to your master, and expose you." I said I had no more money, but if he would call at five o'clock I would contrive to get the other 4s., he agreed to call at five o'clock, and went away - he called again about four o'clock, and I gave him the 4s.; he then said I must make it up 10s., for he had got a pair of trousers in pawn for that sum, and wanted to get them out. I asked how he could think of making such a charge, and said I certainly would not give him any more - he said he would write to my master if I did not give him the other 5s.; I said, "If you must have the other money call again to-morrow morning, at eleven o'clock, and I will contrive to get it;" he said very well, he would call at eleven o'clock, and left. My master was out at this time; but not when the three came - he was just going out then; I thought he was out, but when they went away he came down stairs with mistress - he came home about twenty minutes or a quarter of an hour to five, and within twenty minutes I informed him of what had passed. I went to Marlborough-street office about nine o'clock that evening, as I had before that to wait at dinner and tea, and go out for master. I left a message at the office. On the next morning, about ten minutes before eleven o'clock, the prisoner came - nobody had arrived from the office then. I told him to call in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; Ballard was then in the parlour. I asked the prisoner to step inside, and as soon as he got in I shut the door on him. I then held out two half-crowns,(which Ballard had marked); he took them in his hand; I asked him what the money was for which he demanded of me - he looked round in a very suspicious way, and said in an under tone, "I only want to borrow it." I asked what he meant by saying what he did when he came the day before, and had the other 5s.; he said, "Oh! never mind, there is no harm in that." I then pressed him very much to tell me what the money was for; he said, "Oh! never mind, take the 5s. back, and for God's sake let me go out;" when he found I would not take the money back he laid it on the lock of the door. Ballard then came and took him into custody. I know one Fennell; he was servant to Mr. Cartwright, who lived opposite. I had seen the prisoner in his company in David-street, when I was out on an errand. Fennell spoke to me; I had no particular acquaintance with Fennell.
Q. What induced you to part with the shilling, and the fivepence to the prisoner? A. I was very much alarmed at what they accused me of, knowing myself innocent, and three men coming up - I had no other reason for parting with it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is your master here? A. No, he went to Brighton; whether he has returned I do not know - I am not in his service now - I saw him about a fortnight ago - he knew about this trial - he has four female servants, and a young lad as groom, about sixteen years old, but no coachman. I called the prisoner an insolent rascal when he first came - I was not much alarmed just then.
Q. Why did you not instantly give an alarm, and call the servants to your assistance? A. The other man came up directly and collared me - I held the door in my hand all the time - they were not inside.
Q. Why not shut it in their faces? A. I was so much alarmed I hardly knew what I was doing - the charge frightened me - I was not so much alarmed before the second man came up as after; I was perhaps three or four minutes talking to them - it might be five - the street is pretty public - I gave no alarm - I did not tell my fellow servants of it - I told master when he came home - mistress was with him when he went out, or I should have told him then - I did not see the groom till after I had told master.
Q. Why not seize the prisoner when he was left alone with you? A. I was afraid the other two might come back; I did not wish to do any thing till I had spoken to master. I was not so much alarmed the second time - I appointed for him to come at five o'clock because I knew master would be back. I was five or six yards from the parlour door when Ballard was in the parlour - he could not see Ballard. When I met him and Fennell, the prisoner said "How do you do?" I met him two or three times afterwards.
MR. LAW. Q. On all those occasions had you any more conversation than "How do you do?" A. The first time we met the prisoner said "I think I have some knowledge of you?" I said "Very likely, but if so, you have the advantage of me." This might be six weeks before- Fennell was with him in David-street. I left Mr. Thornton by my own wish - he said if I could not pay the solicitor in this case he would, and his brother took me to the solicitor - I applied at the police-office by master's advice.
COURT. Q. Is yours a corner house? A. No, there are houses on each side. I parted with none of my money willingly - I should not have parted with it unless the second man had come up, and collared me, and saying what he did.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I am an officer, and attended at Mr. Thornton's on the 8th of November. I had not seen the prosecutor the night before myself, but I was sent there at eleven o'clock in the morning, and went - I went into the house the back way, by the mews, and was introduced to the prosecutor and Mr. Thornton; I was placed in the parlour with the door open; I heard somebody come to the door, and heard a whispering in the passage, but could not hear what was said till I heard the prosecutor say "What am I to give you money for?" I could not hear the prisoner's answer; the prosecutor then said"You have got the money; now what is it for?" the prisoner said he wanted to take out a pair of trousers whichwere in pawn; the prosecutor again said "You have got the money, and I want to know what it is for;" some answer was given which I could not hear; he put the same question again, and said "You said yesterday that I had taken indecent liberties with you, now what is it I have done;" and I heard the prisoner say "O never mind if I did," and something else, but I could not hear the whole; the prosecutor again said, "You have got the money, and I want to know what it is for;" he said, "I want to take out my trousers, and if you do not like to lend me the money take it again." There was more conversation between them, but the prisoner spoke in a half whisper, and I could not hear what he said. I went out and desired the prisoner to come into the parlour, which he did, and I asked if he knew any thing of the prosecutor - he said No- I asked if he had ever seen him before; he said Yes, about three weeks or a month before - he met him in Grosvenor-street with Fennell - David-street crosses Grosvesnor-street - I asked if he had seen him at any other time - he said he had seen him in Cheapside; that he merely saw him pass along, but did not stop to speak to him - I asked if he had seen him at any other time or place - he said not, he knew nothing further of him; I asked him who the two men were who were with him - he said he did not know who they were; I asked if he denied two men having been there with him; he said No, that he had seen the two men following him along the street but did not know who they were, nor where they lived; I took him to the office - the two half-crowns which I had previously marked, I found on the lock of the door.
Cross-examined. Q. Was the parlour door wide open? A. Yes, he could not see into the room; the prosecutor spoke loud enough but the prisoner whispared.
MR. LAW. Q. Did not Mr. Thornton communicate with you on this subject? A. Yes, he was at the office, and took a decided interest in prosecutor's behalf.


                  JAMES 
                  FENNELL
               



             (examined by MR. PHILLIPS). I once met the prosecutor when I was with the prisoner in David-street - the prosecutor asked the prisoner how he did- the prisoner said "Pretty well" - the prosecutor said"You don't look so well as when I last saw you;" the prisoner did not answer.
COURT. Q. Did the prosecutor say any thing about not knowing him? A. I understood the prosecutor that he knew him, because he told me his name was George Kelly - that was three weeks or more after we met - I had met him in Regent-street and Oxford-street about three weeks after the first time, and he asked me if I knew Kelly - I said not particularly, only by meeting him in the street: I had always understood his name to be George Reeve till the prosecutor told me it was Relly. I had met the prisoner about five minutes before we met the prosecutor in David-street. I do not know whether I or the prosecutor spoke first - I think I did; we stood talking about five minutes - the prosecutor asked how he did; I think the prisoner nodded when he first came up- they had no conversation but what I have mentioned and then we parted.
GUILTY. Aged 22.
Of 


               stealing from the person, but not with violence, or putting him in fear
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
