





1090. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HEALD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of August
, one watch, value 20 l.; one chain, value 7 l.; three seals, value 3 l., and one key, value 1 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wakeley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WAKELEY
               



            . I am a surgeon
. On the 27th of August I lived in Argyle-street


; my house was on fire, and I was crossing the street to Mrs. Baker's, a neighbour, my watch was in my fob. There was a vast crowd of persons. I was holding my head down, not wishing to see the flames. I felt a something at my side, and saw a person's hand having hold of my chain; the watch was immediately snatched from my fob - I immediately collared the person who took it. He held up his hands, but had not got it then, and said,
"I have not got it." He was taken from me by a constable before I could observe him. I do not think the prisoner is the person. Immediately as he said he had not got it a person picked it off the pavement.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Are you able to say the man you seized took your watch - A. Most posively. That man's face I thought totally different from the prisoner's, but his coat was the same. He had a brown coat and a black handkerchief.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLASSBOROUGH
               



            . I am a constable. I was at the fire; a boy ran to me, and said a man had taken a gentleman's watch. I went into the mob, and collared the prisoner, who was pointed out as the thief - some gentleman had hold of him at the time, but I do not know who, I believe it was the prosecutor. I delivered him to Bowser.
Cross-examined. Q. Mr. Wakeley appeared much alarmed - A. He did.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am labourer to Mr. Parker, of Argyle-street. I was getting the things out of Mr. Thompson's house during the fire; my master had hold of Mr. Wakeley's arm, and told me to take hold of the other, as seemed much distressed. When I came to the door Mr. Wakeley said he had lost his watch, and I picked it off the pavement. My master's door was about five or six yards from the prosecutor's. I did not see him lay hold of any one. Some person kicked my arm to prevent my picking it up.


                  ROBERT 
                  BOWSER
               



            . I am a constable. I was at the fire. Glassborough gave the prisoner to me; I took him to the watch-house. He said nothing to it.
MR. WAKELEY re-examined. Nobody but me laid hold of the man till the constable did. I did not part with him till the constable took him from me, It was between two and three o'clock in the morning.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
