





1212. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     HELPS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of August
, a watch, value 20 s.; a chain, value 6 s.; a seal. value 7 s., and a key, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Willson
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  WILLSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Willson
               



            , who lives at Mile-end


. I have known the prisoner some time, but had not seen her for six months before this, she was servant
 in the neighbourhood. On the 21st of August, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, she called, and said she would stop with me a few hours, if I had no objection - she dined with me, and said she was very ill; I offered her my bed to lay on, which she did. I said, if she was not down at four o'clock, I would call her. She came down at three, I made her tea - she drank one cup, I poured her out another, ran up stairs, and immediately missed my husband's watch from the bed-side, which was safe when she went into the room - when I camedown, she was gone - had left the street door open, and not drank her tea.


                  THOMAS 
                  DREW
               



            . I apprehended her on the 22d of August, she said she had pawned the watch in Shoreditch. I named a shop at the corner of an alley - she said she had pawned it there for 25 s., in the name of Anderson, and I found it next day in pawn, in Turnmill-street, in the name of Lawson.


                  GEORGE 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Cross, Turnmill-street. On the 21st of August, in the afternoon, the prisoner pawned the watch for 25 s.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
