





487. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  M'BRIDE
               




             was indicted for a 


               like offence
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GARDEN
               



             ROSS. I live with Mr. 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Somerville
                  




               
            , who is a grocer
, and lives in Clare-street


. On the 8th of February
, about seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to our shop and bought two ounces of tea and a pound of sugar. She gave me a 1 l. note, I suspected it to be bad, and asked her address - she gave me
"Elizabeth M'Bride, No. 6, King-street, Drury-lane," which I wrote on it - (looks at one) - this is it. I asked her where she got it? she said she had it from a gentleman that day, she did not know where. I sent for a constable and gave her in charge.


                  JOHN 
                  BRANDON
               



            . I am a constable of St. Clement's. I took the prisoner in charge. Next day I found she lived at No. 14, King-street, and not at No. 6.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am a grocer; and live in Drury-lane. On the 29th of January, in the evening, the prisoner came into the shop, and bought two ounces of tea and a pound of sugar; she tendered me a 1 l. note. I asked her where she lived? she said at No. 6, King-street, Drury-lane, and that her name was M'Bride. I suspected it was bad, and sent it out by Lee; he brought it back - I did not mark it. I then asked her who she took it of? she said of a gentleman, she did not know who. She said a woman of her description might take a note, and not know from whom. I said it was bad, and if she would leave it I would send it to the Bank on Monday, and if it was good or bad she should have it again. She said,
"Very well," and left the house. I locked the note up in my desk by itself, and on Monday sent Lee with it to the Bank - he marked it in my presence before he took it away - (looking at it) - this is it. She did not call for it.


                  GEORGE 
                  LEE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Collins. When the prisoner came to the shop Mr. Collins gave me the note; I took it to Mr. Bealby, and brought it back. I am sure she is the woman. On Monday I took it to the Bank, and found it was forged.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a linen-draper, and live in High Holborn. On Saturday night, the 5th of February, between seven and nine o'clock, the prisoner came and bought goods to the amount of 5 s. 2 d. - she tendered me a 1 l. note, I asked her where she had received it? she said she had just got it from a gentleman down Holborn. I asked her name and address, she said,
"Elizabeth M'Bride, No. 13, King-street, Drury-lane" - (looks at one) - this is it. I told her I intended to send it to the Bank on Monday, as I thought it was forged. I told her to call on Monday morning to ascertain if it was good. She did not come. I went out soon after she left.


                  GEORGE 
                  PRICE GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Brown. I saw the prisoner in the shop. Mr. Brown's account is correct. The prisoner returned in about an hour and a half after, my master was then out. She said she came to pay for the goods; she had not sufficient money, but she would pay for what was cut off, and have the note back. I told her Mr. Brown had got the note, and if she called about twelve o'clock on Monday she might know about it - she said she would, but did not. I went on Tuesday to No. 13, King-street, but could not find her there. I met her in the street, and she returned with me to No. 13. She said she was in a hurry, but would call in the evening and pay for the goods. I believe she lived at No. 13.
MR. GLOVER. The three notes are all forged in every respect, and appear to be impressed from the same plate.


                  JAMES 
                  VAUTIN
               



            . I am a signing-clerk. The signature to the notes is not my writing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
