






627. 
               
                  PHILIP 
                  NEWMAN
               




             and 
               
                  DAVID 
                  NOBLE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of February
, 2 decanter-stands, value 6s.; 1 set of castors, value 30s., and 1 picture-frame, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Sewell
               




            .


                  ROBERT 
                  DENT
               



            . I am a gardener, and live at Stamfordgrove


; Mr. Sewell is a gentleman
 living there. On the 4th of February I saw the two prisoners go into his gate, and in about ten minutes I saw them return; Newman appeared to have something under his coat - I have seen him frequently before, but do not recollect Noble. They then came down Stamford-grove - I thought all was not right, and went into Mr. Sewell's; from what I heard there I went in pursuit, and when I got within fifty or a hundred yards of them, I saw there was a person, who had just left them, at the end of Stamford-grove, and was going in another direction - I still pursued: they saw I was running, and Noble threw this bundle of wood from his hat: I then lost sight of them for about an hour.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PICKETT
               



            . I am a street-keeper. I heard the cry of Stop thief! about half-past two o'clock; I saw some women running, and I followed them - I asked them which way the thief had gone; they told me to go after one who had gone across the Bird-cage-field, which I did - I saw two men running in the field before me, and in pursuing them I saw this bundle in a blue woollen apron - I took it up, and it was this property; it laid by the side of the hedge, near where the men had run, and I think one of them was one of the prisoners.


                  RUTH 
                  SHELLEY
               



            . I am in the service of William Sewell - he lives in Stamford-grove; these articles are his property: they had been on the mantel-piece in the dining-room; I did not see them taken, but about half-past two o'clock the witness came and told us something was gone, and I missed them.


                  EMMA 
                  DENT
               



            . I am the wife of Robert Dent. I saw the prisoners go four times into Mr. Sewell's, and the fifth time I saw Noble go into the house with a bundle of wood - he came out with a large dark bundle, which he gave to the other, and they walked off; my husband went to Mr. Sewell's, and then pursued the prisoners; I never lost sight of them till they got out of the grove; and at the end of the grove I saw a third man, but I did not see him take anything from them - he took to the left hand, a roac across the Bird-cage-fields, and they took to the right.


                  ROBERT 
                  ASHBY
               



            . I am a gardener. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and followed the prisoners, who were running together; I saw another person running towards Newington, from the Bird-cage-field: the two prisoners crossed the stile, and I followed them; I caught Noble first, and then Newman. I had not seen them speak to any man.


                  HENRY 
                  BROMLEY
               



            . I found this hat, with this handkerchief and bundle of wood in it, on a wall in the Bird-cagefield.
Prisoner NOBLE. Q. How could you do that; I was running along the private-carriage road? A. I was going across, and saw it.


                  THOMAS 
                  ATKINS
               



            . I am a constable. I took the two prisoners, and produce the property.
NEWMAN'S Defence. I had not been there at all - they never saw me; I had been round Hackney with potatoes.
NOBLE'S Defence. We were going down the private-carriage road; there were other persons running across the Bird-cage-field; I dropped my hat, but there was no wood in it; I saw Mrs. Dent at her window, either washing or looking over some dirty linen.
NEWMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Confined Twelve Months
            .
NOBLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
