






658. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ATKINSON
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  MASON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of December
, 5lbs. weight of pork, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Moorman
               




            .
THOMAS MOORMAN. I keep a cheesemonger's-shop
, in Golden-lane


. On the 29th of December, about a quarter before nine o'clock in the evening, I saw three men pass my shop, turn the corner, and make a stop; I told my boy to look out, and in about three minutes the boy said, "Halloo, master - what have you got at?" a piece of pork was then gone; I saw Mason running away: the boy pursued him, and cried Stop thief! I saw two men run from the place where they had all stopped; I did not see Atkinson when Mason ran away; but I had seen them together about three minutes before, and am quite certain of their persons; neither of them were taken that night.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MOORMAN
               



            . I was at the window, and saw both the prisoners pass, in company together; in about three minutes afterwards I saw Mason take a piece of pork from the window; I gave the alarm, but they ran away - I had not seen them before, but am quite certain of their persons - I knew them again the moment they were taken up, and am quite sure of them.


                  JOHN 
                  TWEEDY
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoners on the night of the 16th of January, from the description of the prosecutor; the lad Moorman came up in a moment, and said, "These are the men that took the pork away."


                  JAMES 
                  BUCKLE
               



            . I was with Tweedy; the lad pointed out the prisoners - I had heard of the robbery on the night it happened, and the prisoners' persons were described to me, but I had to go into the country on account of the death of my father, and therefore they were not taken.
ATKINSON's Defence. The boy said he believed I was one of them, and he goes by what his father said; the Magistrate said he would have the father locked up for telling the boy what to say.
MASON's Defence. I have lived in the neighbourhood; the prosecutor knew me very well, and saw me several times after it was done.

THOMAS MOORMAN. I saw him once on the 11th of January, and went to try to take him, but he ran away.
ATKINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
MASON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
