





18. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HASTINGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of September, 1 watch, value 40s.; 2 seals; value 10s.; 1 watch-key, value 1s., and 1 watch-chain, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Rayner
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  RAYNER
               



            . I am a porter
 at the Spread Eagle, Gracechurch-street - I live in Camomile-street


. I saw my watch, seals, and chain, all safe on Saturday, the 20th of September, when I went out, and when I returned, they were gone - it was a silver watch, capped, and jewelled, made by Hamley.


                  REBECCA 
                  RAYNER
               



            . I am the wife of the prosecutor. -I had seen the prisoner once before, when he called to see a lodger of mine, named Frazer: on the 20th September, he came again and said that Frazer had sent him, and he would be much obliged to me to give him something to eat and drink, and Frazer would settle; I saw the watch safe when he came into our room, and when he was gone I missed it.


                  HENRY 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am assistant to Mr. Cameron, a pawnbroker of the Strand. On the 20th of September, the prisoner pawned a silver watch, made by Hamley, with me, and it was taken out by a clothes-dealer two days after.


                  JOHN 
                  MOSES
               



            . I bought the duplicate of the watch of the prisoner on the 22d of September; he came first, and I told him to come in half an hour - I went, saw the watch, and told the prisoner, when he came again, that 2s. was the most I would give for it - 30s. had been lent on it; I sold the watch to a dealer - I do not know who was the maker; it was silver.


                  DAVID 
                  GEORGE ALDERSON
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner on the 27th of October - I got this seal from Mr. Cole.


                  CHARLES 
                  COLE
               



            . I am a clothes-salesman. I gave this seal to the officer; the prisoner, to the best of my belief, came and bought a coat of me for 15s. - he had not money enough, and gave me 10s. and this seal; I took it and thought no more of it - the officer came and brought the prisoner, who I believe was the person, though he appeared altered.
Prisoner. Q. Had not I two or three half-crowns more in my pocket, and did not I toss with you for a pot of beer? A. No, you are wrong, you gave me four half-crowns - I did not toss at all; I believe there were some persons in the shop.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I certainly acknowledge that the crime is of a very aggravated nature, but having been out of employ four months. and having no friends, I implore your mercy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
