





1603. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  RUTT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of July
, 10 ozs. of tea, value 2s., the goods of the 
                     
United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies




                  , to whom he was servant

.
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the goods of a person unknown.
MESSRS. BOLLAND AND LAW conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PHIPPS
               



            . I am in the service of the Honourable East India Company. On the 22d of July the prisoner was also in their employ, on the second floor of the warehouse in Jewry-street, Aldgate


 - he was at work in the delivery gang; green tea was kept there - there was some black in the warehouse above; I was on the third floor; the chests there were opened for the inspection of the brokers - I was sitting in an alley at the end of the room, and saw the prisoner come in; he went to the end of the alley, and began to rake up the tea, then put his hand three or four times into the chest, and deposited the tea in the front of his person; I then went to the counting-house and informed the elder, and he was taken into custody.



                  JOSEPH 
                  HINDS
               



            , I am an assistant elder. I received information from Phipps, and took the prisoner into the counting-house; I said if he had anything he had better acknowledge it - he said he had tea about him, and began taking it out of his left-hand pocket - he took out about 10 1/2 ozs; it was in a breeches pocket, about eighteen inches long - we took him to the Compter, and he cut the pocket off while he was there; I have no doubt of the tea being the same as that in the chest - there was a small quantity of green first, and then black; a chest of green on the floor he worked, on seemed as if a hand had been dipped into it - he has been fourteen months in the service, and had 21s. 6d. a week, working from seven till three o'clock.


                  DAVID 
                  ATKINSON
               



            . I am an Excise-officer. I was fetched, and saw Hinds taking the tea from the prisoner - it was in a bag attached to his trousers, not the pocket itself.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
