






415. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     STONE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of January
, forty yards of linen, value 50 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Stratton
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Strafton
               



            . linendraper
, Coventry-street, St. James's


. On the 30th of January, I found the prisoners in custody, with this linen, which was stolen from behind our counter. I do not know when I had seen it last; it must have been taken at shutting-up time, when only one person is in care of the shop.


                  HENRY 
                  GATES
               



            . I belong to the Thames Police. On the 28th of January, about six o'clock in the evening, I saw Stone going down from the County Fire Office into Piccadilly; he called a coach off the stand, and followed it down to the corner of Queen-street; he there opened the door and jumped in, and I saw Davis throw a bundle out of his arms into the coach - he then got in. I called Bidgood to assist me. I got in, took the bundle and them - it was linen. I asked them where they got it, they said, they picked it up at a gentleman's door in Marylebone-street.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
STONE'S Defence. This boy asked me to call a coach for him, and as soon as the coach stopped, he threw the bundle in, and the officer collared me.
DAVIS'S Defence. I saw it against a door in Marylebone-street, and picked it up. I asked this person to get a coach.
STONE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
