






525. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PIZZEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BRYANT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of March
, 60 lbs. of lead, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Pizzey
                        



                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to belong to 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Amer
                  



               
            , and fixed to dwelling-house of his.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITE
               



            . I work for Mr. Porter. On the 22d of March, between eight and nine o'clock, I saw Bryant leaning over the stile of 
               
                  John 
                  Harris
               



            's door, at Branstone-green


; Pizzey was in Harris's house talking to Bryant. He got out of the window, with a bundle in his arms, accompanied by a man named Wicks - they took a sack from Harris's door; Wicks took the sack up, and carried it. - Pizzey took the bundle, and Bryant walked by his side. I watched them all three together into the fields, almost a quarter of a mile off. I saw them hide it in a hedge in the fields, and then all three went away - I went, and told Mr. Lancaster, my master, and we both went about an hour and a half after I told him. He told me to watch to see if they returned, which I did for an hour, but nobody came. I went into another field, from which I could see if they came. I saw the men after they were taken into custody by Lancaster - the sack laid in the same place. A person, named Westman, carried it away - I knew Pizzey before; I was a schoolfellow of his. I am certain Bryant is the man who accompanied them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LANCASTER
               



            . I am a farmer's man. I went with Mr. Amer, the prosecutor, in consequence of the boy's information, and took Bryant and Pizzey into custody - the boy told me the way, and I followed about a mile and three-quarters before I took them. When the boy told us it was about half-past eight o'clock - it was about ten minutes before I saw them; they were separating, Wicks went one way, and they another. I found the sack when I got up to them, which contained lead - they resisted. I told them I stopped them for taking a sack and bundle away from Harris's house. They said they had taken nothing.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PORTER
               



            . I am a bricklayer, and live at Harrow on the Hill. I assisted the last witness in taking the prisoners into custody. I fitted the lead to Mr. Amer's house, over the door, and it tallied with the shape of the roof - it was ripped off. It weighed about 60 lbs. The sack belongs to Burrows.


                  JOHN 
                  AMER
               



            . I am a farmer
, and live at Ossandon-hill; the house belongs to me - Pizzey's father lives in it. I am positive that the lead produced is that which was fastened to the brickwork of the house - my house is called Peddyson's Hall; that house is fifty yards from my residence. The bundle has not been found - I know both the prisoner's.
BRYANT'S Defence. I was seeking for work, and know nothing of the lead. I did not know Pizzey was in the house. I merely looked into the house by accident.
PIZZEY'S Defence. I know nothing of the lead.
PIZZEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
BRYANT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
