





1745. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     JACOBS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, 20 sovereigns, and eight 5l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Thompson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a seaman
. On the 25th of August I saw the prisoner, about six o'clock in the afternoon, in a public-house in Ratcliff-highway


 - I sat with her an hour or more, and drank with her; there was a bit of a wrangle, and I went out - she then took hold of my arm, took me along, put her hand into my bosom, and took my money out - there was 40l. in notes, and a parcel of gold; she snatched the purse out of my bosom, and gave me a shove: a man came up, and seized me right across the breast, and asked me what was the matter - I said I had been robbed; he gave a drive, and ran away after the woman in the crowd. I am quite sure she is the girl, but the man escaped - I went after her, but could not see her again, till, I think, two nights afterwards.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Had you ever seen her before? A. Yes, I had seen her some years back, but never had any acquaintance with her. I received the money the day before, at Somerset-house. I had passed Friday night at home at my lodgings - I had had a drop, but I knew what I was about - I turned out on Saturday morning about seven o'clock. I went into another public-house, but did not go to sleep - I went home to go to sleep- I first saw her about six o'clock in the evening, at the Ship and Shears public-house. I had been home to lie down, and went out in the afternoon to buy some things, and kept myself sober - the prisoner and several others came in - I was in that house from six till near nine o'clock- I believe I drank with all the women; about a quarter of an hour before I went into the street, I had overhauled my money, and put the heaviest part of it in my bosom - the other change I put into my jacket; when the man came up to me he collared me, and asked what was the matter - I said I had been robbed, and he gave me a drive, which staggered me across the street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLEMAN
               



            . I am a seafaring man. I was coming along Ratcliffe-highway one Saturday night, about four weeks ago. I saw the prisoner, who had hold of the prosecutor's right arm; another woman was with her; the prisoner said, "I will take you home;" and he said, "So do;" there was one 
               
                  Will 
                  Bucks
               



             there, whom I know very well, and some other persons - they tried to pull up his Guernsey frock; the prisoner then pulled something out of his bosom, I do not know what; and ran away in the crowd - one of the men caught him by the collar, and asked what was the matter - he said he had been robbed, but did not say how he had lost his money. I did not see that he fell down.
Cross examined. Q. He was a little groggy, I suppose? A. He had been drinking, but not much. It was one of the men who took hold of him - I do not know who - I did not see any of them strike him; the prisoner had a light gown, and I think a straw bonnet; she had a light shawl, with spots on it, which appeared to me in the dark to be black spots.


                  CHARLES 
                  LEBBY
               



            . I am a sailor, and was in Ratcliff-highway, on the evening in question; a man came to me and said, "This man will be robbed pretty soon;" there were four young men behind the prosecutor, who tried to get his frock up; the prisoner then put her hand into the frock, and took out something which looked like a pouch, and put it into her bosom; she then went into the crowd, and a young fellow came up, and took hold of the prosecutor by the collar - I heard him say, "I am robbed! I am robbed!" - I did not see him on the ground.
Cross-examined. Q. Could he have been knocked down without your seeing it? A. No - I knew the prisoner before by sight, but never knew her name; she had a straw bonnet on, and a dark gown, and a shawl, but I did not notice that.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEEDHAM
               



            . I am the landlord of the Ship and Shears public-house; the prosecutor came into my house about the middle of the day, and left it about six o'clock, when we were lighting the gas. The prisoner and another came in - I asked where they were going; the prisoner made me some reply, but I told her to go along about her business, as she was one I never liked to see; she then went away, and the prosecutor immediately afterwards; he was not in company with her at all in my house; he had a sort of brown purse in his hand, and some one wanted him to leave it with me; and for me to give him a receipt for it; but he said, "I have worked for it, and I can take care of it;" he went out with the purse in his hand - I saw it had notes in it.
Cross-examined. Q. This you say was six o'clock in the evening; now, if he swore that he stayed till nine o'clock, he would swear that that was not true? A. Consequently he would; if he said he put the purse in his bosom, and if he said he stopped two or three hours, it would be untrue; it is all false; there were plenty of people saw him.


                  CATHERINE 
                  WHITE
               



            . On this Saturday, the prosecutor, who lodged with my father and mother, asked me to go with him to buy some shirts; we went out about half-past two o'clock; he went into a cook-shop, and asked me to have something to eat, which I would not; we went on, bought the things, and then went to Mr. Needham's: we got there about five o'clock; we had two or three pots of beer. I sat and drank with him about two hours or more - I gave the bundle we had been buying, to Mr. Needham's daughter, to take care of: a man then came in, and there was a bit of a wrangle; the prosecutor pulled off his jacket to fight, and he had his money in his hand - I said,"He will be robbed," and I wanted him to leave it there; he then went out of the house, I think between eight and nine o'clock: when he came to the door, there was a little woman there, but I cannot say who it was; he had paid some sovereigns for his goods, and there were some notes in the purse, but I do not know how many - I saw him go out of the house with the money in his hand - I went back and asked for the bundle at the bar; as he went out the little woman tapped him on the shoulder.
Cross-examined. Q. Then that little woman who tapped him on the shoulder had not been in the house? A. No, she had not, but kept looking in, while he was showing his money; he said he was a British seamen, and pulled out his money in his hand; as soon as he cameout of the house, he mixed with the crowd of persons who were passing, and I suppose he had the money in his hands; he was quite tipsy.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JUDGE
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner up in company with Coleman, on suspicion of this robbery - Thompson was with me at the time; she said,"I know nothing at all about it" - I said "What made you run up Cannon-street so?" she said "I did not run, that I know of" - I was then going to take her to her lodging in Bluegate-fields, but she was going past, and said, she did not lodge there then - I said, "I know where you lodge," and took her to her room; I asked the landlady, if that was her room; she said it was - I then asked her what money she had got; she said all the money she had was one farthing, which was on the mantel-piece, and which I found - I then searched, and in a box under the bed I found this purse, and six sovereigns in it, which she said a seaman had left with her, when he went to sea.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not she know you were an officer? A. Yes, she did; she did not tell me where she lived, but was going past the place.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . This is not my purse. I know nothing of it.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent. A young man left me 4l. when he went to sea, and has sent me 2l. since.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
