






658. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     CONNOR
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MAURICE 
                     HERRING
                  




               
             were indicted 


               for stealing, on the 2d of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of a certain man whose name is unknown, from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  DURANT
               



            . I am a mariner. On the 2d of February, I was in Holborn


 about a quarter-past four o'clock; I saw Connor first, and in about a minute I saw Herring close by him: Connor walked after a gentleman, and took a handkerchief from his pocket - Herring was close behind him; Connor put the handkerchief into his pocket - I collared him, and charged him with stealing it; I called the gentleman, but could not make him hear; Connor struggled to get away - Herring came up, and tried to pull me away; Connor said to him "Knock him down;" and used very bad language - I struggled with him for eight or ten minutes; Connor struck me, but the officer came, and took charge of him: Herring walked across the road, and went away, but I gave a description of him; the officer and a gentleman went and took him; he was brought before Mr. Halls, and I knew he was the man.
Prisoner CONNOR. Q. Where did I have the handkerchief? A. You took it out of the gentleman's pocket, and put it into your own.


                  ROBERT 
                  CRAIG
               



            . I am an officer. I was passing about four o'clock, and saw Durant struggling with Connor- his hand was behind him, and this handkerchief in it; Herring had got away, but Durant described him; I knew him, and took him the same evening; this is the handkerchief.
CONNOR's Defence. I had a bad hand, and my handkerchief was wrapped round it; I did not try to get away - I knew my innocence; on going to Bow-street, I took my hand out of the handcuff, and said "I am innocent;" Herring was not with me - he was merely passing by as a stranger.
HERRING's Defence. I am quite innocent.
CONNOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
HERRING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
