






1594. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  GRAHAM
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SCOWN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of August
, 1 coat, value 2l., and 1 waistcoat, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Richards
                     



                  , and 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 pair of breeches, value 1l., and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Percy
               



            .


                  ANN 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . I am the wife of George Richards - he lives at Chiswick


. Scown was our apprentice
; I left home on the 24th of August, leaving him at home with my child; I desired him to look after the house; I returned about half-past eight o'clock; I found the house all safe; I went up stairs, and found an earthen plate on the bed- four boxes had been broken open, and a coat and waistcoat missing from them, which were the property of my husband, and from the box of John Percy, a lodger, a pair of small clothes, a silk handkerchief, and a waistcoat were taken; Graham had worked on the premises before, but he had nothing to do there then.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Did not Scown work for a bricklayer? A. Yes; he did at first - my husband was in distress; Scown did not wish to go home; I kept him with some money I received, which my husband had worked for; my husband is now in Whitecross-street- Scown might have had work if he would.(Property produced and sworn to).
JOHN PERCY. I lodge at Mr. Richards'. I had my property safe in my box at nine o'clock in the morning, and when I came back at night I heard it was gone.
Cross-examined. Q. Had Scown the means of support? A. He always had plenty while I was there - he has asgood clothes at home as you have - these articles are mine.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY HALLETT
               



            . I am a constable, of Hammersmith. Percy came to me, and I went and apprehended Scown - I told him it was for some clothes - he denied it; I took him before the Justice the following day, and he said Graham had done it; I took Graham on the evening of the 25th, and on the 27th Graham said he had pawned them; I asked where the duplicates were - he said under a tree in Lord Holland's park, at Kensington.


                  EDWARD 
                  EDGSON
               



            . I apprehended Graham on the 25th- when he got to the cage the officer asked him if the articles were pawned or not; he said they were in pawn, and the duplicates were at Kensington; he did not make him any promise in my hearing.


                  GEORGE 
                  KING
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. These articles were pawned with me by Graham; I am quite certain of his person.


                  ROBERT 
                  SEWERS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. Graham pawned this waistcoat and pair of breeches with me.
GRAHAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
SCOWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
