





846. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of May
, four half crowns
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ELIZA SMITH
               



            . My husband 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Smith
               



            , keeps the Queen's Head, public-house, St. John's-lane, Smithfield




. On the 12th of May, between four and six o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came in and had a glass of beer in the lobby, drank a little, then put it down, and asked me to change an old shilling for a new one, as he wanted to make a present of it. I drew my till out, found I had none, shut it, and took a bag out of my desk, in which there was six half crowns and some odd silver. I turned the silver out on the counter, and as I was sweeping it back into the bag, I missed four half crowns - it was not out of the bag a minute; nobody but him was near enough to take it; a man came in and stood behind him, but could not reach it. I was pushing the money about, and he pushed it about too, to look for a new shilling, and I suppose slipped them up his arm; if they had dropped I must have heard it. I charged him with taking them, and heard them fall from his right arm into his right-hand coat pocket. I lifted up the hatch, and laid hold of him and the other man, and called for assistance - the other man pushed me on one side and ran out. I held the prisoner fast, and took the four half crowns out of his pocket. He was taken into custody, and said,
"D - n the woman, what does she want more, she has got her half crowns" - he produced no shilling to me.


                  CHARLES 
                  BYCROFT
               



            . I am a porter. I was in the taproom - I lodge there. Mrs. Smith called me; I saw the prisoner and her struggling together; she said, he had taken her money. I collared him, and saw her put her hand in his right-hand coat pocket, and bring out some half crowns; he said,
"She had got her money again, and what more did she want." The constable came in.


                  JAMES 
                  METCALF
               



            . I am a constable. I took charge of the prisoner in the house, for stealing four half crowns. I searched him at the watch-house, and found one half crown in his left-hand coat pocket, and 6 d. in his waistcoat. I found no money in his right-hand coat pocket, nor any shilling. He said,
"The woman has got her half crowns back, and what more does she want," and that he was a fighting man, and if I did not mind, he would knock me down, and offered me a bottle of gin to settle it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I am a patrol. I heard Mrs. Smith call out, and ran to her assistance. I found her and the prisoner struggling together, and saw her take some money out of his right-hand coat pocket - I ran for an officer.
Prisoner's Defence. I sold a cow and calf to a gentleman, named 
               
                  John 
                  Cordel
               



             of Southall; we went into the Blue-coat Boy, public-house; he paid me 17 l. 10 s. for them, he gave me two 10 l. notes; I gave him three 1 l. notes, and he gave four half crowns, and put his name and address on them. I had a 5 l. note of my own, I put his notes in with it, in my memorandum book. I then had 25 l. I parted with him, came down St. John-street, and met a man whom I knew - we went into this house; I had two half crowns before, which made six. I had a glass of gin with a master milkman, and gave the lady a half crown to change - she gave me 2 s., one was very black, I asked her to change it; she pulled out thirty-five or forty shillings - I said, I wanted a newer one; she ran her hand into my pocket, and took four half crowns out, and left one in. When the officer was fetched, he took my pocket-book, and would not open it before a respectable person, but I declare there was 25 l. in it, and when he returned it to me at the watch-house, it was empty. I said,
"Where is my money?" he said, there was none in it. I said,
"You are a pretty fellow to rob me so;" he brought up some shabby fellow, who said he had not opened it. He has robbed me of 25 l., and the man who paid it me, is here to prove it. The master milkman is Smith of Compton-street, Goswell-street.


                  JAMES 
                  METCALF
               



             re-examined. I never saw a pocketbook; he had a memorandum book which he threw on the table himself, and took it up himself - I saw no note in it.
WM. MORGAN. I was at the watch-house. He pulled the memorandum book out himself, and threw it on the table. I saw no note whatever; he took it out himself. If an notes had dropped, I must have seen them.



                  MARY 
                  ELIZA SMITH
               



            . The man who came, had a glass of gin - neither gin or beer were paid for.



               GUILTY
            , Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
