





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
1167. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HODGES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th July
, three yards kerseymere, value 30 s.; three yards of Holland, value 2 s.; and three yards woollen cloth, value 3 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Cartwright
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Cartwright
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Cartwright
                     



.


                  THOMAS 
                  BAGUELEY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Dobree, pawnbroker, Oxford-street. On the 7th July the prisoner came to our shop and offered to pawn 3 yards 1-8th of superfine green cloth for 10 s.; I thought that it cost about a guinea a yard, and asked his name; he said 
               
                  William 
                  Dukes
               



            ; that he had bought it for 16 s. a yard of a man in St. James's-street; I took him into the parlour, and said I would inquire if he had bought it at any house in St. James's-street; he then said he had bought it of a man in the street; I fetched an officer and gave him in charge.


                  JOHN 
                  WALES
               



            . I am an officer; I was fetched to Mr. Dobrees, and took the prisoner and cloth; he said he bought it of a man in the street for 16 s. a yard; I made inquiry, and in the course of the day, and saw Mr. Cartwright, jun. and went with him to the office; as soon as the prisoner saw him, he said the cloth was given to him by Richard, Mr. Cartwright's servant; I fetched Richard to the office, and spoke to the prisoner about some other property; he voluntarily directed me to a shop on the righthand side of Kensington, and said there was some blue cloth pawned there for 16 s., and that he had pawned some more at Mr. Rochford's, in Jermyn-street, but had taken it out again and sold it; and that he had also taken some brown Holland to make him some aprons; and that some kerseymere had been sold at a shop in Marylebone-lane; I went to all these places and found his statement correct; he said the property was all given to him by Richard; he had given him the money; he persisted in this account to Richard's face, and before the Magistrate; Richard denied it all; he said all he had for his trouble was the brown Holland.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. He persisted in this story from beginning to end - A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  S. TURNER
               



            . - I am warehouseman to Thomas and 
               
                  Francis 
                  Cartwright
               



            , tailors, Lower Grosvenor-street; the prisoner had lived with them, and left about five months ago. Wales brought this cloth to me; I know it to be theirs; I have ascertained that there is that quantity deficient; it is worth about 3 l.
Cross-examined. Q. Can you say it had not been sold - A. We do not sell cloth, but only make it up; I have no mark on it. Richard lived in the house at the time it was missed, and has since been discharged. The warehouse is never locked; any person in the house could get there. The cloth was bought since the prisoner left.
COURT. 
               Q. 
            Has the prisoner been in the habit of coming to your house since he left - A. Richard allowed him to sleep with him unknown to master; I have seen him there repeatedly since he left; he told me himself that he had been sleeping in the house - I objected to it, knowing Mr. Cartwright would not like it.
ROBERT PIKE. I am servant to Mr. Rochford, a pawnbroker. On the 5th of July some brown Holland was pawned for 2 s., and I believe by the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Wells, pawnbroker, Kensington. On the 28th of June some kerseymere was pawned for 15 s.; I believe the prisoner to be the person.


                  RICHARD 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I was in the prosecutor's service. I did not give the prisoner any of the property.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you left your place - A. Since the 9th of July: I was dismissed. I have not asked for a character, wishing to clear this up first; I shall ask master for a character if the prisoner is convicted or not. Master never said he should be angry if any one slept with me. I did not know that he was dishonest. I live in Paradise-street, Finsbury. I could not engage myself in a place till this business was settled, being bound over to attend here. I was in custody, in the watch-house one night, and part of a day.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the habit of sleeping with him till he gave me this cloth, some to pawn, and some to sell - I gave him the money.
RICHARD YOUNG. I never had a farthing from him.
GUILTY. Aged 26.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
