





412. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MORPHEW
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of January
, 1,200 pairs of scissars, value 150l., and 1,200 pen-knives, value 150l., the goods of 
                     
                        John James 
                        Thornhill
                     




                   and others, in a ship in the port of London
            .
THREE OTHER COUNTS stating them to belong to other persons.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DEALTRY JACKSON
               



            . I am clerk in the house of Job Matthew Raikes and others, of London-wall, general merchants - they deal with Mr. Thornhill, a cutler of Bond-street - an order was sent to him for some cutlery to be shipped to Manilla, on board the brig Hedley. Captain Crockly, then lying in the West India Docks.


                  WALTER 
                  THORNHILL
               



            . I am in the employ of my father, John James Thornhill. I recollect this order being given and executed - there were a hundred dozen of pen-knives, and a hundred dozen of scissors - they were packed in cases, one case was marked M. 93. - they were delivered at Messrs. Freeman and Pontee's, in Pall-mall; I went with them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I am in the employ of Freeman and Pontee, of Pall-mall; when I came home I saw six cases at their house - I was not there when they came - one of them was marked M. 93.; they were put into a cart on the 2d of January, and taken to the West India Export Dock, to be shipped - I went with them - they were delivered to No. 1. shed; Thomas Shanks gave me the receipt for them.


                  EDWARD 
                  POWTALL
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Freeman and Pontee - I saw the cases put into the cart.


                  THOMAS 
                  SHANKS
               



            . I am wharfinger of the West India Docks. I received the case marked M. 93, with four others, on the 2d of January; I shipped them on the 7th, on board the brig Hedley, lying off No. 1. shed, in the Export Dock - I delivered it to Haddon, the mate of the vessel - it had not been opened then.


                  JOHN 
                  HADDON
               



            . I am mate of the Hedley. I received the packages, one was marked M. 93, and was in a perfectly sound state; I entered it in the usual way, and put it into the aft-hold on the 7th of January; the prisoner was the steward of the vessel, and had access to the hold where this package was - no other packages were put into that hold after these; on Saturday the 28th of January, Mr. Thornhill and Mr. Jackson came on board the vessel, and in consequence of what they said, I looked for the package, and it was gone.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Had any other person access to that place? A. I do not know.


                  JOHN 
                  ROEBUCK
               



            . I am an officer of the Thames Police. On the 21st of January I stopped the prisoner coming out of the gate of the West India Export Dock, about twelve o'clock at noon - I searched him, and found in his hat three paper parcels, which altogether contained twelve dozen pair of scissors, and five dozen pen-knives - I asked where he came from - he said he was steward of the Hedley, and he had brought these things from there; I asked whose they were, and he said his own, and they were the remains of a venture he had taken out on a fromer voyage in another vessel - the property was taken before the Magistrate, but no person appearing to claim it, it was returned to him - I asked where he bought the articles - he said of a person in the neighbourhood of Smithfield, about eleven months ago; I went on board the Hedley on the 28th of January, and asked the mate if he knew the steward had those things when he left the ship - he said he did not; I then asked if there was any cargo of this description on board - he said he did not believe there was; I apprehended the prisoner while on board, and asked what he had done with the property which I had stopped him with before - he said he had sold them to a jew, in Mileend-road, for 12l.; he then took me to his lodgings and I searched his box, and found thirty sovereigns, and six half-sovereigns, which he said was what the property had been sold for; I found some cotton prints and other articles, but nothing relative to this charge - and on the 1st of February I found this piece of tin by the side of the ship Hedley.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEMS
               



            . I live at No. 30, High-street, Whitechapel - I am a cutler. The prisoner brought some articles to our house on Friday, the 22d of January - he asked if I wanted to buy any scissors - I asked where he got them - he said they were the remains of a venture he had taken out to the Brazils; that he had sold the table-knives and pen-knives, but the scissors were too good for the market - I said they had not the appearance of having been to the Brazils, and asked where he bought them; he said in the vicinity of Smithfield; I found they were scissors of a superior quality, and asked what he gave for them - he said 14s. a dozen, but could not tell the man's name, or in what part of Smithfield he bought them; he said he bought them all at a price; I saw there was at least 10s. a dozen difference in them - the average value was, I think, 25s. a dozen; I kept him in conversation till I opened the whole of the papers, and then I found one dozen which had the name of Gibbs on them: I asked if he bought this dozen with the rest; he said, Yes; I asked him his name, he said, "Harris, 39, High-street, Poplar;" I then said, "I shall have nothing to do with the twenty-two dozen of scissors, but I shall detain this dozen, as I know the person whose name is on them, and I have no>doubt they are stolen;" he said, "Surely I am not to lose the dozen of scissors." I said, "Certainly not - if you call on me to-morrow evening, if I find you have told me a true story, you shall have them again, or I will purchase them." I then communicated with Mr. Thornhill, who is the successor of Mr. Gibbs, and he went on board the ship the next day.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you kept them ever since? A. Yes; I have shown them to Mr. Thornhill, but they were not out of my sight; I have kept them locked in my own desk.


                  GEORGE 
                  MORLEY
               



            . I am a general salesman, and live at No. 95, High-street, Whitechapel. The prisoner came to my shop on the 24th of January, and brought twenty-one dozen pen-knives, which he said he wanted to change away; I asked how he got them - he said he had taken them out to the West Indies eleven months ago - that his name was John Morphew, and he lived at No. 9, Samuel-street, Limehouse-fields; I do not pretend to understand the value of them, but I bought them of him for six sovereigns, a fowling piece, and a pistol; I afterwards found they were of more value, and advertised them in the Times newspaper, to find the owner of them.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you deliver them to the officer? A. I saw them given to the officer at the house of a friend of mine, a cutler - they had not been in my possession all the time; I did not count them to see that they correspouded.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live in whitechapel-road. The prisoner came to my house on Wednesday, the 25th of January, and left three paper parcels with my daughter - I was not at home - he came again at eight o'clock in the evening, and I saw him - the parcels contained pen and pocket-knives - in the evening he brought some more pen-knives, and some scissors - and said he had that cutlery to dispose of; he had taken it to the Brazils and the West Indies, and could not dispose of it - that he disposed of some ivory handled-knives, and some sailor's knives, but could not dispose of these; I asked where he bought them, and he said in a street leading to Smithfield - he asked 8l. for them - I offered him 7l.; he packed them up in his handkerchief, and said he would try further; he went out, then returned, and said I should have them for 7l. 10s. - for which I bought them; I saw Mr. Morley's advertisement on the Wednesday - and Mr. Jewis advised me to go to No. 39. High-street, to see if the prisoner lived there - I found it was a house nearly fallen down - but I found a person named Cripps, whom the prisoner said he lived with, but she said she knew nothing of him - she knew a person named Harris, which was the name the prisoner gave, but he died at sea. I gave the property to the officer.


                  MARY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               



            , a turner - we lives at No. 1, Osborn-place, Brick-lane. The prisoner came to our house, I think, on the 24th of January he brought a bag full of what he called cutlery - he said he had been to a shop in Smithfield, and given 31l. for them - he sat down, and separated the property that evening - it was pen-knives and scissors; he put them into different parcels, in the same papers as he brought them in - and took some of them away every evening till the following Friday, when the officer came, and took the remaider in the bag.


                  JOHN 
                  OVERTON
               



            . I am the officer. I received some parcels containing, I believe, knives and scissors, from Mr. Smith and Mr. Morley; the Magistrate ordered me to leave them at the office, and I did not see them opened.


                  JAMES 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a police officer. I produce a bag containing twenty-seven packages of cutlery, which I received from Overton - and a handkerchief containing seven packages.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BLABY
               



            . I went to the house of Mr. Smith, who delivered me this parcel, which I have had in my possession ever since - the numbers are on almost all the packages.


                  THOMAS 
                  SYMONDS CROCKLEY
               



            . 
               
                  William 
                  Hedley
               



             and 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Williamson
               



             were owners of the ship Hedley, and the property on board was theirs.


                  WALTER 
                  THORNHILL
               



            . I know the dozen scissors to be part of those which I put in the package; I knew them by the kind of scissor - we had not a dozen of this pattern, and put in two others to make up; I know all these parcels, and this No. 28, I can identify in particular.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
