





130. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  MEAD
               




             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 3d of November
, at Chelsea


, 60 lbs. of lead, value 4 s., belonging to our Lord the King, and fixed to a certain building, feloniously did rip, cut, and break, with intent to steal
            .
2D COUNT, stating it to belong to the 
               Commissioners of the Royal Hospital for soldiers, at Chelsea


            , and fixed to a building of theirs.
MR. MEREWETHER conducted the prosecution.


                  MICHAEL 
                  GRIMLEY
               



            . I am employed at Chelsea Hospital as a bricklayer. On the 2d of November, about half past three o'clock, I went upon the powder magazine - there was some powder there at the time. I found two pieces of flashing - one was pulled up, and a part of it fastened to the wall by wall hooks. I took a part of it, which laid along the roof, away, and put the other down - at seven o'clock next morning, I again found the lead disturbed in two separate places, one on the hip - it was not broken, but lifted up from its hold, and turned up about three inches, not ripped - it had been laid down on the hip, and pressed down on the tiling. I did not perceive that it had been injured or torn. I did not take so much notice of it - it was disturbed from the place where it had been before - it was indented to the shape of the tiles, and over it another piece, which was let into the wall. On the 2d, I had found the piece of the flashing ripped from the wall.


                  PATRICK 
                  FLAHERTY
               



            . I know the Powder Magazine; there is powder generally there. On the 3d of November I was acting as watchman - between twelve and one o'clock I saw the prisoner on the top of the magazine, ripping the lead; it was quite moonlight - I took a stone and threw it at him - he then laid down on the roof; I got onthe wall, and secured him. I called out loudly, and the men answered me.


                  CHARLES 
                  MIELL
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was under the magazine wall, on the outside, and heard the watchman call for assistance; I went round, and saw the prisoner in his custody, and found two knives upon him - I then went on the building, and missed a piece of lead, and found another on the hip, lifted up. I saw marks of some person having climbed on the outside of the wall, to get to the top of the magazine; the lead which went into the wall had been removed from the building; a part was lifted up, and a number of bricks had fallen. One of the knives appeared to be covered with lead, as if it had been used in cutting it.


                  MARK 
                  KELLY
               



            . I am porter at the Royal Hospital. The prisoner was brought to me on this night, by the patrol. The whole of the square is within my charge, and is locked up every night. I examined the magazine, and found a great part of the lead ripped from the top of the magazine wall: it lies on the slates - it cannot be nailed: it is fastened by mortar, and soldered down. It was entirely ripped up from the mortar and solder, and weighed about 60 lbs. It was about ten feet by eighteen.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to the Cobourg Theatre, and when I got home I was too late, and could not get in. I got upon the railings to go to sleep on the top of the building - when I saw the watchman, and he called me; I came down immediately, and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
