






866. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NEWMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     COLE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of February
, 1 box, value 6s.; 6 spoons, value 20s.; 3 rings, value 15s.; 2 brooches. value 20s.; 2 pairs of ear-rings, value 4d.; 1 shell, value 3d.; 1 buckle, value 4d., and 2 bands, value 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Chasey
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  CHASEY
               



            . I am single
. On the 26th of February, I left a box, containing this property, in a hackney coach, which took me to No. 4, Montague-place


; I did not miss it till the evening following - these are the articles; Newman was the end, and Cole was the coachman.


                  MARTHA 
                  WIMPSEY
               



            . On the 26th of February Chasey left my lodgings in Little Coram-street. in a coach which Cole drove - Newman was the cad
, but I did not see him on the box; I saw the box which contained these spoons, rings, brooches, and other things.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you see these things put into the coach? A. Yes, by Newman; Cole assisted him in bringing down one heavy box, that was all I saw Cole do; the box containing these articles was a small one of six or seven inches square.


                  GEORGE 
                  COST
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. Early on the morning of the 2d of March, I went to the Lamb public-house, in Lamb's Conduit-street - I inquired for the cad -I saw Newman. and took him into custody; I had taken Cole the same morning; I got this reticule from 
               
                  Mary 
                  Wells
               



            , who said that Newman gave it her - and these other articles I got from a Mrs. Taylor, who said Newman gave them to her for the children to play with; I got these spoons, two rings, and the brooch from Bolt.
Prisoner NEWMAN. The witness and the prosecutrix came to me, and asked if I knew where the box was; I said No; and they said, so help their god, if I would tell them where it was, they would forgive me. Witness. There was a notice stuck up, that if any person would bring these things they should be forgiven; but Newman denied all knowledge of it; he was described as a person with a red waistcoat and a drab coat; Cole bears a good character, and said he should have given up the things had it not been for Newman.


                  JOHN 
                  BOLT
               



            . I am a hackney-coachman
. On the last Saturday night in February Cole left a small parcel with me, and asked me to take care of it - there were some silver spoons and other things; I cannot swear that these are the spoons - I did not look at the marks.
Cross-examined. Q. Have not hackney-coachmen four days to leave at the office any thing they find? A. Yes, four clear days - that is what I have been given to understand; I have deposited things there myself.
NEWMAN's Defence. The lady came to me about seven o'clock, and asked the man, who stood first, to be at Little Coram-street at seven; I went, and told Cole to go; he said, "I will," and I said I would go and put the luggage in - there was a large box which he could not get in himself, and I rode with him to get it out; when we took the luggage out, we asked the prosecutrix if it was all right - she said Yes; I asked her to give me 6d., and the coachman stood murmuring for 6d. more, but the door was shut in our faces - I did not know this was in the coach.
NEWMAN - 

               GUILTY
            , Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
COLE - GUILTY. Aged 19.




               Recommended to Mercy by the Jury
            . - 


               Confined 3 Months
            .
