





455. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ROSS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of January
, one spoon, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George Frederick 
                  Vorwerg
               




            .
GEORGE FREDERICK VORWERG. I live in Little Aliff-street, Goodman's-fields


. On the evening of the 24th of January, about twenty minutes before five o'clock, the prisoner came to my house, and said Mr. Jarman wished to know what time he could see me on the morrow; I said,"Any time;" he said, "That is no time;" I said, "Well then, between eight and nine o'clock;" I said, "You mean Mr. Jarman, down Mile-end-road" - he said, "Yes;" I said,"Is it about the German church;" he said he did not know; he then asked me for a glass of water - I went up stairs, he came to the foot of the stairs, and asked if he was to come up - I said, "Yes;" I went to a cupboard to get a glass, but it was not clean - I put some water into it, to wash it - went to get a cloth to wipe it - I then heard a jingling of spoons in the cupboard, from where I had taken the glass - I rushed forward, and said "What is that?" he said, "Nothing at all;" I said, "This will not do for me, you shall not go" - he had his hands behind him - I looked round, and saw part of this spoon in his hand, I seized it, and said, "What! did you come to rob me?" he said, "Oh no, I only meant to show you, how easily you might be robbed;" I said, "That won't do for me, you shall prove whether you know Mr. Jarman or not;" he then said, "I don't know Mr. Jarman - don't you teach German?" I said, "Yes, I did;" he did not know what to say, and I sent for an officer.
Prisoner. Q. When you first came into the room, and asked what I was about, did I not take the spoon in this direction, and say how cautious you ought to be of exposing your property, when there is a stranger in the room? A. No; he did not say that till I had taken it from him; there were about five more table-spoons, a silver pint pot, half a dozen tea spoons, and a milk-pot; these spoons lay on the top of one another; you could not have taken more without making more noise.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am an officer. I went to the house and took the prisoner; I went to Mr. Jarman's, by order of the Magistrates, he said he knew nothing of the prisoner.
Prisoner. Q. When you took me, was not I drunk? A. He was a little in liquor, but not much so.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
