





2019. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  DAVIES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of October
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 chain, value 6d.; 1 seal, value 5s., and 1 key, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Charles Thomas 
                        Harwood
                     




                  , from his person
            .
CHARLES THOMAS HARWOOD. I am a wine-cooper
, and live in Blossom-terrace, Elder-street, near Spital-square. On the 23d of October, about a quarter to twelve o'clock, I was going towards Long-lane, from St. John-street - I felt my watch safe in my fob just at Smithfield-bars


; the prisoner came behind me, threw his arm round my neck, pinioned my arms, and drew my watch from my fob; he instantly ran off; he was the only person near me - I turned round, and saw no other person near me - I instantly pursued - I received a blow from some other person, at the back of my neck - I still kept sight of him, and pursued him - I think I did not lose sight of him before he was stopped, but the blow staggered me, and other people who came running, might have obstructed my view; he ran as far as Cow-cross, where he was taken, and dropped the watch - I described it before I saw it.
Prisoner. Q. Did you say at the watch-house that you had been struck? A. I did not - I was not at all intoxicated - I had taken part of two glasses of gin and water with a friend - I knew perfectly well what I was about; the blow produced a degree of confusion about me.


                  DAVID 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Sepulchre. At ten minutes before twelve o'clock, as I stood by the Bull's Head public-house, near Smithfield-bars, I heard a cry of Watch! - I saw the prisoner running towards me, from Long-lane; he was the only person running - I waited for him to come to the corner, and crossed the bars to pursue him; he crossed over, and ran faster than before - I followed him, but saw he was gaining ground, and I sprang my rattle - I saw two patrols by Cow-cross-street, who stopped him; he is the very person - I saw the prosecutor in three or four minutes; when I collared him the patrols wanted to take him to their watch-house - I said No, he was my prisoner - I heard the case of the watch drop from him - I could not pick it up immediately - Cummings, the patrol, picked it up - I took him to our watch-house, and three or four yards from where I took him, I heard him drop something, which turned out to be a watch - I did not pick it up, nor see it picked up; the watch and case were produced at the watch-house; the prosecutor said, "That is the man who took my watch, I will swear to him;" he described the watch before he saw it; it corresponded with his description; he seemed to have been stunned, but was quite sober.
Prisoner. Q. Did he say at the watch-house that he had been struck? A. He mentioned that he had received a blow at the back of the neck.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am a patrol. My beat is at the end of Cow-cross - I was waiting in the watch-house, to go on duty, at twelve o'clock - I heard a rattle spring, went out towards the spot, and saw the prisoner running from Smithfield, towards Cow-cross, alone; the watchman was pursuing him - I came up with my partners, who stopped him - I thought I heard something fall on the ground, close to him - I had hold of him at the time - I stopped and picked up the watch, without the case, about a foot from him; the seal, chain, and key were attached to it - I took it to the watch-house; the prosecutor described it before he saw it.


                  JOHN 
                  CUMMINGS
               



            . I am a patrol. On Tuesday night I heard the rattle, and ran out of the watch-house - I saw the prisoner running in a direction from Smithfield, towards Cow-cross - Price ran to stop him; the prisoner knocked him backwards; he got hold of him, and they swung round together - I collared him, went part of the way to the watch-house with him, and as I returned, I picked up a silver watch-case, very near to where he was laid hold of, on the spot where he tried to get from the patrol - Harwood appeared to give a very correct account of it.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HOPSON
               



            . I am constable of the night. The prisoner was brought in, and the watch and case produced- the prosecutor did not appear insensible, but was under the effects of liquor - I did not hear him say he had received a blow - I noticed a mark of dust on his neck, and asked if he had been struck; he said No, it was only the dust of the cellar where he had been gauging liquor; he said the watchmaker's name was Lormier, but on opening it, the name of Edwards was in it; he afterwards produced a bill of it, as bought of Edwards late Lormier; the watch was bruised by the fall, and the glass broken.
CHARLES THOMAS HARWOOD. The watch and case are mine, and are what I was robbed of - I said the name was Lormier, but immediately said I recollected that it was Edwards.
Prisoner. I leave it to the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
