





First London Jury - before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1711. 
               
                  ANN 
                  McGEE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of August
, 1 frock, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Bates
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Eliza 
                        Bates
                     



.


                  ELIZA 
                  BATES
               



            . I am the wife of Richard Bates, who is a gentleman's servant
; we live in Whiskin-street, St. John-street-road. I went up stairs to clean myself between one and two o'clock on the 15th of August, leaving my children at play in the passage, and my daughter Eliza was missing - I inquired about the neighbourhood, but could hear nothing of her, but between seven and eight o'clock a person told me she was in the watch-house; I found her in St. Sepulchre's watch-house, stripped of her frock; I was in the greatest distress about her - she is six years old in November; the prisoner was in custody - she is quite a stranger to me.


                  JAMES 
                  HAMBLIN
               



            . I am a hat-maker, and live in the Borough. On the 15th of August I was in Cooper's-row, West-street, Smithfield, about six o'clock, and saw the prisoner in a public-house, with this young child
, having a pint of beer; she went out of the tap-room - I went away, but returned, and was informed a woman was up Sharp'salley, stripping a child of its clothes; I ran down, and found the prisoner on the step of a door, untying the child's clothes - the child was crying; she was putting its pinafore on, having taken its frock off - I asked what she had done with the child's clothes; she said she knew nothing about them: I took the child's frock from under her gown, and gave her in charge of a patrol, with the frock; inquiry was made, and at last the mother was found.


                  CHARLES 
                  WYBURN
               



            . I am a letter-founder. I was looking out of a window into Sharp's-alley, and overheard two women talking about a woman stripping a child; I ran down into the alley, and found the last witness in the act of taking the frock from the prisoner's person - I asked if it was her child; she said Yes: I said that was false - she said, "It is my sister's though;" we secured her.


                  RICE 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am an officer. The patrol brought the prisoner to the watch-house, with the child and frock.


                  ELIZA 
                  BATES
               



            . This is my child's frock; the child told who she was after the fright was over, and where she lived.
Prisoner. I leave myself to the mercy of the Court; I was intoxicated, and had the child in the yard, not knowing what I was doing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Life
            .
