





456. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of January
, three tea spoons, value 20 s.; and one tea pot, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Vetch
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GOODGER
               



            . I live in Argyle-street. Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Vetch
               



             is a doctor
. On the 24th of January, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, the dustmen were taking out the dust; they gave an alarm that two men had come in at the front door; I went towards the door, saw nobody, and in returning, the prisoner, with another person, opened the parlour door, and came out - I asked what business they had there; they asked if Mr. Johnson lived there. I looked in at the door, and missed the tea pot and two spoons off the breakfast table, and immediately pursued the prisoner, and brought him back; the other had turned the corner of Little Argyle-street. I have not found the property; he said he knew nothing of it - they were safe a quarter of an hour before.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was the door left open - A. Yes; the parlour door was shut - I am sure the prisoner is one of them; they both stared very hard in my face. The prisoner had a basket, which he dropped in the street; it was never picked up.
COURT. Q. How far from the door did you seize him - A. About thirty or forty yards.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATKINS
               



            . I am a dustman. I was taking dust from the front area, and saw two men at the front door, which was open, they went in; the prisoner was one - I know him perfectly well, he had a basket in his hand; I alarmed Goodger, and saw them come out, and saw him run out - he laid hold of the prisoner. We had been taking dust from the back part of the house.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going by. Two men stood behind the cart - I was walking on; the servant ran after them, and took me - my trade does not require me to carry a basket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
