





229. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of January
, two saddles, value 15 s.; two bridles, value 4 s.; two saddle-cloths, value 6 d., and one leather strap, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sparks
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURGESS
               



            . I am a watchman of Bedford-bury. On the 1st of January, about three o'clock in the morning, Mr. Sparks's man passed me in Hop-gardens


 with a light. I went up to his cow-house door to light my pipe; he called out,
"Watchman, the lock is broken off the door!" The prisoner flew out of the door, but we stopped him, and took him to the watch-house. I found a flint, a steel, some tinder, and a piece of candle on him. I returned to the cow-house, and found the door had been broken open.


                  JAMES 
                  ADAMS
               



            , I am servant to Mr. Sparks. About three o'clock in the morning, of the 1st of January, I was going to his cow-house, and found the lock off the door - the watchman was close behind me; the prisoner came out in a great hurry, we seized him and took him to the watch-house. I called my master up, and we went to the cow-house; I had left the saddle-cloths and bridles hanging up in the loft - they were gone. I found them on the dung-hill, about fourteen yards from the loft, covered with straw. I found the lock of the door inside the premises; I found a crow-bar and a piece of the binding of a hat in the loft.


                  JOHN 
                  SPARKS
               



            . My servant fetched me - his evidence is correct.


                  HENRY 
                  GROVES
               



            . I heard the alarm, and saw the watchman with the prisoner. I took a flint, a steel, and a pieceof candle out of his pocket, with some tinder and matches. We searched the loft, and found a piece of leather. I took the prisoner's hat off and it fitted it. He said the leather had been lost out of his hat two months.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I picked up a bundle, containing the matches and things.



               GUILTY
             Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Burrough.
