





1886. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  EVANS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of July
, 75lbs. of lead, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Miller
                     




                  , and fixed to a certain building
            .
THOMAS MILLER. The house in question is mine. I have lost two or three cwt. of lead at different times.


                  GEORGE 
                  TWEEDY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Miller. On the 4th of July I saw this lead safe; the prisoner was stopped next morning - I was sent for, and compared the lead, it fitted exactly, nail holes and all.


                  RICHARD 
                  BURT
               



            . I was going to market that morning and saw a man come out of the court with a load; I went to Woodgate's door and told him.


                  GEORGE 
                  WOODGATE
               



            . Burt gave me information; I went, and overtook the prisoner near Pitfield-street, with a soot bag, which he was resting on a post - I took hold of it, and it contained lead; I compared it with the roof of Mr. Miller's house, it fitted exactly.


                  JOHN 
                  SHAW
               



            . I am a watchman. I was called to assist a man over the road; I went over to the George the Fourth public-house, and took the prisoner - I saw the lead fitted - it appeared quite right.


                  DANIEL 
                  NEWTON
               



            . I was on the parapet on the 4th - the lead was all safe; next morning I saw this fitted.


                  MARY 
                  STEWARD
               



            . I am bar-maid at the George the Fourth: the lead was left there - we let them have the same again.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going down the court, saw the lead lying down, and put into my bag.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
