





1845. 
               
                  
                     MARTHA 
                     GEARY
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of July, 1824
, 9 sheets, value 3l.; 14 pillowcases, value 2l.; 3 napkins, value 3s., and 1 towel, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Granville Anson Chetwynd 
                           Stapylton
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
, in his dwelling-house
            .
GENERAL GRANVILLE ANSON CHETWYND STAPYLTON. I live in Somerset-place, Strand


. The prisoner was about six years in my service, at Hadley, and Somerset-place, as housekeeper
 - she bore the best character possible; when she left my service, by her own desire, I allowed her to remain in the house for a few days: I went out of town at the end of June, or early in July, till October - when I returned she had left; she went to the AEthenium without any intermediate service: the linen had been put away in a press, and was examined about a month after we returned - a considerable quantity was then missing; we did not suspect her till the discovery at the Ethenium, when I was sent for to Marlborough-street, and a great quantity of linen shewn to me, some of which I can positively swear to, being marked with my initials; I lost the articles stated in the indictment, among others - the value of them is about 5l.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. This was five years ago? A. Yes; I only know the quantity of linen missed, by what I was informed by my daughter, who is absent.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . When I apprehended the prisoner I found these nine sheets, three napkins and towels, and fourteen pillow-cases, in her box at the AEthenium; when I found the sheets with C. S. on them, I said, "Whose service were you in prior to coming to the AEthenium?" she said General Stapylton's - I said, "Then these are General 
               Stapylton
            's sheets;" she said, "No, they are not"- I said, "Whose are they?" she said that they were her husbands's brother's, and after that, that they were her brother's; I said I was satisfied they were General 
               Stapylton
            's, and took them away - she was committed for reexamination, and before she went into the office, at the second examination; I told her General Stapylton had been written to, and had answered that he had been robbed of a large quantity of linen, and was coming to town to look at this - she then said Mrs. Stapylton had given it to her.


                  GENERAL 
                  STAPYLTON
               



            . Here are my initials on them, and what I was accustomed to see on my linen - Mrs. Stapylton died about fourteen months before the prisoner left my service.
Prisoner's Defence. I said they were my brother's, because I was frightened at the time, and did not know what I said - but Mrs. Stapylton gave them to me.




               GUILTY (of stealing to the value of 39s.)
             Aged 66.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
