





664. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, 170 lbs. of lead, value 26 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Cromwell
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            .
MR. HONE conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  CROMWELL
               



            . I am a brewer
, and live at Hammersmith


 - In March I missed this lead from the hips of my barn, it was fixed there - I saw it safe on the 10th.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLOSE
               



            . I sell herrings and oranges in the country - I saw the prisoner come into the Chaise and Horses, public-house, at Hammersmith, on a Sunday evening, about five or six weeks ago - I never saw him before - I think it was between eleven and twelve o'clock at night. He forced his conversation, and asked where I was going - I said to Windsor - I was travelling with a horse and cart. He asked me if I would earn five shillings, to take this lead to London - he asked the landlord if I could have a bed, and said he would call me at four o'clock in the morning. I had a bed, and the landlord called me at six o'clock. I came down, the prisoner came there, he took me up a lane to a dunghill - he turned some dung off the lead, and told me to fetch the cart. I did so, and brought it to the dunghill - he put the lead in, and I drove off, he said he would follow me. I was to go to Hyde Park Corner, and wait there till he came up to me.He followed the cart, and at Kensington two officers stopped me - one laid hold of the horse, the other told me to get out - I did not see the prisoner then - I saw him following when I started, and missed him as soon as I got out of Hammersmith. The officer took me.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Where do you live - A. At No. 16, Old Bethlam, Bishopsgate-street, with my mother who is in the bottle trade - she never buys lead, but deals in bottles and rags. I have travelled with oranges about four years, and go through Hammersmith every Tuesday to Brentford market. I stopped at the Chaise and Horses about two months before this - I never slept there before; the lead was in two bags, which were not mine - I did not know the lead was stolen, I was going to Windsor to meet a person who was coming from the country. We left town about nine o'clock at night - I never was in trouble about any thing before.
Q. If you were going to meet a friend, how came you to go back - A. I thought five shillings would be as much as my friend would give me for meeting him - his name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Page
               



            ; he lives in Whitecross-street.


                  THOMAS 
                  DRINKWATER
               



            . I keep the Chaise and Horses, at Hammersmith - On Sunday morning, the 12th of March, Close came to my house, about one o'clock. When Smith came in, they shook hands together - Smith asked where he was going, and how trade was with oranges. and asked what time he wanted to get to Windsor; he said seven o'clock would be time enough - then Smith told him he was foolish to go on, as he might go to bed, and get up time enough - they agreed for me to take his horses, and for him to go to bed, which he did, and Smith went home - he appointed to come and call Close at four o'clock, but did not come till six o'clock, and sent me to call him - he got up directly; they had a pint of purl - Smith went away first; Close had his horse put in, and he went away. Instead of going to Windsor, they turned towards London, and turned up Bodmen-lane, which was to the left. I immediately sent for an officer, having heard lead was stolen the night before - I know there is a dunghill at the bottom of that lane.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know Close before - A. I do not know that I ever saw him - he came to my house about one o'clock in the morning, and Smith came five minutes after - they shook hands, like two friends - the prisoner is a labourer, and lived not far off. They did not go out together first. When the cart came out of the lane, Smith came round the other way, and asked if Close was gone - there are footpaths leading from the lane round that way - he did not mention Close's name, he said
"Is he gone?" - I gave him an answer, and he went away directly.
COURT Q. Which way did he go - A. He turned towards London. Mine is a night-house - the prisoner's house is half a mile from mine; it is nearer to Smith's house than mine - Smith did not stay above half an hour at night - Close never left my house from the time he came in, till he went away with his cart in the morning.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WHITTICK
               



            . I am special constable of Hammersmith - Edgson was following this cart, and I joined him. We overtook Smith at Kensington - I said,
"Tom, how are you?" - We got before him, and within about twenty yards of the Half-way-house, overtook the cart, (it is about a mile from where we saw Smith). I went to the horses' heads, and Edgson got in the cart, and took Close, and told him we suspected he had stolen property in his cart. We found two bags of lead in it; we then went off, and took Smith in bed. I have known the prisoner from a child; he is a labourer - he was going towards London.


                  EDWARD 
                  EDGSON
               



            . I am a constable. I followed the cart of which Drinkwater had given me a description - I ran as hard as I could towards London, and just as we got through the Turnpike, at Kensington, passed Smith - I was on the other side of the way, and did not speak to him. We overtook the cart just by the iron gates, by the halfway house, about half or three-quarters of a mile from where we saw Smith. I got in - collared Close, and asked what he had in the two sacks - opened one, saw it was lead; he said a person was to give him 5 s. to take it to Hyde-park Corner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I live in King-street, Hammersmith, and am a plumber. I compared the lead with the barn, it fits exactly.
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning from Brentford, I called at his house and got in conversation with Mr. Close, we talked about trade - he asked if I knew the landlord, and told me to ask him to take care of his horse and cart, and let him have a bed; he asked me to call him at four o'clock - I said I would, but did not awake till six, and then called him, as I had to go to Brentford; he said he would give me a lift in his cart - I said it was too late to go, he said he must go as he had particular business, but did not say what it was. I wished him good-bye, and did not see him any more. Between eleven and twelve o'clock, the officer came and took me out of bed - he took me because he had seen me at the house.
JURY to DRINKWATER. Q. Where does Smith live - A. At Hammersmith, nearer to Windsor than my house, and so does the prosecutor.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
