






859. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  CRAWLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April

, 16 ozs. of tea, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Webber
               



            , and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  CONNELLY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
THOMAS WEBBER. I am a grocer
, and live in the Minories



. On the 7th of April, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, this tea was packed up to be sent out; it stood on my counter - I missed it; a person came into the shop, and produced it to me: he described Crawley's dress, and I recollected his having been in the shop about a quarter of an hour before I missed the tea; I found him at the Thames Police-office next day, and recognized him - I did not see Connelly in the shop.


                  THOMAS 
                  FOGG
               



            . I am an officer. On the 7th of April I followed the two prisoners in company with another for about an hour - they went into several shops; Crawley went into a batter's and brought out a hat - I took them both into custody, and on Connelly I found this tea: I took them about half a mile from Webber's shop - I had not seen them near there; I took them to the watch-house. and asked Connelly where he got the tea - he said his sister had sent him to buy it; I asked where she lived - he said in Castle-court, Whitechapel; I made enquiry about the Minories, and found Mr. Webber out - I went to Castle-court, but his sister did not live there.(Property produced and sworn to.)

CRAWLEY's Defence. I went to the shop for half an ounce of liquorice; I threw three farthings down - they said it was two-pence an ounce; I took up my money, and the parcel was on the counter when I went out; when the officer took me, a gentleman said, "Let the boy go;" he said, "You ruscal, I will take you."
CONNELLY's Defence. I was coming down Ratcliff-highway - a decent looking man tapped me on the shoulder, and said, "I have a little tea to sell;" I said, if he went to my mother she would buy it, but I only had got 3s.; he said I seemed a poor lad and should have it for that. I was going to meet my sister to give it her when I was taken.
MR. WEBBER. I know the tea by the paper; it is mixed, and corresponds with what I lost - I have no doubt of it.
CRAWLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
CONNELLY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
