





1234. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  CHRISTMASS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of April
, 3 sovereigns and 1 half-sovereign, the monies of 
                     
                        John 
                        McElligott
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN McELLIGOTT. On the 19th of April I was coming from Astley's. I had got to No. 11, Tottenham-court-road, and I asked the watchman for a lodging - the prisoner came up and said she had a good lodging - I went with her - she showed me into a room - I went to bed - she did not go to bed in that room - when I went to bed I had three sovereigns and a half, and a small Spanish piece, in my pocket - I said to the prisoner, "Take away the light"- I had left my clothes on a chair, and as soon as I was in bed I saw her put her hands into my pockets, and take out the money from a purse - the light was then gone, but I could see that; I was quite sober - I said, "What are you about?" she went out, and said she would be back in a minute - I then went to my clothes, and missed my money - I put my clothes on, and told a watchman that the woman had robbed me - we took her the next night - I am certain of her person.


                  THOMAS 
                  LESLIE
               



            . I am a watchman. I was examining the doors and windows of the next house, and I saw the prisoner go out of this house - the prosecutor came to me in a minute or two, and said he was robbed by the girl just gone out - I had seen them walking together past my box a few minutes before - I could not find the prisoner that night, but I found her the next night - I found on her6s. in silver, and 11/2d. - the prosecutor appeared quite sober.
JURY. Q. How were they walking when they passed your box? A. Very close together - I cannot say whether they were arm-in-arm - when I took her I asked what she had done with the money, and she said she had only taken one sovereign and a half from him.
Prisoner. I never told him any such thing, nor ever saw the prosecutor before.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
