





2045. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  REED
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of September
, 1 bag, value 6d.; 1 purse, value 6d.; 2 half-crowns, 1 shilling, 1 sixpence, and 7 1/2d. in copper monies, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Bertie
                     



                  , from the person of Esther, his wife
            .



                  ESTHER 
                  BERTIE
               



            . I am the wife of John Bertie. On the 12th of September, about twelve o'clock at noon, I was in the Commercial-road


, going home; the prisoner pushed violently against me, put his hand into my basket, and took out my black reticule, containing a purse, two half-crowns, and other money - I saw him take it; he ran, and I followed him: he threw my bag over the wall of a gentleman's yard - he then stood still, and I took hold of him; he said he had not got the bag.


                  CHARLES 
                  LUBBOCK
               



            . I was coming along, and saw the prisoner turn round a corner, and throw a black bag over the wall; I saw the lady come up in a minute or two after - the servant of the house got the bag.


                  JANE 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am servant at the house. This bag was in the yard - I got it, and gave it to the prosecutrix.


                  HENRY 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I am a headborough. I took the prisoner, and received this bag and purse from a gentleman named Warden; the money was in it, but that was given to the prosecutrix by order of the Magistrate.
ESTHER BERTIE. The witness Ellis gave me this bag- it is mine; Mr. Warden came up and took hold of the prisoner, and I believe he took hold of the bag.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in Wapping, selling fruit
; I heard a cry of Stop thief! this lady came up and said I had taken her reticule, but I had not seen it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
