





1821. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  JOY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, 1 pocket-book, value 6d., 3 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Davis
                     




                  , from her person
            .
ANN DAVIS. I am a widow
. On the 26th of August, I came to a public-house in Hornsey-road


 with the prisoner and another person; we drank together at one table, and in the course of an hour I came away - the prisoner followed me out, and said he was coming my way; we walked a little way together, and he thought to take liberties in an improper way with me - I refused two or three times; he then threw me down on the ground, and took my pocket-book out of my pocket, with 3s. 6d. - there was a washing-bill in the pocket-book, and a bad shilling; he thrust his hand into my pocket, took them and got away - I pursued him to the public-house again, and he was sitting looking at some silver in his hand; I asked him for the money and pocket-book, he denied it several times, and out he rushed in a moment - I charged the watchman with him.


                  JAMES 
                  DENNIS
               



            . On the 26th of August I was on duty in the Hornsey-road. I was called, and saw the watchman search the prisoner - he found 4 1/2d. in one of his pockets; I followed them to the watch-house, and saw the prisoner put his left hand behind him, take out this pocket-book, and throw into the road - I took it up, and asked the prisoner what he threw it there for - he said"He knew he threw it away; and not to ask him that foolish question;" I asked the prosecutrix if that was her's, and she said it was, and one of the strings she had sewn on it - I then asked the prisoner what he had done with the money; he said 1s. 6d. he had spent in the public-house - he did not appear tipsy.


                  FREDERICK 
                  SMITH
               



            . I saw the prisoner throw something away, James Dennis picked it up, and the prosecutrix owned it: they were both sober.(Pocket-book produced sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
