





1935. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  FARRELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, 1 bag, value 4d., and 9l. in copper monies
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Moorman
               



             and 
               
                  Josiah 
                  Moorman
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  MURFETT
               



            . I am a carman to Thomas and Josiah Moorman, iron-founders

, of Old-street, St. Luke's. On the 29th of September I was in Little Queen-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields


, and had four bags, each containing about 10l. of copper, in the cart; we had it to pay the men; I stopped at a public-house to get refreshment, and could see the cart as I sat in the house; I saw the tail-board was down, which I had left up; I ran out, and missed one bag; I looked round, but saw nobody - a lad came and asked if I had lost anything; I went with him, and secured the prisoner at the corner of Wild-street, with the bag; another man was supporting him; I asked where he was going to carry it - he said he did not know; I said, "I will show you where to take it - put it on your shoulder;" he said he would see me d - d first. I gave him in charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY ROWSHAM
               



            . I was in Little Queen-street, about three o'clock in the afternoon; I saw the prisoand another going towards Drury-lane - the prisoner had a coarse bag on his shoulder; I then saw the carman running after them - he seized the prisoner, who threw the bag down, and tried to escape; the other tried to get the copper - I and another man took it into a shop for safety.


                  ROBERT 
                  DUKE
               



            . I received the prisoner in charge.
Prisoner's Defence. A respectable man asked me to carry this for 1s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
