





273. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CUMMINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, 1 wrapper, value 1s.; 24 night-caps, value 11s.; 24 worsted frocks, value 4l. 10s.; 12 other frocks, value 21. 10s., and 36 other caps, value 25s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Bulcock 
                     Burbidge
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. On Wednesday, the 24th of December, I was passing along Bishopsgate-street; I observed a coach back into Devonshire-street- I went up, and saw a man shutting the door and going away; the coachman said, "Where am I to drive to?" the man was at that time shutting the door, and seeing me went away without answering him, as I said, "Never mind. coachman, I will tell you in a minute;" I opened the coach-door, put my head in, and the prisoner jumped out as quick as he could at the door I stood at; he could not get out at the other door, as this bale of goods was there - I laid hold of him; he said, "Let me go:" I called for assistance, and he was secured; he certainly jumped out as if to escape, but I detained him, and found a large bale of goods in the coach, and a bill of parcels, which led me to Mr. Burbidge.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. You and your brother were on the look out? A. Yes - the coachman is not here; he said nothing in the prisoner's presence: he did not say the prisoner was never in the coach - I did not speak to him, except telling him I would tell him where to drive.
COURT. Q. Are you quite certain the prisoner was in the coach? A. Yes: I never let him go - he had not got half a yard from the coach.
JOHN BAXTER. I am clerk to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bulcock Burbidge
               



            , wholesale hosier, of Bridge-street, Southwark. I entered the goods which were packed in this package; they were to go to Chester-quay: I made out the invoice- this is it (looking at it;) it was put inside the package, and is my hand-writing.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you before the Magistrate? A. Yes; I heard nobody say the prisoner was not the man who called the coach.(Property produced and sworn to.)
JAMES CHAMBERS. I am porter to Mr. Burbidge. I was driving the horse and cart, with this package in it, going to Chester-quay - I missed it in Houndsditch, between five and six o'clock.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I was with my brother, but not when he first went up to the coach; I was nearly opposite Devonshire-street, and saw two persons - one of them jumped up in a pleasing sort of a manner: one gave the other an umbrella to hold - I followed him to the coach-stand; he sent the coachman, who drove to Devonshire-street - one of the men was standing there, and I did not then go up, as I did not want them to see me, but when I got up I found my brother holding the prisoner - I was waiting at the end of the street, to stop the coach when it came out; the prisoner is not the man who hired the coach from the stand.
Prisoner's Defence. I wish to have the coachman and beadle called who forced me into the coach; I was not in it till they forced me in - the coach is No. 20l.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I assisted in putting him into the coach after he was secured.


                  GEORGE 
                  GIRTON
               



            . I am a beadle. I did not come up till the prisoner was secured.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
