





1047. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CUTLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of July
, a hat, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Rushton
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  RUSHTON
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live in Wilmot's-buildings, Borough. On the 2d of July, about half-past two o'clock in the night, I was returning from a trade-club. I had been drinking, but was not intoxicated; and near the Holborn-end of Fleet-market


, a man struck me on the head and knocked me down; my hat was on then - it was momentary; but as soon as I got up, I saw him running off with my hat. I called Stop thief! and pursued him. The prisoner was taken by the watchman. I have every reason to believe he is the man. I was much agitated, but when I gave him in charge in the watch-house he denied it; I got up immediately and took my hat off his head; he had his own concealed in his apron, and dropped it in the watch-house from between his legs. I believe I did not lose sight of him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not use violent language, and strike me a blow in the face before it happened - A. No, it is false; I did not strike him when he was in custody, to my knowledge; if I did, it must be at the watch-house; the hat was in a piece of canvass round his body - I call it an apron.


                  THOMAS 
                  FLEMMING
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 2d of July, about half-past two o'clock, I heard a cry of watch. I came into Bear-alley, and saw the prosecutor standing in a confused state, without a hat, and blood running down from his temple; it appeared a serious blow. I saw the prisoner about twelve yards before me, going up Bear-alley, walking deliberately away. I pursued and laid hold of him, as Rushton said he had been knocked down and robbed of his hat; I took him to the watch-house, Rushton followed and looked at him in the watch-house, and said,
"Why, you have got my hat on your head," and took it off - the prisoner made no answer, and appeared confused; he sat down and unravelled an apron which was round his waist; his own hat was concealed in it; it dropped on the floor; he took it up and put it on, and said,
"Here is my hat." When I heard the alarm nobody but him was in sight; he did not appear drunk; the prosecutor appeared confused, and said the blow had stunned him so he was insensible; he did not appear to me to be in liquor; he did not strike the prisoner.
Prisoner. Q. Was you the person who took me - A. Yes, I called to another watchman, but he never touched you - he had two black eyes when I took him - they appeared to have been done a day or more. He said nothing of anybody striking him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SAGE
               



            . I am constable of the night, and was in the watch-house when the prisoner was brought in - Rushton claimed the hat on his head; it was handed to me, and he described it by a piece of cloth being sown behind, and the seam was leather - the prisoner said he did not know how it came on his head, and as he came towards me, his own hat fell from his apron - he was quite sober - Rushton had been drinking, but was not insensible - he bled from his temple, which was cut.
(Hat produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Is it possible I could convey a hat into my apron without their seeing me. I was going home; the prosecutor was dreadfully intoxicated, grossly insulted me, and struck me several times, and being a little in liquor myself, I struck him again; and, during the struggle, we made an exchange of hats - he gave me incharge for robbing him of his hat, and my own was found on the watch-house floor.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Life
            

