





1104. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WAYLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of June
, a shawl, value 13 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George Drake 
                     Sewell
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cross
                  



               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  CROOSE
               



            . I live with Messrs. 
               
                  George 
                  Drake Sewell
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cross
               



            , in Frith-street, Soho


. On the 18th of June I was informed by a gentleman that some person had taken a shawl from the door - I went out, and saw some person running, but I did not see his face. I pursued till the prisoner was stopped in King-street - my opinion is that he is the same person I had seen running - I had lost sight of him for a minute; I found the shawl in his hat; it had been hanging on a nail, and if it had fallenit must have fallen within a yard of the door, inside the shop. He said he picked it up.


                  JOHN 
                  VINE
               



            . I was in the shop at the time, and pursued the prisoner with Croose, on receiving the information - he turned round the corner, and we followed him from street to street till he was stopped, and the shawl was found in his hat.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I saw the prisoner with some others lurking about the shop, on the 18th of June. I looked after them - they then passed on, and about two o'clock I saw them again; they appeared to be in liquor. In about ten minutes after I saw the prisoner running with a shawl, and detained him. The two last witnesses came up, and claimed it; he had put it in his hat as he ran.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up just at the corner of Compton-street. I was so intoxicated that I was not well for a day or two.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
