







605. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GEORGE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY 
                     CATON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SPLATT
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of March
, four pig's feet, value 2 d.; one cloth, value 1 s.; one basket, value 1 s.; and 20 s. in copper monies, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dancer
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DANCER
               



            . I am a carrier
, and live at Newton, in Bedfordshire. On the 25th of March, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I was in John-street, Oxford-road


, and missed four 5 s. papers of halfpence, which were in a basket; there was also a cloth and some pig's feet. I saw it safe about ten minutes before. I found it at Bow-street the same night.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a patrol. I was in John-street with Read, and saw the cart, we followed the prisoner and another, all the way from St. Giles's, they were following another cart, they left there and went to Berners-street; we followed them, they came opposite John-street - Splatt and George crossed and went into John-street, and joined Caton. Read went on the left-hand side and I on the right; the moment I got into the street I saw this cart unloading. I saw George go in front and take the basket from the cart - he then walked as if he was going into Oxford-street. I followed him - Caton and Splatt gave him a signal that I was following - he then dropped the basket. I caught hold of him, pulled him across the street, and took Caton. Read picked it up and secured Splatt.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  CHARLES 
                  READ
               



            . I was with Davis - his account is correct. I picked up the basket and took Splatt.
GEORGE'S Defence. These two are innocent. I got in company with a bad man, who drew me into it, and he gave me beer to drink, and took the basket and gave it to me.
GEORGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
CATON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
SPLATT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
