






NEW COURT. (5th DAY.)
Middlesex Cases, Third Jury, Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1437. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  FEAR
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of April

, eight hundred slates, value 10 l., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Struthers
                     





                  , his master
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM STRUTHERS. I am a slater
, and live in Grosvenor-walk, Milbank-row, Westminster. The prisoner had served his apprenticeship to me, and was in my employ seventeen years in July last - he was my foreman
; I had formerly a man in my service, named Haskins - he has left me about two years and a half, and set up in business as a slater, in a small street leading from Vauxhall-road - I have had no dealings with him - I know 
               
                  Philip 
                  Branton
               



             by sight, that is all. On the 20th of April a barge of slates, called duchesses, arrived at my wharf - they were mine - I told the prisoner to send two loads of them to the Penitentiary, but had not directed him to dispose of any others to any person, and certainly not to Haskins.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Did you allow the prisoner to sell any slates for you? A. At one time I allowed him to sell a sort called waste, but no others; there was a pass-book kept, in which he furnished me with an account of what he sold; he always had a desire to sell slates, but I forbid him; he had paid me money for some which he had sold, perhaps two days before he was taken: there never was a meeting for the purpose of settling this business, and there was never a balance of 30 l. due to me from him - I have an entry in my book, on the 23d of June, when he paid me some money. He lived in a house of mine on the wharf - I lived at a distance; if a person came to give orders they made inquiries of him; he generally settled with me on a Saturday evening, for the slates he sold - there were some deficiencies, but I did not think it worth while to discharge him for them, being an old servant.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Had he at any time after, no authority from you to sell valuable slates, by the cart load? A. No never - there is no entry of a cart load of slates sold by him in his book - there is no entry of two cart loads sold to Haskins. I did not find it out till July - this little book is the prisoner's wife's writing - he cannot write himself. I have had no meeting with him or his wife, in which it was stated that if 30 l. was paid, the business should be settled.


                  JOHN 
                  WEBB
               



            . I was a carter, in the employ of Mr. Struthers. In April last I remember the barge load of slates coming to Grosvenor-wharf



. The prisoner gave me orders, at six o'clock next morning, to load the cart with two loads of slates, which I was to carry to the Vauxhall-road, about a quarter of a mile beyond the Penitentiary - he said I should meet Mr. Haskins there, and that the slates were for him. I met him, and he told me to put the slates down by the side of Mr. Westmacott's wall, near the iron foundry. I took them at two separate times, in Mr. Struthers' cart. Haskins gave me 5 s. a load for taking them - I do not generally receive so much; I never gave my master information about it till I had been examined. I had told the prisoner I thought matters were not going on right, and it would be found out: he said it will make no odds to you.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you not been in custody some days before you said any thing about it to your master? A. Yes; I was in custody for the slates taken in April.


                  JAMES 
                  BRADLEY
               



            . I am a slater, in the employ of Mr. Struthers. I saw these Duchess slates in the wharf, but did not see them come. I saw two loads taken by Webb past the Penitentiary - the prisoner was standing by when they were loaded; there were two loads ordered by my master the night before, to be taken to the Penitentiary, but these were taken beyond it.


                  THOMAS 
                  PACE
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 30th of June, and was present at the examination before the Magistrate. I heard a paper read to the prisoner - he cannot write, nor read writing himself -it was signed by Mr. Wyat. When I took the prisoner, I told him I wanted him about some slates; as we were going down Millbank-row, I thought he would have fainted. I said "Fear, what is the matter?" he said "I feel I have done wrong about the slates, and if I had hearkened to my wife I should not have done it." When he was before the Magistrate, what he said was taken down, and read over to him; but I do not recollect what he said. I apprehended Haskins and Brandon or the 30th of June. I took them before the Magistrate, and they were examined at night; they promised to be there the next day, but they got away, and I could not find them since.
MR. STRUTHERS re-examined. Q. After the prisoner had been apprehended, did he say any thing to you? A. Yes; I asked Webb, in his presence, if he did not take two loads of Duchesses out of the yard; he said he did. I then asked Fear if that was true; he said it was, and he was very sorry he had done wrong.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOWEN
               



            . I am a carman. I drove a load of slates out of Elizabeth-place, Vauxhall-road, for Mr. Haskins. I do not know who put them there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.
1438. ROBERT FEAR was again indicted for a 


               like offence
            .
The prisoner 


               pleaded >GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
