






558. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CURTIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ALLIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of March
, 80 lbs. weight of lead, value 38 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George Richard 
                  Pound
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I live in Gastignia-place, St. Luke's


. I slept at the top of the house. On the 17th of March. I heard a noise on the roof of the next house, like lead rolling. I immediately got out, threw the window up, and called the watchman, and told him to take care nobody came up the area, or out at the door. He stood there with his lantern. I dressed myself and came down. The man who had the care of the premises, and lived opposite, came down in his shirt, ready to open the door - I went to the door to prevent an escape. They came down and said they could not find them. I went down into the cellar, and Allis was taken. I took Curtis coming up from the cellar into the front parlour - through a hole which was left for the hearth.


                  DONALD 
                  M'DONALD
               



            . I was in care of the house and sleep opposite. The watchman alarmed me between one and two o'clock in the morning. The house belongs to George Richard Pound. I went on the roof with others, and found the lead rolled up. I had seen it on the Friday before it was separated from the building. We searched the premises, and took Allis in the cellar, and asked who else there was - he said only one. Curtis was secured getting up from the cellar, through the parlour floor. The lead was moved nearer to a hole, which was made in the roof, than on Friday - it is an unfinished house. They could not get in without moving a board from the area; and must have replaced it after they got in.


                  GEORGE 
                  WALTERS
               



            . I went with M'Donald on the roof - we found three pieces of lead rolled up - a hole was made in the roof. When the prisoners were at the watch-house, I asked Curtis how they got in. He said, that they moved a board which was up against the window; that they had been to the play, and got in there to sleep. Curtis gave up a knife.


                  JAMES 
                  ARNOLD
               



            . I am the watchman - Collins called me - I waited at the corner of the street. I then went into the house, and saw Curtis come up out of the cellar.
CURTIS'S Defence. I went to the play, and my mother being ill, I did not like to disturb her. I went there to sleep - hearing people come into the house, I got into the cellar, being afraid.
ALLIS'S Defence. We both went to the play, and went in there to sleep.
CURTIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
ALLIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
