





Second Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
1587. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ROSS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        David 
                        Sullivan
                     




                  , on the 10th of August
, on the King's highway, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 hat, value 2s., and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.
            , his property.
DAVID SULLIVAN. I lived in Cato-street. On Saturday, the 10th of August, at one o'clock in the morning, I was in the Edgware-road


, coming from my pay-table; I met five or six chimney-sweeps - they came against me; one of them said, "Are you going home" - I said Yes; they gathered about me - one of them came behind me, and struck me on my hat with his fist; the prisoner then came up, took my hat off my head, and ran away with it.
Q. They knocked you down? A. No - I fell a very little way; the man ran away with my hat - I followed him, calling out Watch! and did not lose sight of him; the watchman came against him, and knocked him down in the mews; I saw him taken, and am certain of him - I was sober; one of them came behind, and put me on my knee - I did not fall; I only had one blow, and then my hat was taken - they all had black faces.


                  THOMAS 
                  EDINBURGH
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 10th of August, between one o'clock and a quarter past, I heard Watch! called - I immediately went up, and the prisoner ran down Cumberland-mews, out of the Edgware-road; I followed him down the mews, and laid hold of him about three parts of the way down; I brought him up, and met Sullivan coming down with something, without his hat; he said, "That is the fellow that took my hat" - the prisoner said it was not him; I then took him up the Edgware-road, but could not find the hat where he said he was knocked down, which was about fifty yards off - I went into the mews in about half an hour, and found the hat and handkerchief in it, about twenty yards from where I took him; I had heard something fall when I pursued him down the mews - it was in the direction he had run.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the handkerchief or hat - I was not near the man at the time Watch! was called: I was going towards Pimlico when the watchman stopped me - I said an Irishman was running after me, going to hit me.
GUILTY. Aged 18.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            . - 


               Transported 14 Years
            .
