







405. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SUMMERS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOWARD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of February
, twenty-one pieces of leather, called high-shoe legs, value 30 s.; one other piece of leather, value 4 s., and eight calf skins, value 5 l.
            , the property of 
               

                        Thomas 
                        Whitemore
                     



                  , the elder




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITMORE
               



            , JUN. I am son of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Whitmore
               



            , who is a currier

, and lives at Weston, in Kent


. On the 3d of February, about seven o'clock in the morning, I missed this property, they were very wet, and not finished - they were all intended to be blackened, but were not done. On the 17th I found the eight calf skins in possession of Richardson.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a currier, and live in Petticoat-lane. Summers applied to me some short time before he was apprehended, he was then a stranger - a woman, named Shepherd, whom I knew, came with him; he asked if I could black him eight calf skins - I said I could; he then asked what I should charge - I said one shilling each. He told me to send my boy to Mrs. Shepherd's for them. She lived at No. 10, John-street, Kent-road. He said he was a shoemaker, and was going to make them up. I sent for them that evening, found them very large, and sent word that I must have 2 s. for doing them, I gave them to Richardson.
Cross-examined by MR. BOLLAND. Q. What day was this - A. I do not know - it might be six or eight days before he was apprehended.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OSBORNE
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Williams. I went to Mrs. Shepherd's, in John-street, for the skins; she directed a little girl to shew me Summers's house in John-street, I there saw another little girl, and she gave them to me - I took them to my master. I had seen her and Summers at my master's house that morning. About a fortnight after, the two prisoners came to my master's and brought ten pair of high-shoe legs, and another piece of leather to be blackened. My master fetched the officer.


                  THOMAS 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I am a currier. On the 10th of February Osborne delivered me eight calf skins.


                  TOBIAS 
                  LOVE
               



            . I am a constable. On the 17th of February I went to Mr. Williams's, and found the prisoners there, with a basket containing ten pair of high-shoe legs, and another piece of leather. I asked Summers, in the hearing of the other prisoner, what was in the basket - he said, some leather, which belonged to him. He said he was a shoemaker. I took them both into custody.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SUMMERS'S Defence. Howard and I went to Gravesend on the 3d of February, we met a man with a bag, and took him up in our cart; he asked us to buy the leather, it being unfinished, I thought he had not come by it honestly; he said he bought it of a man who had failed, and I bought it of him.
HOWARD'S Defence. I have no more to say.
SUMMERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
HOWARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Lord C. J. Abbott.
