





959. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of March
, 2 tea-pots, value 8s. 6d.; 1 jug, value 1s. 3d.; 1 pair of snuffers, value 4s. 6d.; 1 japan tray, value 2s.; 4 brushes, value 3s. 6d.; 2 cushions, value 1s. 2d.; 2 phosphorus boxes, value 6d.; 5 combs, value 3s.; 2 other combs, value 2s.; 1 gold ring, value 4s., and 72 pencils, value 2s. 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Sewell
                        




                     
                   and another, his masters
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SEWELL
               



            , JUN. I am in partnership with 
               
                  John 
                  Sewell
               



            , of Fore-street


; we are jewellers and hardwaremen
 - the prisoner was our porter
; we suspected him, and spoke to the officer, who was in waiting, and took him on the 24th of March - he had been with us five or six years.


                  JOHN 
                  LACEY HAWKINS
               



            . I am a marshalman. I watched the premises on the 24th of March - I took the prisoner on the opposite side of the way, and took him into his master's house; I saw him put his hat on a chair on his left hand - I said he should not put any thing down; I stopped down, and when I got up I saw this packet of pencils in the chair on his left hand - I did not see it come out of his hat; there were no persons present but Mr. Sewell and the prisoner - I searched the prisoner's house in Castle-street, Finsbury. to which he directed me, where I found these other articles; here is a metal tea-pot, a tea-tray, combs, brushes, phosphorus-boxes, and other things, and a gold ring.
Cross-examined by MR. RYLAND. Q. Have they been claimed? A. Yes, by Mr. Sewell; I believe there were two or three plated spoons which Mr. Sewell said he could not swear to, and I did not take them - I took the prisoner, into the back parlour at his master's, Mr. Sewell went up with us, but he got into the room before me; the room had been empty - I cannot tell how the parcel came on the chair.
MR. SEWELL re-examined. Q. What does the parcel contain? A. Pencils; there is a mark on the paper; most of the other things had a private mark on them; I believe them to be ours:; the prisoner sent two letters the next day - one to my mother, and one to myself; I have seen him write, and believe they are his writing - this is the one to my mother - ( reads.)
HONOURED MADAM, - On account of my unfortunate wife and children, I hope you will not press this charge against me; particularly when I assure you I intended to replace the articles, or to have given you the value for them. I hope you will take my unfortunate case into your consideration, and treat me with that lenity I know your feeling heart would wish; and, as in duty bound, I shall ever pray, Your's, J. HILL.
Cross-examined by MR. RYLAND. Q. Was there a relative of your's who lodged in the prisoner's house? A. Not that I know of; I have been in the country a good deal lately; I did not know till the other day that my mother used to visit a person at the prisoner's.


                  JAMES 
                  SEWELL
               



            . I saw the prisoner take these pencils out of his hat, and put them on the chair.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you out when the prisoner was laid wait for? A. No, I was in the warehouse - I went up stairs with them; I went in first, with a light, and the prisoner went in next; I took the parcel out of the chair, and examined it - it has our mark on it; I did not know of any relation lodging at the prisoner's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years.
            

