





Third Middlesex Jury.
2094. 
               
                  
                     ABEL 
                     PIERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of September
, 1 silver tea-pot, value 4l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William Cathcart 
                  Boyd
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  Louisa Elizabeth 
                  Boyd
               



            .


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . On the 25th of September I saw the prisoner and another turn out of Moorfields-square and go, one to South-place and the other to South-street; I went down Cross-street and came up South street - I missed the prisoner, but saw the other man; I went on to Wilson-street, saw the prisoner come up to Wilson-street, and then he ran - I went and took him, and found this tea-pot in his apron.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Did you see the two persons together? A. Yes, walking within a yard of each other; I did not observe any conversation - I think they were not walking in the usual way; the prisoner did not come to me and ask what I wanted - I took hold of his collar; he said he had been to Blackfriars, and found the tea-pot - the other man did not join him afterwards; I took him about thirty yards from the prosecutor's.
CATHERINE JONES. I live servant with Mrs. Louisa Elizabeth Boyd, at No. 2, South-street


. This tea-pot is her's, and was either on the kitchen table, or in the pantry on the 25th of September; the person who took it must have come down the area steps.
Cross-examined. Q. Where did you put it at night? A. I used to take it to my bed-room - I am sure I had it in my bed-room the night before, and brought it down that morning; the Lion on the top of it turns round, and I have it in use every day.


                  ELIZA 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am a niece of Mrs. Boyd's; she is married to William Cathcart Boyd.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been over the water to receive orders, and coming down Moorfields I saw a handkerchief on the step of a door - I took it up and put it into my apron - I had not got more than twenty yards, when the officer said, "What have you there?" I went back, and said, "A tea-pot;" and gave it him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
