






538. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MEANS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SHARBOARD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, 80 lbs. of lead, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Calvert
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Calvert
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Forster
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        Edmund Sexton Pery 
                        Calvert
                     



                  , and fixed to a building of theirs
            .


                  BOUGHEY 
                  HEPWORTH
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Calvert, who have premises in the Ward of Dowgate. On Saturday, the 8th of March, between five and six o'clock, Mr. Church called on me, saying, some boys were taking some lead off an empty house, in Red Bull Yard


. I went with him into a house which commanded a view of the premises. I saw Means cutting away the lead from the gutters in front of the house, and a little boy with him. We went down, and got into the house by the staircase window, and found the sink cut away. I went up stairs, and found the house a complete wreck; the tiles and partitions all torn away; the gutters taken away; the edge of the lead was quite bright; the pipes too were cut away, and gone. There was a window open at the back part of the premises. I found the prisoners down in a place where Mr. Calvert's empty butts were; we took them to the watch-house. On Means we found two steels, two flints and two matches, and a small piece of lead in his pocket, fresh cut - but nothing on the other. I asked what they had done with the lead they had cut away. Sharboard said I should find five pieces down by the cellar flap. We found about 3/4 of a cwt. there. There has been about a ton stolen in all. Sharboard said, they had lived in the house four days, and had had a fire there, made of wood torn from the wainscot. They said they had sold it to a man over the water, at Chain-gate. I have known Sharboard a long time, and believe he has a good character before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHURCH
               



            . I was with Beer - his account is correct.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MEAN'S Defence. - I went down the yard, and saw the cellar flap open, walked in, went up, and saw the lead laying in the gutter; I went and told this boy of it, he went in with me, and we cut a bit of it.
MEARS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SHARBOARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.





               Fined One Shilling
             and Discharged.
