





414. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BISHOP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of August
, four coats, value 3 l.; one waistcoat, value 3 s., and one pair of breeches, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Baxter
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I live in Beaufort-buildings, Strand


; the prisoner lived with me till September last. On the 14th of January I understood some duplicates were found on him - I accompanied Ellis to the pawnbrokers, and found this property. He had lived about three years with me.


                  JAMES 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner on the 14th of January, at the Marquis of Granby, public-house, Chandos-street, on another charge. I took him to his lodgings, and found a number of duplicates in the table drawer, some of which relate to this property, pledged at different times - I also found some buttons with a crest on them.


                  JOHN 
                  BUGG
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Ashman, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in the Strand. In August last the prisoner's wife pledged two coats for two guineas, in the name of Smith, Castle-court, Strand. A pair of breeches were pledged, but I did not take them in.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DUTTON TOWNSEND
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Russell-street, Covent-garden. On the 25th of February, 1819, the prisoner's wife pledged a coat for 16 s., on the 26th of January last a coat and waistcoat.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I beg for mercy.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
