







1141. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SAMUELS
               




            , 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BAKER
               




            , and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  LACK
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of April
, 2 shifts, value 5s.; 1 shirt, value 3s., and 2 night-caps, value 6d. the goods of 
                     
                        Sarah 
                        Ward
                     



                  , widow
; and 1 pair of trousers, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Ward
               



            .
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.


                  ANN 
                  MOULD
               



            . I am in the service of Sarah Ward, a widow, of Tottenham


; she is a laundress
. Between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning of the 21st of April, I hung out these articles in a green which joins Broad-lane


, about one hundred yards from her house; I missed them in about an hour; they were afterwards shown to me at the watch-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am gardener to Mr. Pratt, of Tottenham. On the 21st of April I was in Broad-lane, about twelve o'clock; I saw the three prisoners there; Lack went towards the Seven Sisters public-house, and the other two came towards me; I know the green very well where this linen was bung up; I saw some linen lying in a bundle, but did not take notice of it; I was cutting bushes behind the hedge, and saw Samuels take some linen up, and tuck under his coat - Baker was close to him - they then went on together; I went and told Fowler; we waited till they came up, then pursued and took them; I saw Samuels throw this shirt into a pond, and I got it out - Mould saw, and claimed it; three or four of us pursued Lack; Webster and I took him to the cage; these shifts and night-caps were found in his hat.


                  JAMES 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I took Baker, and found these trousers on him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BENNETT WEBSTER
               



            . I am a constable. I assisted in taking Lack; these articles were found on him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Lack received a good character.
SAMUELS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BAKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Confined Six Months
            .
LACK - 


               GUILTY. Aged 19. Recommended to Mercy by the Jury
            . - 


               Confined 14 Days
            .
