





Fourth Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1423. 
               
                  THOMAS NEWTON 
                  STANGER
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
Mr. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN WILLIAM 
                  NEILE
               




            . I am a colour and varnish maker
, and live in Maiden-lane, Battle-bridge


. The prisoner came into my service in August 1825; it was his duty to go out for orders and to receive money, which he was to pay as soon as he received it; he kept a travelling-book, which he delivered to me when full; 
               
                  John 
                  Stannard
               



            , was indebted to me 6l. 12s. for goods delivered by the prisoner on the 31st of December; on the 9th of January be writes in his travelling-book "John Stannard out of town;" on the 3d of February he writes "Stannard not at home;" on the 18th, he says "Pay the end of the month;" on the 1st of March, "Stannard not at home;" on the 13th, "Stannard in the country;" on the 6th of April,"Stannard not at home, pay after Midsummer;" here is no receipt of the money from Mr. Stannard; and I swear I have never received it.
Cross-examined by Mr. ALLEY. Q. Was not he a sort of commission agent? - A. No; he was to receive something for getting customers, but he never got any; that agreement only continued till November; I never allowed him to take money for particular purposes without giving me an account of it; he never laid out any money for me; he was to give an account to me every night; a good deal of money passed through his hands; he received 30s. weekly from the 5th of November till the 17th of June; I never told him I would give him time to make it up.
JOHN STANNARD. I was indebted to Mr. Neile 6l. 12s.; I paid this to the prisoner, on the 9th of January last - I gave him six sovereigns and the rest in silver; this is the receipt he gave me.
Prisoner's Defence. This is an indictment for 6l. 12s., but it ought to have been for 6l. 6s.; after I wrote the receipt, he would not pay me without I gave him 5 per cent. discount; and I gave him the 6s.; I have never had any settlement since I travelled.
JOHN STANNARD. I paid him 6 sovereigns; but from the length of time I am not certain whether I had any discount.
COURT to Mr. NEILE. Q. Was there any new settlement in November last? - A. Yes; I then hired another traveller, because the prisoner was so very deficient in getting customers; and I said to him, "If you will drop any other commission you shall have 30s. a week;" he said, "I am much obliged to you;" before then he had had 25s. a-week, and 5 per cent. commission.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
