





304. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     SALTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 17th of December
, part of a watch chain, value 2 s.; one seal, value 2 s.; one key, value 6 d., and one ring, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Church
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CHURCH
               



            . On the 17th of December, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, I was at the end of Dock-street, East Smithfield


, and was hustled by a man who met me, and took my watch, the chain broke; I thought my watch was gone; I pursued him a short way calling Stop thief! and all of a sudden I was knocked down by a violent blow on my head by a person behind; I was taken up in a bleeding state, and carried to a public-house, and the prisoner was brought in custody in two minutes; I could not identify him; I have not seen my chain or seals since.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  NATHAN
               



            . I am a slopseller, and live at the corner of Dock-street; I saw Mr. Church pass me; I saw the prisoner and another man walking on very fast, following about ten yards from him; they overtook him opposite my shop; they passed him about half a yard, and then turned and met him full in the face; I saw the other man's hand go as if pulling something from him; (it was under a gas lamp) at that moment the other man ran off; it was done very quick; Mr. Church turned round and called Stop thief! the prisoner ran after him, and made a violent blow at him which knocked him down; I was about fifteen yards from him; I pursued the prisoner calling Stop thief! but nobody would stop him till he fell down, in the middle of Dock-street, and as he was getting up I secured him; he asked me what I wanted of him; I said he was the villain that knocked the gentleman down after he was robbed - he said he was sure I was mistaken - I said I was not, and took him - I am sure he is the man.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BLABY
               



            . I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw Mr. Church in a very bad state; Nathan brought the prisoner to me - I accused him of knocking Mr. Church down, and he denied it - he said, he saw him knocked down, and went to help him up - he afterwards said, he pursued the man to try to catch him.
Prisoner's Defence. It is false.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
