





409. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HYLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Henry William 
                           Philpot
                        




                     
                  , about six o'clock in the night of the 6th of February
, with intent to steal, and buglariously stealing therein, one candlestick, value 2 s., and two castors, value 3 s., his property
            .


                  HENRY 
                  WILLIAM PHILPOT
               



            . I live in North-street, City-road


. On the 6th of February, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, I went to the front room, to fasten the shutters, and saw a boy go through the window; I went through after him, and was told he had ran up the street. I ran up, and found him in the hands of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Death
               



            . I asked if he had taken anything? he denied it; I examined the side-board, and missed two castors. While I was looking a neighbour called in, and said he had thrown something down before he was stopped. I went and found the sugar castor in the kennell - the pepper castor is still missing. The shutters were not fastened; the window was up, but was shut before he entered.


                  MARY 
                  ANN PHILPOT
               



            . I left the house about a quarter before six o'clock, the shutters were not then shut, but the window was down.


                  GEORGE 
                  GARROWAY
               



            . On the 6th of February I was coming down North-street, and saw the prisoner come out of Philpot's window with the candlestick, he jumped on a woman's shoulder, and the candlestick fell into the road. I am certain he is the lad.


                  THOMAS 
                  DEATH
               



            . I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw two lads running, the prisoner was first - the other was a bigger lad. I gave the prisoner in charge to the prosecutor.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going up the street when the gentleman collared me.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.
Of stealing only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
