





1721. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Flower
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHIVERS
               



            . I am a porter to Mr. Young, of Bear-street, Leicester-square. On the 20th of July I was standing at the corner of Bear-street


; I saw a gentleman and lady come up the street; the prisoner went behind them, and took a handkerchief from the gentleman's pocket, the gentleman turned, seized him, and took the handkerchief from him; a person came up, and took the handkerchief and the prisoner - I did not hear what the gentleman's name was.
Prisoner. Q. Who gave the officer the handkerchief? A. The gentleman did; I went to the watch-house.
Q. Were you outside the door when the night constable asked you if you knew any thing of the transaction? A.He did not ask me that; he said, "Is there any one else to come in;" but I did not, as I never was before a Magistrate in my life.


                  HAMMOND 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am an officer. I produce a handkerchief belonging to a gentleman named 
               
                  Edward 
                  Flower
               



            , of No. 8, Chichester-rents; he promised to attend the next morning, but he did not; I went to the house, but he was gone into the country - I know nothing of the facts; but I was in Bear-street, and the gentleman gave the prisoner to me - he said he saw the handkerchief on the ground, was going to give it to the gentleman, and he took him.
Prisoner's Defence. What I stated was the fact. I saw two men pick the gentleman's pocket; I crossed the road, and took it up; the gentleman turned, and laid hold of me; I said, "It is your handkerchief, I am going to give it you;" he said, "I think you picked my pocket, and I will give you a night's lodging." I am a spring-maker, and work for Mr. Baxter, in Long-acre.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
