






2206. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  WRIGHT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of October

, 4lbs. of tobacco, value 14s., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Fish
                     



                   and 
                     
                        William 
                        Collins
                     



                  , his masters
            ; and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  NIGHTINGALE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
MR. QUIN conducted the prosecution.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am officer of Bow-street - the prosecutor applied to me, and about nine o'clock in the morning of the 22d of October, I saw Wright come out of their premises - I followed him from there into a court in the Old Bailey, opposite Newgate - I waited on the Newgate side, and saw him go into a house. I presently observed a woman come out with a jug and go to a wine-vaults - she went into the court again, and went into the same house. Wright came out and I followed him into Smithfield - I then went towards Fish and Collins', and met Mr. Collins. I then took Wright into custody, and took him to the watch-house; I found tobacco dust in his waistcoat and breeches pockets - I locked him up, and returned to the house in the court, and found Nightingale in a room up two pair of stairs. I said, "Nightingale, you have some tobacco here, which a man has just brought;" he said, no man had been there. I said, "Have you any tobacco in the house?" he said, "Yes," and shewed me a jar, with about one pound and a half in it. I said,"Is this all you have?" he said, "I have got a little more." I then went to the cupboard, and found about 3lbs. more, which was warm. I searched further, but found nothing more - I saw a jug on the table, with a little gin in it; it was like that which the woman had; I asked if he dealt in tobacco; he said Yes - I said, "Who do you buy it of?" he said of a man at Chelsea or Chelmsford; I do not know which. I asked for his permit - he said he had none - I asked if he was a retailer - he said Yes - I asked if he had a licence; he said No. I then took him in charge. Wright lodges in Coleman-street, St. Luke's.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. How many houses are there in the court? A. Two or three I believe; it is called Green Harbour-court. I cannot say how many - my eye was only directed to one house; I stood about fifty yards off. I had a reason for not following him. Wright had a tobacco box in his pocket; I found 1s. on him; he had left the court five or seven minutes before I searched him.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long have you been an officer? A. Some years. I live in Brick-lane; I was never in the court but once before; I think there are only two or three houses there. Wright had a blue coat, trousers, and an apron; I saw nothing about him; I do not think his coat was buttoned up; he might have tobacco about him, and I not see him. I have put the tobacco altogether; he could not have 3lbs. I think.
COURT. Q. Would not the greater part of it go into two large breeches pockets? A. I should think so; his apron hung down before him.
WILLIAM COLLINS. I am a tobacco manufacturer

, and live in St. John-street



, in partnership with Samuel Fish; the prisoner Wright was employed in the finishing department of our manufactory
. On the morning of the 22d of October, I went with Keys to the house in the court in the Old Bailey, and saw Nightingale. Keys said, he had come for some tobacco, which he had just received - he said he had none, and that no man had been there; Keys said he must know of some which had just been brought; he then produced a small parcel. Keys said,"You have more than this;" he said "I have a little more," and then produced more in a jar; Keys said it was warm; I put my hand to it and found it so; we had been drying tobacco that morning, which would produce that sort of heat; we never send it out in that state; this tobacco is all alike, and I have no doubt of it being ours; I can tell it by the smell and flavour; I believe it to be ours; we manufactures by a peculiar process, and this is of a peculiar flavour.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Will you swear that it came from your place? A. I have no doubt of it being ours. I examined it at the time; we sell large quantities; it does not adhere to the hands by being handled; the men usually wash their hands when they leave work; I have handled a good deal, but never found it come off my hands by putting into my pocket; a man might have a particle stick to his hands; we allow each man 11/2 ozs. every Saturday night; it is our practice to search our men, but it is not always done.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What is the name of this court? A. Littlewood-court I believe - there is only a few houses there; it leads down from the coach-stand - I was not present all the time Keys was talking to Nightingale; when Keys said it was warm, he said, "It is, because it stands near the fire;" it was not near enough to arquire that heat - I think I should have known it to be mine, if I had seen it any where promiscuously - Wright generally wears an apron.
MR. QUIN. Q. How much might a person carry? A. I think he might carry 3 lbs. in his breeches, if his apron was down, without it being seen; except from being warm, that tobacco would be the same as the parcel.
WRIGHT's Defence. I went out with a man named Clark that morning; if I had tobacco about me, the witness must have seen it.
NIGHTINGALE's Defence. When they came to my house I showed the tobacco very readily - Mr. Collins was very rough; he took me by the shirt, and asked how I lost my arm; I told him in the field of honour abroad; he said I will now send you to the field of dishonour abroad. The fact is, the tobacco was smuggled.
FRANCIS KEYS re-examined. There was very little fire in Nightingale's room.
WRIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
NIGHTINGALE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
