





THIRD DAY, FRIDAY, APRIL 14.
381. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     CRIDLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of March
, one handkerchief, value 6 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry Coape 
                           Coates
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  COAPE COATES
               



            . I live in Essex-court, Temple. On the 14th of March, about half-past five o'clock in the afternoon, I was walking in the Strand


, near Somerset House. A boy pulled my arm, and said,
"Your pocket has been picked," I immediately felt, and missed my handkerchief. I pursued in the way he directed me, and found the prisoner in the custody of a constable, who produced my handkerchief.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ADAMS SMITH
               



            . I live at Purden; in Essex; I was in company with Mr. Coates. A boy came behind, and said his pocket had been picked, and the thieves had crossed the street. I joined in pursuit, and saw a man, who said two of them were gone one way, and one another. I saw the prisoner and a boy running upSwan-yard, and Mr. Coates called out Stop thief! I found the prisoner in custody of Webb, and saw my handkerchief picked up in the direction he had run.


                  HAMMOND 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am a constable. I was at tea in my house in Clare-court, heard the cry of Stop thief! ran to the door, and saw Mr. Smith following the prisoner, who was coming from Drury-lane towards Blackmore-street; just as he turned into Blackmore-street I saw him throw the handkerchief down, and secured him about fifteen yards off. A woman picked it up and gave it to me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
             Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
