





308. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BUFFERY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, 24 lbs. of lead, value 9 s., and one fixture, (i.e.) one brass cock, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , and being fixed to his dwelling-house
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live in Onslow-street, Castle-street


. The lead pipe was fixed in the yard at the house. I saw it safe on the 31st of October, at half-past five o'clock, and at six, I was informed it was gone. I have not found it. The prisoner lived in the neighbourhood.


                  CATHARINE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. I heard somebody in the passage, opened the yard door, and the prisoner was going into the yard; my girl asked where he was going, he said to the privy. About twenty minutes after, I was going down stairs, and saw him going out of the passage; I went into the yard and the property was gone.


                  CATHARINE 
                  SMITH
               



            , JUN. The prisoner asked me to let him go into the privy, he went, the property was fixed to the privy. After he went out, I missed the cock and lead. Nobody but him could take it; nobody was in the house but my mother.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COULTON
               



            . I am an officer. I took him in charge; he said distress drove him to it, and told me he sold the lead and cock in a court in Brook-street, Holborn, for 1 s. 2 d.
Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
