






442. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WHITTLE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SYMONDS
                  




               
             were indicted for that 


               they, on the 10th of February
, 24 lbs. of lead, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Gasking
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house, feloniously did cut, with intent to steal
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be fixed to a certain building of his.


                  ROBERT 
                  GASKING
               



            . I live in Backhouse-walk, Hoxton


. I saw the lead safe on the roof of my house, on the 10th of February in the morning.


                  MARY 
                  GASKING
               



            . On the 10th of February, about eight o'clock at night, I was told some men were on the roof; I went out, and saw two men rise off their knees. I called to know what they did there; they came down, and were secured.


                  ELIZA 
                  EVANS
               



            . I live near the house. I saw two men on the house, and told Mrs. Gasking; she came round, and saw them. I then saw one on the wall, and Symmons on the ground; he was laid hold of, and Whittle was on the wall; I know them to be the men.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. What opportunity had you of seeing them - A. It was moonlight.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I saw the prisoners on Gasking's house, and never lost sight of them till they were secured.


                  JOHN 
                  MASON
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoners in charge, went on the roof, and found about 24 lbs. of lead torn off, and rolled up, ready to be carried away - itwas quite fresh cut, but not separated. They said they were flying pigeons. I found a knife on them.
WHITTLE'S Defence. I leave it to the mercy of the Court.
WHITTLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SYMONDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Judgment Respited
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
