





1284. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LONG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of August
, a watch, value 30 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel Warburton 
                        Mitchell
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           James Alexander 
                           Mitchell
                        



.


                  JAMES 
                  ALEXANDER MITCHELL
               



            . I am the son of Samuel Warburton > Mitchell. On the 14th of August, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I was going along Hackney-road


. The prisoner came up, and snatched my watch out of my fob, and ran down Weymouth-terrace. I gave an alarm, and he was stopped before I lost sight of him. I am sure he is the man. The watch was picked up on the spot where he was taken, near the Duke of Wellington, public-house.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. What sort of a night was it - A. Not particularly light; there was nobody else about - he ran about a hundred yards.


                  MARIA 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I was with my brother. A man came from the road and snatched his watch - the case immediately dropped - I picked it up. The prisoner was stopped - but I cannot speak to him.


                  THOMAS 
                  FIELD
               



            . I keep the Duke of Wellington, public-house. An alarm was given. I ran out, and next morning I found the watch over Mr. Lambeth's wall, under which he was stopped.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer, and received him in charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I solemnly declare my innocence. I was going to see my aunt at Haggerston. I heard an alarm, and pursued the thief in the fields, fell down, and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
