





1867. 
               
                  MARY 
                  MAHONEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, 13 shillings, 60 pence, and 120 halfpence, the monies of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Richards
                     




                  , her master
            .
SAMUEL RICHARDS. I keep a public-house
 in Great Wild-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields


. On the 7th of June, the prisoner came into my service, and on the 17th of July, I marked a shilling and put it on the bar floor with a basket on it; there was a crooked halfpenny, andanother with two holes in it, in a 5s. paper on the sideboard - I missed them and two half-crowns off the shelf. On the 22d of July I found this shilling and the marked copper in the officer's possession - I had directed him to search for my daughter's cap, which was missing; a key of my bar was found in her room - Rawlings called me up stairs; I went up and called the prisoner - she was coming up, and when she got about half-way, she ran down; two women caught her and brought her up - I shewed her the money, and said "Now Mary, are you honest?" she fell on her knees and begged my pardon.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  RAWLINGS
               



            . I lodge at Richards. There was a search for the cap; I went into the prisoner's room and found a key of the bar, concealed in a rug in the cupboard - it opened the bar.


                  PHILIP 
                  RILEY
               



            . I am a beadle. I have a quantity of halfpence and silver which I found on the sacking of the bedstead in the prisoner's room; Richards pointed out these two halfpence and a shilling, which he said he had marked; I found another parcel of halfpence and a sixpence.
Prisoner's Defence. I often found money, and gave it him; I took this copper, and said I would frighten him, because he should not put money in my way any more; there was no key in my room, but his niece said to me,"There is a key in my room" - I took a key from there, it would not open my door, and I put it into the cupboard - they often mislaid keys; I did not know what door it would open - I found this copper on the club-room table.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
