






1208. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  COCKBURN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of April
, 1 sovereign
            , the money of 
               
                  Michael 
                  Forrest
               




            .
MICHAEL FORREST. I met the prisoner in Oxford-street


, on the 1st of April; she asked me to give her a pint of beer - we went into a public-house, and ordered some beer; I took one penny out of my right-hand waistcoat pocket; I put it on the table, and said I had not halfpence enough to pay for the beer: the landlord said, "If you call for beer, I expect you to pay for it, or I will take it back again;" I then took out a sovereign, laid it on the table, and said,"Take for it;" the prisoner took up the sovereign, and was making off with it; I said, "What are you going to do with that sovereign?" she said, "I have seen no sovereign; I seized her, and pulled her down - she got up, and got out; I followed her, and pulled her down again; I took her into the house, and the officer came and took her.


                  THOMAS 
                  TEIRNEY
               



            . I was at the public-house with two friends; the prosecutor and prisoner came in - they sat in the next box to me, and called for a pint of porter; he put down a penny-piece; they stood some time, and the landlord was going to take the beer back; the prosecutor then put down a sovereign, and said, "Take the price of the beer out of that;" the prisoner took it up, and made towards the door; the prosecutor pursued her, and they had a scuffle outside the bar; she got up, and made into the street - he pursued her, and brought her back.


                  ANGELIOUS 
                  BETRAUN
               



            . I took the prisoner; I searched her, but found no sovereign on her; she said she had had the sovereign, but had not got it, nor would she tell me who had got it - it has not been found; the prosecutor seemed sober.
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that the prosecutor had met her in St. Giles', and taken her to a public-house, where he changed a half-sovereign to pay for some beer and rum, and got intoxicated; he then took her to another house; and because she would not remain with him, he charged her with this offence.


                  MICHAEL 
                  FORREST
               



            . I went to no other house, and did not change a half-sovereign.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
