






447. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  BROWN
               




             and 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  DAVIS
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December
, 18 sovereigns, and 1 guinea, the monies of 
                     
                        William 
                        Salt
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. WILLIAM SALT. I was on my way to Canonbury-square, and met Brown in Long-lane


, a little after twelve o'clock at night, on the 9th of January; she walked sometimes before and sometimes behind - Davis had been in my company some time - I stood talking with Brown a few minutes, under an archway: I dropped my stick, and in stooping to pick it up, it is very likely my purse might have fallen out of my pocket; I had taken it out of my breeches pocket a short time before, and put into my waistcoat pocket - to the best of my knowledge there were nineteen sovereigns and one guinea in it; when I missed it, I gave notice to the watchman; I cannot swear whether I dropped it or not - I think I must; I was rather intoxicated.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had Davis left you then? A. Yes; she had nothing to do with it.
Prisoner BROWN. He had to do with me under, the gateway, and dropped the purse; I took it up, and ran home with it. Witness. Upon my oath, I did not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOOPER
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 9th of January Mr. Salt gave me information; I knew the prisoners, and about half-past two o'clock I took Brown, going up to her own house; I followed her, and she said, "Watchman, it is all right, you shall have part - don't make a noise;" I said, "Very well, come in, and we will talk about it;" I went in, and in a corner of her shawl I found seven sovereigns, one guinea, and some memorandums; Davis was apprehended between five and six o'clock in the evening, in Cow-cross, and 3l. 16s. 6d. found on her.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I assisted in taking Davis; I have brought the money here.


                  SAMUEL 
                  YATES
               



            . I am a watchman. I went with Hooper, and took Brown.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SALT
               



            . These memorandums are mine, and were in the purse with my money.
BROWN'S Defence. I looked at what was in the purse, and I dropped some of them near the door where I live; I told Davis to wait at the corner of the street, but she was gone.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DAVIS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
