





1235. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HARNETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of June
, 2 pewter pots, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Williamson
                     



                  ; and 1 pewter pot, value 1s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Tomsey
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . I am a publican

, and have lost a great many pots. I saw two of my post at High-street office on the 7th of June.
JOSEPH TOMSEY. I am a publican. I found one of my pots at the office.


                  THOMAS 
                  BLAKE
               



            . I live in Westmoreland-street. On the 7th of June, at half-past eight o'clock, a person came and told my mistress the prisoner had taken some pots from the doors in the street - I followed her, and in Little Mary-lebone-street I asked her if she had taken a pot off therailing; she said she had not been in the street - I followed her on to Bulstrode-street; she there called another woman - I saw she had something in her apron before she spoke to that woman.


                  ISAAC 
                  HILL
               



            . I was going along Welbeck-street, and this lad called me to follow the prisoner down to Old Cavendish-street, and on to Shepperd-street - I then went and asked what she had got; she gave me one pot of Mr. Tomsey's and said, "Let me go" - the boy said she had some more, and I found a quart and a pint pot of Mr. Williamson's in her apron.
Prisoner. I told you to stop the woman in the red cloak; she gave me them to hold. Witness. There was a woman in a red cloak who spoke to the prisoner, but I did not know where she was gone - I did not see the prisoner and the woman meet, but they were speaking together.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 69.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
