





361. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of January
, two seals, value 3 l. one key, value 30 s., and part of a watch chain, value 30 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Sampson 
                        Israel
                     




                  , from his person
            .
SAMPSON ISRAEL. I am an appraiser
, and live in Maiden-lane, Covent-Garden. On Sunday evening, the 6th of January, between nine and ten o'clock in the evening, I was in Fleet-street


, just at the end of Bridge-street, on the market side, I observed the prisoner and two others coming towards me - I am sure of his person - they made a pause within two or three yards of me; I passed on one side to give them room, they let me pass; I went on five or six steps, turned my head, and saw the same men standing still talking together, and looking towards me - my seals were visible. I quickened my pace, and after going ten or twelve steps; they turned and passed me; I then lost sight of them until I got to Wine Office-court, when I again saw them; they were returning to meet me, and before I could recover from my surprise, one of them (not the prisoner) made a snatch at my watch, my fob was twisted inside, and the chain broke, through the violence of the pull. I attempted to seize the man, when the prisoner and the other got round me; the prisoner put his hands against me, and prevented my following the man with my seals; he ran up Hind-court, and the prisoners followed him; I pursued, and on going up the court I received a kick from one of them, near my groin, which prevented my following for a few seconds; I then followed, but lost sight of them in Gough-square. I ran down a court, leading to Shoe-lane, and rose an alarm; I turned back, came into Fleet-street, went into the court, and saw two men looking for something on the ground; one of them, who was very intent on looking, did not see me, but the others did, and gave a signal; he ran towards Fleet-street, the light reflected on his features, and I identified him; it was the prisoner. I had seen him three times by a good light, and am certain of him; he had prevented my pursuing the thief. I then attempted to seize him, and said,
"Now I have one of you at any rate;" he replied,
"Have you, ***** you, then take that," and gave me a tremendous blow on my back. I had a stick in my hand - I cannot say whether the blow did not come from my stick, by his knocking against me. He ran back up the court. I followed, and from an alarm I gave, a gentleman stopped him; when I came up, he was just rising from the ground, trying to get away. I rose my stick to strike him, and the gentleman; thinking me one of the party, let him go; he was finally secured. I am sure of his being the man. It was a moon-light night, and there was a strong light from the fish shop.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARSH
               



            . I am an engraver, and live in Gough-square. About a quarter before ten o'clock at night, I was sitting in my parlour, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I went out, and seized a person at my door, who said,
"There he goes!" In consequence of which, I let him go. I saw a great many people coming and heard somebody had been robbed - I went in again - I have no recollection of his person. Five minutes after I heard the alarm again, I went out, and heard footsteps coming from Hind-court, and made to the corner leading to King's Head-court, and seized a person about the size of the prisoner, who was running up; we wrestled, and were both on the ground, when the prosecutor came up, and said,
"I have got you now," and lifted up his stick. I suspected him, held up my arm to protect myself, and the person escaped from me. I found the prisoner at the watch-house, and believe him to be the man.
Prisoner. Q. Was it possible for him to see me at the bottom of the court? - A. Undoubtedly; the Cheshire-cheese, public-house, was open, and the shell-fish shop.


                  JOHN 
                  BALLARD
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house. I found nothing on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I came down Fleet-street, and turned up the court for a necessary purpose. I found my shoe loose, and stooped to tie it up; and as I rose, the prosecutor collared me, and said,
"I have you, you are the man who robbed me." He struck me across the eye with his stick, and I struck him; he sang out
"Thieves and murder." I ran up the court, and some person laid hold of me. I knew nothing of the robbery. There is no lamp near the court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
