






92. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SCROGGINS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of October
, 5 handkerchiefs, value 14s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Trotter
                  




               
            .


                  THEODORE 
                  KIRBY
               



            . I am in the service of George Trotter, a linen-draper
, of Whitechapel-road


. On the 30th of October, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, the two prisoners came into our shop; I had seen them before, and concealed myself at the end of the shop, to watch them - they asked for silk handkerchiefs, and were shewn several pieces; I saw Phillips take a piece containing five handkerchiefs from under a piece which they were looking at - as he attempted to put it into his pocket they came unfolded - they were shewn several pieces afterwards, and when they were going out I came down, and took the handkerchiefs from Phillips; they were in his hand, which was down by the side of the counter - when I went to take him he said, "There are some down here;" they had been in the shop full half an hour - it was full a quarter of an hour after Phillips took the handkerchiefs; Scroggins was nearest to the shop door - he could see what Phillips was doing; they were both looking at the handkerchiefs.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Who else was in the shop? A. Only my shopman; no other customers - the shop is perhaps a dozen yards long; I saw no other boy in the shop - when I took hold of Phillips, Scroggins ran away; I do not know which asked the price.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ASHFORD
               



            . I am an officer. I went to the shop, and took Phillips into custody; I took Scroggins nearly three hours afterwards - these handkerchiefs were given me by Mr. Trotter.
Phillips' Defence. I was going to get a place - a lad named Beaumont overtook me, and said he was going to buy a handkerchief; I went with him, and one piece fell off the counter - I took it in my hand, and was going to give it to them.


                  ANN 
                  BROWN
               



            . On the 30th of October I saw Scroggins at home at a quarter-past nine o'clock in the morning, and from that to twenty minutes after; I lodge in the same house with his father, and have lodged there twelve months.
COURT. Q.Where does his father and mother live? A.At No. 18, Wood's-buildings, Whitechapel-road; he had not been out that morning, he had been at home - he went out about twenty minutes after nine; he had been before that cleaning his shoes in the kitchen - he got up at near eight o'clock, to the best of my recollection; it was near ten o'clock when I went out - this is about a quarter of a mile from Mr. Trotter's; I do not know that I ever saw Phillips.


                  THEODORE 
                  KIRBY
               



            . I am quite sure Scroggins was one of the boys - I had seen him before passing the house; they did not buy any thing.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ASHFORD
               



            . When I took them one had 22s., and the other had something.
PHILLIPS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
SCROGGINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
