





Before Mr. Baron Garrow.
1904. 
               
                  
                     HUGH 
                     BAGLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
, 4 stoves, value 36s.; 1 pair of covings, value 2s.; 1 range, value 5s.; 1 copper, value 1l.; 5 locks, value 10s.; 2 brass cocks, value 2s., and 9 feet of leaden pipe, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Reardon
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building of his; against the Statute
            .


                  JAMES 
                  REARDON
               



            . I live in Sparrow-corner, and am proprietor of a house, No, 72, Regent-street


. About a fortnight after Midsummer-day the prisoner called at my house with a man, who said his name was Trueman; Trueman said he wished to take my house - I let it to him at 26l. a year; they both called about a month after - Trueman said his father had died in Staffordshire, that he would pay me 15s. for rent, and that the prisoner would take the house from that time; I agreed to let it him for the rest of the quarter, at the same rent - there were six rooms, and a stove in each, a copper, a quantity of brass, and a leaden pipe leading from the sink; he was to have the use of them- I afterwards saw these articles at Miller's, in Orchard-street; I had never given the prisoner, nor any body, permission to remove them - I expected to find them as fixtures at the end of the quarter; I found two stoves at Miller's - I went to the premises, the leaden pipe and all the stoves were gone.
Prisoner. Did you see the house when I took it; I put the pipe there myself - it was in dreadful repair: I put a flooring down, and repaired the wash-house. Witness. After I let it to Trueman I went and saw all correct, about a month after I let it; I was not on the premises after that: when the prisoner proposed to become a tenant, he did not state that any thing had been taken away, or complain at all.


                  JAMES 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am a locksmith, and live at No. 38, Orchard-street. The prisoner came to my house on the evening of the 24th of September, and asked if I would purchase a range and stove; he said I must come directly, for he wanted to give up the key to the landlord, and I must bring something to carry them - I took a cart to the house in Regent-street, and purchased the stoves which stood in the fire-places, but unfixed: I bought nothing else -Reardon afterwards saw and claimed them.
Prisoner. There were two ranges; one remained - I acknowledge I had a private still in the house, and there was no place to fix the range.
JAMES REARDON. Four stoves were taken away - a range and a stove remained.


                  DAVID 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner, and heard him say he wanted more money for the stoves, and that Miller had not paid him.
Prisoner's Defence. It is a conspiracy against me, and useless for me to say any thing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
