





1295. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  VEAL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of September
, a bolster, value 7 s.; a pillow, value 2 s.; a pillow-case, value 1 s.; a table-cloth, value 1 s.; a sofa-cover, value 1 s.; a sheet, value 1 s.; three books, value 2 s.; a jug, value 2 d.; a towel, value 6 d.; a blanket, value 5 s., and a coat, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Ferguson
                     



                  ; a cap, value 5 s.; three chimney-ornaments, value 1 s.; two glasses, value 6 d.; a box, value 2 d.; a chisel, value 2 d.; a screw-driver, value 2 d., and a rule, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  King
               



            .
GEORGE FERGUSON. I am a haberdasher
, and live in Brick-lane, Spitalfields - those articles are mine - they were in a summer-house of mine in a garden at Hoxton


 - I had locked them up there at eight o'clock on the evening of the 1st of September - I went there next morning about seven, and missed them - I saw them again at the office, about eleven o'clock, that day.
ROBERT KING. I had a cap, and some other articles, in a summer-house in an adjoining garden.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I lodge at the Crown and Sceptre public-house. On the morning of the 2d of September I was in Mr. Thacey's garden. I saw the prisoner and another person in a garden adjoining the prosecutor's - one of them had a bundle in his arm, but I am not certain which; for as soon as they saw me they both ran off - they left the bundle in Mr. Saul's garden - I saw the prisoner's back, so as to know him again - they got over a fence and a gate - the other got over it, but the prisoner broke it down - I was not then above three feet from him - I had kept my eye on him from the first moment I saw him till he got to the gate, except in going round a corner - I opened a gate which led into East-street, and saw him running very fast - Adams stopped him - we took him to the watch-house, and I took the watchman to the place where I first saw him, where we found the bundle which is here produced - it appeared to be the same which I had seen the man first carrying.


                  EDWARD 
                  ADAMS
               



            . On the 2d of September I was on the pits, going to work. I saw the prisoner going along the other side of the way, and went and collared him - he was not running - he said, "Pray don't stop me, I have only been having a bit of a game in a garden."


                  JOSEPH 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I am a watchman. Phillips took me to a garden, where I found the bundle.


                  GEORGE 
                  MEADOWS
               



            . I opened the bundle, and searched the prisoner. I found on him two little bits; and the bundle, which was sworn to by the prosecutor. I found a knife belonging to Mr. King in his pocket.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
