





584. 
               
                  
                     JONATHAN 
                     NICHOLSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, one pair of shoes, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Worster
                        



                     
                  ; one gown, value 7 s.; one shift, value 3 s.; one scarf, value 7 s.; one neck handkerchief, value 3 s.; one lace frill, value 4 s.; one handkerchief, value 1 s., and 15 s. in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Page
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WORSTER
               



            . I keep the Three Crowns, public-house, Dowgate-hill




. On the 26th of February the prisoner came to lodge at my house for one night, and paid 1 s. before. About one o'clock in the morning I shewed him up. The shoes were in the servant's room on the same floor as he slept, in an old trunk not locked - he did not come down stairs till three o'clock in the afternoon; the girl went up in the evening and complained she had lost some things. He was apprehended on the 14th of March with my shoes on his feet, and the key of the servant's box in his pocket.


                  SARAH 
                  PAGE
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Worster. I went to bed about twelve o'clock, and got up about seven o'clock in the morning - I went into my room about six o'clock in the evening, and missed the property stated in the indictment from my box, which was not locked. I have found nothing but the key of the box; it was in a drawer in the room - every thing was safe when I got up in the morning; nobody but a young man lodged in the house, and he left before I got up.


                  ROBERT 
                  DADY
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner on the 14th of March, in Upper Thames-street. He denied being at the house; but when I took him there, he recollected the house. I took the shoes off his feet, and three keys from his pocket - Page claimed one which unlocked her box.
(Shoes and Key produced and sworn to).
The prisoner put in a written defence, pleading distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
