







531. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PERKINS
               




            , 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JEFFERSON
               




            , and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  COWLING
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of February
, four live pigs, value 4 l.
            , the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Hart
               




            .
MR. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.


                  HENRY 
                  WILLIS
               



            . I live with Mr. George Hart - he is a miller
, at Stratford


. It was part of my duty to look after his pigs - they were kept in the stye, close by the house. On Saturday, the 12th of February, I saw them safe about seven o'clock in the evening, fed them, and fastened the stye. I had had the care of them for ten days, and knew them well - I missed them about ten on Sunday morning, and traced the steps of two of them for about thirty rods, but no further; there is a ditch there, over which there is a plank; if they had crossed the ditch and the marsh, they might have got into Old-Ford road. I saw four pigs in the custody of Carter, on Wednesday, the 16th, and knew them to be Mr. Hart's pigs - they had been scalded. There was a very particular mark about the ear of one of the biggest.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. They had lost the greater part of their hair; my master bought them of Mr. Downer, of Romford. There are more store pigs in that neighbourhood; but I can swear to them - they had black marks, which I had seen while they lived.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. Were two of them larger than the others? A. Yes; and it was them I chiefly knew.


                  DANIEL 
                  REDFORD
               



            . I am a butcher, and live in High-street, Shadwell. Perkins came to my house last Monday, and asked if I wanted to buy any pigs; I said I should have no objection, but I did not care much about it, it being the beginning of the week - he said he had got four pigs. I asked where they were; he said they were at the Quaker's house, which escaped the fire at Ratcliff, in Butcher-row; I said I would go and see them. I went up in the evening and looked at them; I saw four hangingup - I saw Perkins only; he asked me a crown a stone for them, without their heads and feet; I asked him what he would have for them with their heads and feet on; he said 4 s. 9 d.; I bid him 4 s. 6 d. for the two smaller ones - I asked him who they belonged to; he said to Mr. Jefferson, who was not there - I said if Mr. Jefferson would take that for them, I would have them. Perkins and Jefferson brought them down to my house that night - I paid him for them, and went to Mr. Seamon's to have them weighed - I hung them up in front of my shop that night, and put a clean cloth before them. Carter came next morning and took them away.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Jefferson? A. Yes; he has a good character, as far as I know; he was in my employ three quarters of a year ago; I believe he dealt in pigs and other things. Perkins said he supposed they were fed on pease, for there were pease in their inside.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SEAMONS
               



            . I am a butcher, and live in High-street, Shadwell, near Mr. Redford's. On Monday last, Jefferson and another man came to my house with Mr. Redford, to weigh two pigs; after they were weighed, the two men said they had got two more; I asked what they wanted for them; they said 4 s. 9 d. a stone; I said I would go and look at them. I went to a house, which they said was the Quaker's house, which was not burnt down at the time of the great fire. I saw the pigs in a stable; I saw all the three prisoners there - I asked them again what they would take for them; they said 4 s. 9 d.; I told them the most I would give was 4 s. 6 d. It was Jefferson who spoke to me, and I believe it was him who agreed to take it; he brought one to my house, and one of the other prisoners (I do not know which) brought the other; they weighed 12 st. 3 lb. - I told them to go to Mr. Ottey's, the public-house, and I would come and pay them - an officer came as soon as they were gone; I went with him to the public-house, and the prisoners were taken into custody. The pigs were fairish meat; what I gave was a very fair price - I did not ask how they got them.


                  RICHARD 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am an officer. I took the three prisoners into custody at Mr. Ottey's, the Coach and Horses public-house, High-street, Shadwell. Cowling had then a white smock-frock on; Jefferson had a long dark frock; Perkins had a white flannel jacket, velveteen breeches, and worsted stockings. I told Jefferson I took him on suspicion of stealing four pigs - he said he had bought them at Whalebone-gate, near Romford. I went and got two pigs from Mr. Redford's, and two from Mr. Seamon's shop. Willis saw them on Tuesday or Wednesday, and knew them at once, and swore they were his master's.
Cross-examined. Q. Perkins said he was hired by Jefferson to carry the pigs? A. Yes; Cowling said the same.


                  JAMES 
                  FOGG
               



            . I am an officer. Carter sent for me; I searched the prisoners, and took away the money, 2 l. 14 s., which Jefferson said he had received from Redford.


                  STEPHEN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I was at Stratford, on the 12th of February, about one o'clock. I am a labourer on Westham marshes; I saw three men walking jovially together smoking their pipes, between the Wide-way, Stratford, and Bow-bridge; one of them had an oil-skin hat, a long brown smock-frock, and blue trowsers; another, a short white smock-frock, and brown trowsers; the other, a flannel jacket and velveteen breeches. I did not observe their faces.
JEFFERSON'S Defence. I was at a pot-house till six o'clock at night, and then I went home.
PERKINS's Defence. I was desired by this man to carry the pig to the butcher's.
PERKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
JEFFERSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
COWLING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
