





1517. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HAYNES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Blankford
                        



                     
                  , about six o'clock in the forenoon of the 23d of August
, (
                     
                        Ann 
                        Floyer
                     



                   and others being therein), and stealing therein two gowns, value 15 s; a shawl, value 10 s.; a bonnet, value 18 s., and a hat, value 18 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Floyer
                  



               
            .


                  ANN 
                  FLOYER
               



            . I am a widow
, and lodge at 
               
                  John 
                  Langford
               



            's, Little Earl-street, Seven-dials


. I have the second floor front room. On the the 23d of August, about five o'clock in the morning, I awoke, and these things were then safe in my room; I fell asleep, and awoke again at seven, and they were gone; my daughter was in bed with me: my son goes out at half-past five, and he unlocked the door - the house is all let out; the prisoner is a stranger.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY LLOYD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the the 24th of August, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to pawn a gown; but having had information, I stopped it; he ran out, leaving it behind, but a watchman was coming by, and stopped him; and in about three minutes a duplicate was brought to me belonging to Graham and Co.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not ask you to let me go out, as the woman was outside who gave it to me to pawn - A. No; he said it belonged to his wife, who lived in Daker-street: I said I should go to Daker-street, and he immediately ran out.


                  ANN 
                  FLOYER
               



            . I live with my mother, and was asleep when this happened; one gown hung by the bed-side, the other was on the table - and the other things about the room.


                  LEONARD 
                  NEEDES
               



            . I am shopman to Graham and Co. On the 24th of August the prisoner pawned a gown for 3 s. 6 d. about half-past three o'clock in the afternoon, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Harris
               



            .
Prisoner. Q. Did I not come in twice about it - A. He came in first and asked 4 s. on it; I said I could lend but 3 s. 6 d., which he refused, but came in two or three minutes, and said he would take it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  TIMBRELL
               



            . I am a constable. I took him into custody at Lloyd's.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I was in the neighbourhood of Seven-dials; a woman who was frequently in company with me, came and asked where I was going; I said to Westminster; she said she was going that way, and in Tothill-street she asked me to pawn the gown for 4 s. - they would lend but 3 s. 6 d.; she told me to return and take it, and to pawn it in the name of Harris - she gave me sixpence for my pains; she offered me 6 d. more to pawn the other; I said I hoped she had come honestly by them - she said I might depend upon that; I asked her to come with me, but she would not; I said she was at the door, and would fetch her; two men followed me; I desired them to follow behind, that she should not go away; but she was gone.
- LLOYD. I saw nobody waiting outside.
GUILTY. Aged 20.
Of 


               stealing to the amount of 39 s. only, but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
