






127. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     OVEREND
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     SKINNER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of November
, four handkerchiefs, value 2 s.; two frocks, value 3 s.; two caps, value 6 d.; a frill, value 1 d.; a ruff, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Lyall
                        



                     
                  ; and a gown, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Caroline 
                           Lyall
                        



                     
                  , from the person of the said 
                     
                        George 
                        Lyall
                     



.


                  GEORGE 
                  LYALL
               



            . I am a gardener
, and live at Kensington


. On the 10th of November I came to town, and was returning, a little before twelve o'clock at night, and passing the Palace gate


; I had a bundle containing these things on my left arm, and my wife on my right; a snatch was made at the bundle, and a second snatch got it away and turned me round, and I saw two soldier

s in the road - they were the prisoners; I ran after them, and the one who had the bundle fell in the middle of the road; my bundle fell, and his cap fell off; I grasped at him, and the other struck me a blow which stunned me for a short time, but I got up, grasped at him, and then the other recovered himself, and struck me again; and the one I had hold of called out, "Kill the b - r, - kill him!" I hallooed out Watch! and they both set off; snatched up the bundle, and ran down Love-lane into the fields; I followed them, but returned to my wife - picked up my own hat and the soldier's cap. I am positive that Overend is the man who struck me.
Q. Were you not asked by the Magistrate if you could identify them, and said you could not - A. I told the Magistrate it was dark; but I am sensible of one, and do not see why I should favour him. I said I would not swear to them - not that I could not. I have kept the cap ever since, and produce it.


                  MARY 
                  LYALL
               



            . I am the wife of the prosecutor. I came home with him. I know very little about this, for the moment I missed my husband I fainted. I only know that the bundle was snatched from him by two soldiers - I saw them struggling with him on the ground, and the soldier dropped his hat. The bundle contained the articles stated in the indictment.


                  JOHN 
                  BARKER
               



            . I am a coach-painter, and live at Kensington. About twelve o'clock on the night in question, I was coming home towards Love-lane, and in the fields by Cromwell House (I and four more were together), just on this side of the house we met Overend, and five yards further up came Skinner, very fast; Overend had a bundle in his arms; they passed us; I followed them; Overend got into a ditch, and Skinner ran against a bar. I followed Overend and caught him - he was throwing the things away as he went along; I picked up part of them, and saw Skinner secured before I followed Overend.


                  ROBERT 
                  DUNN
               



            . I picked up some of the things in the lane - I live close by, and was called out of my bed.
OVEREND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
SKINNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
