





1203. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  ARNOLD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of April
, 1 gown, value 2s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Brame
               




            , spinster
.
ANN BRAME. I am single, and in the service of Mr. Beatson, of Kentish-town


. On the evening of the 23d of April some things hung out on the lines in the yard, and, among the rest, my gown; they were left out all night, and in the morning my gown was gone.


                  JOHN 
                  ELLIOTT
               



            . I was at work at the back of these premises, and found this gown concealed under some bricks; I took it up, and found where it was lost from; I know nothing of the prisoner - it was about two hundred yards from the prosecutrix's master's premises.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DODSON
               



            . Elliott found this gown on my premises, as he was making the head of a sewer at the back of Mr. Beatson's - we afterwards found another bundle tied up; I saw the prisoner at near eight o'clock the same evening - he came and removed the bricks which had been covered over the gown; I went to him, and he tried to get into a gentleman's garden - I said he must come with me, and took him to the watch-house; he was known by the watch-house-keeper; he said to me, "Is there anything amiss?" - that was almost all he said; there was no one with him.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you see that there were two others with me? A. No, not in that field - there were in the other field.


                  GEORGE 
                  BROWN
               



            . I have a gown, which I received from Dodson with the prisoner in charge; I told Dobson to wait for whoever came to the bricks.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. There was a robbery committed some nights before, as they told me, but I know nothing about it; it is very hard that I should be brought here because I happened to be crossing the field to get a job of work - I was to meet a person who was to tell me of one.
GEORGE BROWN. There is no foot-way across these fields. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
