





158. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     GEE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of November
, a crown piece, two shillings, and a sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Cheesman
                        




                     
                   from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  CHEESMAN
               



            . On the 11th of November, I was by the Eagle Tavern, City Road


; it was the day Hunt came there. While he was getting out of the carriage I felt the prisoner's hand in my pocket. I seized him by the collar. He drew his hand out of my pocket, and I heard the money fall to the ground. There was a crown, and two shillings, I endeavoured to pick it up, but other people did that. I only got two-pence.
Prisoner. Q. Was any body near you except me - A. Not on that side. I was wedged up till the carriage moved on, and at that instant he put his hand into my pocket. He said if I would let him go, he would go quietly - I let him go; he up with his fist, and knocked me backwards; but I got hold of him, and the gang pushed me about, but I kept my hold.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BOGGIS
               



            . I was in the crowd, and saw the prisoner at the right elbow of the prosecutor - he drew his hand out of his pocket, and the money fell from him the moment the prosecutor collared him.
Prisoner. Q. Which side was you - A. Behind you both. He let the money fall - I did not see the money.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I was coming out of Bunhill-row, and on returning saw a mob in Bath-street - there was a cry of
"rescue." I collared the prisoner.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not go quietly - A. Yes; when I laid hold of him, he said he was quite tired of being pulled about. and would go quietly.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
