





1274. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MOSS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of May
, 9 lbs. weight of silk, value 10l., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Dickinson
                     




                  , his master
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM DICKINSON. I am a silk-mercer
 and have a dye-house in the City-road


 - the prisoner was in my service. On the 1st of May, I missed 7lbs. 6ozs. of thread silk, from the dye-house; it was offered at my own warehouse in the City next day for sale - this is it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What silk do you call it? A. Twist silk; there is no private mark on it - I have no partner.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am an officer. On Saturday the 3rd of May I was fetched to Mr. Dickinson's warehouse - Bamber was offering this silk for sale; I detained him, and from what he said, I went to Pitkin's, who went with us to the dye-house and took the prisoner - I told him I suspected him of stealing some silk; he denied it - I told him he had been seen to take a parcel out of the stable; he said the boy Roe had seen him put it into the stable - Roe said the prisoner had asked him for the key, and taken a bundle out, but he had not seen him put it in; the stable is under the dye-house - there is a loft over it; I asked the prisoner what he had done with the bundle which he took out; he said it was only some shirts he had to wash - that he had taken it to a butcher whose wife washed for him; I then told him the silk had been found - he made no reply; his master said "How could you think of robbing me. when I have taken you from a state of starvation?" he was dreadfully agitated, and said "I am starving now sir."


                  ROBERT 
                  TYRRELL
               



            . I am an officer. I was present on the 2d of May with Martin and Pitkin; In consequence of what I heard, I apprehended Richard Demnan - I took this handkerchief from Bamber; I did not see the prisoner.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ROE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Horton, who has a stable under Mr. Dickinson's dye-house, which is a sort of a loft over the stable; there is a hole, by which you can go front the stable into the loft, and a ladder outside, which goes up to the loft door; on the Thursday, there was silk of all kinds in the loft, and on Friday morning, while I was at breakfast, the prisoner came and asked me for the key of the stable; I asked what he wanted it for - he did not say, but said he would not keep it a minute; I went and unlocked the door - he went behind the door and took up a bundle in a blue handkerchief; he put it inside his coat, and went into the yard directly - I had been in the stable from six till eight o'clock that morning, but had not seen the bundle there then; Mr. Dickinson's men go to breakfast at eight o'clock - I went at the same time and locked the stable door; the bundle was by the side of a truss of hay, just under the hole which leads to the loft - when he came from breakfast, I asked him what was in the bundle; he said two shirts and two pairs of stockings, which he took to a man at the corner to be washed.


                  FRANCIS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am in Mr. Dickinson's employ, at his warehouse in Lad-lane. On Saturday, the 2d of May, I came into the warehouse while Bamber was offering this silk for sale.


                  JOHN 
                  BAMBER
               



            . I offered this bundle of silk for sale - it was given to me by Mr. Gilbert, my employer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILBERT
               



            . I am a silk-manufacturer and live at No. 23, Fort-street, Spitalfields. On the Friday eveningPitkin came to my house to dispose of this silk; he said it was for a person in distress, who had a bill to pay on the following day - I gave it to Bamber; I afterwards sent for Pitkin, and he very readily went for me to the warehouse where Bamber was detained.


                  JOHN 
                  HEMSHAW
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Dickinson. This silk is my manufacture, to the best of my belief; the dye-house is a loft over the stable; I missed the silk from there about eleven o'clock in the afternoon - it had been there several days; there is a hole from the loft into the stable; Moss was employed on the premises for several weeks.
Cross-examined. Q. It is not very east to swear to silk? A. No; but I believe it to be mine - there is not much of this made in London.
GEORGE PHILLIPS. I am ostler to Mr. Dickinson. On this Friday Moss was loading a cart of rubbish with me; I saw him go for Roe, and go into the stable - he came out with a bundle; and in the evening I noticed some silk, similar to this in his hat - it is here; I asked what he was going to do with it; he said he was going round to two or three places with it for Mr. Dickinson.
MR. DICKINSON. I never sent him out with the silk.


                  THOMAS 
                  PITKIN
               



            . I am a silk manufacturer. I employed Gilbert to sell this silk; I received it from the prisoner that day - I did not know whether he was a master or what; he said he had some silk which came from a gentleman in the country, and asked if I knew anybody who could dispose of it - he gave me about 8lbs., I took it to Gilbert.
Cross-examined. Q. You cannot swear this is the silk? A. No. I believe it to be the same; it was exactly these colours - I am not in the habit of selling silk for strangers; I had known him about nine days, but never sold anything for him before; he asked if I knew who would buy it - I expected to have about 6d. in the pound commission, which is usual. I have been in custody ever since: I did not ask where he lived - he came to my house, into my kitchen; my wife was not present - I did not expect him to come; I had never been at Mr. Dickinson's dye-house, and was never in custody before: he was to come in the evening for the money; I asked Gilbert to sell it for me.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was the silk you took to Gilbert the same as the prisoner brought you? A. Yes - I was taken up for receiving it.
ROBERT TYRRELL. I received this parcel of silk from Pitkin's brother.
WILLIAM GILBERT. Pitkin brought me both these parcels of silk.


                  JOHN 
                  PITKIN
               



            . I am Thomas Pitkin's brother. Mr. Gilbert sent for me, and said there was a parcel of silk of my brother's, and asked me to take it to him; I took it to his house, and gave it to his wife; it remained there two or three days - Tyrrell was with me, and got it again.
- PITKIN. I am wife of Thomas Pitkin. I delivered the silk back to the officer, which John Pitkin gave me.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you any silks in your own house? A. Yes, a variety of colours, but not the same as this; I did not see Moss.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
