





530. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     BULLARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of November
, one counterpane, value 10 s.; three pillows, value 9 s.; one pair of blankets, value 7 s.; one pair of sheets, value 4 s.; one pair of candlesticks, value 2 s., and two irons, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Summers
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  SARAH 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . I live in Grenville-street, Somers Town


. I got a situation, and let my room furnished to the prisoner, at 4 s. per week; she went in about the 2d of November, and left about the 14th, she paid me part of one week's rent. These things were let with the lodging - I have found a pillow and blanket.


                  MARY 
                  RUBRIDGE
               



            . My husband keeps the house. Summers took an empty room of me; she furnished it, and as she was going to service, she let it to the prisoner. She came on the 2d of November, and on the 14th, she left the place - she said she was an ironer.


                  MARTHA 
                  CLEMENCE
               



            . The prisoner came to my shop, in November; she said she was distressed, and asked me to buy a duplicate of a pillow - I bought it of her for 3 s. 6 d., she took me to the pawnbroker to see it.
WILLIAM WOBRAND. I live in Phoenix-street, Somers Town. The prisoner asked me to buy a blanket - she said she was distressed, and going into the country, and assured me it was her own. I gave her 7 1/2 d. for it; this was in November.
HENRY M'DONELL. I am a pawnbroker, and live at Battle-bridge. On the 7th of November, the prisoner pawned a pillow for 7 s. On the 15th of November, the prosecutrix claimed it. She pawned other things which were redeemed.



                  DANIEL 
                  DUTCH
               



            . I am an officer. I went round to the pawnbrokers, and found the things.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. They were nothing in the room when I took it. The mistress of the house had a key, and could go in when she liked.



               GUILTY
             Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
