






1898. 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  BREWER
               




             & 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  SQUIRES
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of October
, 1 sheet, value 2s., and 1 gown, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Brown
               




            .
ELIZABETH BROWN. I am a widow
, and live in a cottage at Wilsden


. On the 19th of October, about eleven o'clock, I hung a gown and a sheet on the line in my garden - I went out between twelve and one, and missed them; I saw Squires creeping through the bushes - he gave a white bundle to Brewer; I cried Stop thief! they both ran across the meadow; Howard went after them, and brought back the property. I had seen the prisoners pass the house, on the high road, but never spoke to them.


                  EDWARD 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I live next door to Brown. I heard her cry out that she had lost her things; I pursued, and got sight of the two prisoners, who were standing under a hedge, buttoning up their clothes; I advanced towards them, and they ran into another field - I called Stop thief! I lost sight of them for a moment, and on turning the corner of a hedge, in the way they were running, I picked up these articles - they were pursued and taken.


                  SARAH 
                  MILLAR
               



            . I was passing the house, and saw the prisoners get over the hedge and come back; I saw Squires hand the bundle to the other, and then he handed him over the hedge; they ran across the field; I am quite sure of them.(Property produced and sworn to.)
BREWER'S Defence. A man came after me for breaking the hedge, and I saw a man come out of the garden with something in his hand - I was following him, and they said I had been in the garden, but I had not.
BREWER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
SQUIRES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
