






744. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     ERRIDGE
                  




               
             & 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     OAKLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of March
, 18lbs. of mutton, value 12s., and 14 lbs. of beef, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Bellringer
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  BELLRINGER
               



            . I am a butcher
, and live in the Strand


, near the New church. Oakley was in my employ, and I have seen the other prisoner in the neighbourhood. On the 13th of March I missed a leg of mutton, and on the 14th I missed two legs; I marked all the meat I had on the 17th, and set two officers to watch till the 21st, when two legs of mutton and a piece of beef were produced, which I can swear to.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What mark did you put upon them? A. A particular mark in the cutting.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a constable of Bow-street. -On the 16th of March I was told what had passed, and watched till the following Saturday morning; I saw Erridge in the constant habit of lurking about the premises, while Mr. Bellringer was at market - I can swear to his being there every morning but the Tuesday. On the Saturday morning I placed myself in a hackney-coach, and between six and seven o'clock I saw a little nephew of the prosecutor's go out with a jug, for some coffee - directly afterwards I saw Oakely come out and beckon for some one to go to the shop; I directly saw Erridge go to the shop: I distinctly saw he had nothing in his hand when he went in - he was in the shop from three to five minutes, and then came out with a basket, which appeared to be loaded; I followed down Holywell-street, and asked what he had got there - he said some meat, which was his own; I asked where he got it from - he then said it was his master's - I asked who his master was; he said that was his business: I told him I was a Bow-street officer, and my business was to inquire where he got it from; he then said a butcher who was going to Newgate-market, asked him to carry it for him; I told him I suspected he had stolen it, and put him into St. Clement's watch-house - the basket contained two legs of mutton and a piece of beef: he was near Temple-bar when I took him.
Cross-examined. Q. Could you see the shop when Erridge went in? A. I could not; I was between fifty and sixty yards off, but it was impossible for any one to go in or come out without my seeing them - I did not see Oakley in the shop at the time Erridge went in; I did not go in till after Oakley was taken.


                  JOHN 
                  HALL
               



            . I was informed there was something going on wrong, and was set to watch. On the 21st of March I was in the church, and saw Oakley come out of the shop, just after the little boy came out with the jug; he looked towards Holywell-street - I saw him beckon, and in about a minute I saw Erridge walk up to the shop and go in; Oakley then took down a leg of mutton from the door, and walked into the shop - I afterwards saw Erridge come out with a basket, very heavily loaded; I went out, and followed him with the meat, but seeing the other officer I went back, and took Oakley; I said I wanted him concerning robbing his master of the meat - he said he knew nothing of it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not Oakley tell you he went down stairs to look for his cap, and what happened while he was down he could not tell? A. I do not recollect it- to my best belief he did not; the church is not above eight yards from the shop: I found no money on Oakley, but there was 1l. 7s. found in his box.


                  JOHN 
                  SWEET
               



            . I live with Mr. Bellringer. On the 21st of March I was down stairs, cleaning boots and shoes -Oakley did not come down while I was there.
Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear he might not have come part of the way down? A. No; he might have come down without my seeing him, but I think it impossible - I was not above half a dozen yards from the stairs.
Prisoner OAKLEY. Q. Did I not send you down for James' apron? A. No.
ERRIDGE's Defence. When the meat was brought to the watch-house I saw the gentleman mark it with ink.
ERRIDGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
OAKLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
