






898. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, 30 lbs, weight of lead, value 5s., belonging to the 
                     
St. Katharine's Dock Company




                  , and there fixed to a certain building, against the Statute
            .
SMITH 


               pleaded GUILTY
             Aged 17.


                  JOHN 
                  THORLEY
               



            . I am a watchman to the St. Katharine's Dock Company. I was calling eight o'clock in the evening of the 26th of February, and missed some lead off a wash-house, which I had seen safe an hour before: I heard a noise in an adjoining stable; I waited a few minutes, and saw Smith crawling out on his hands and knees - he said,"There is another boy inside;" Jones then came out, and ran as hard as he could; I overtook him, and brought him back - I found this lead in the corner of the stable; I fitted it on the top of the wash-house - it matched exactly; I gave the prisoners in charge - they said they had just come from on board ship.


                  RICHARD 
                  HENRY BURGESS
               



            . On the 26th of February the prisoner and Smith were brought to me, charged with stealing this lead off the house which I live in - it belongs to the St. Katharine Dock Company; I found no knife on them, but Jones said there had been a knife thrown away.

JONES'S Defence. I was on board the Betsey, of Dundee; I came on shore, and this man caught hold of me - another boy came up, and said, "That is not the boy;" he then took me to Smith, who said he knew me, but he had never seen me before - the watchman persuaded him to say he knew me.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
Both 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
