





Before Mr. Justice Park.
19. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  GREEN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        William 
                        Thomas
                     




                  , on the King's highway, on the 29th of October
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a watch, value 2l.; four seals, value 1l., and a key, value 3s.
            , his property.
WILLIAM THOMAS. I live in Duke-street, Lisson-grove. On the 29th of October, between eight and nine o'clock at night, I was coming from the pay-table, in Earl-street, Lisson-grove - I stopped at a watering-place, by the Brazen-head, public-house, for a necessary purpose; two boys were in the watering-place; I got them out, and when I came out myself they made an attempt at my seals, but did not succeed; a scuffle ensued: the watchman came up, and was going to take me to the watch-house for ill-using the boys; the prisoner then came up, and drew my watch from my pocket, without using any violence - the watchman stood four or five feet off at the time. I pursued the prisoner into the Brazen Head; I overtook him in the passage; he rushed into the tap-room - I held him by the collar, and said, "Oh! dear, I have lost my watch - you are the man who took it from me;" during that time I received a blow in my jaw, and on my nose, which cut me. I still held him, but in a little time his neck handkerchief was cut, and came away in my hand - he got from me, but did not get out of the room; my watch was then handed to me over their heads, by somebody. I am quite sure he is the man who drew it out of my pocket.
Cross-examined by MR. ROACH. Q. Did you see the handkerchief cut? A. No - it must have been cut, or it would not have come away. I am a bricklayer. I was rather elevated, but not drunk. I did not beat the boys.
Q. Did not you accuse them of stealing your watch, and the watchman tell you it was in your fob? A. I do not recollect it - I remember his telling me it was in my fob; I was not above two feet from the public-house, and saw nobody but the prisoner come out - nobody but the watchman was near when he took the watch. I did not call out that I had lost it when I had it in my hands; when I got it I said I was perfectly satisfied - it was dark, but there were gas-lights there. I did not accuse any one else of it - I was beat about, but did not keep my bed in consequence of it. The officer came to my house on Monday, the 1st of November, but I was out.


                  HENRY 
                  LEDDY
               



            . I am a paper-stainer. I came out of the Brazen Head to go to the watering-place at the corner, and saw the prosecutor holding a boy - he told the watchman to take him; I did not hear what it was for. A mob collected - the boy got away, and he attempted to run after him; some words occurred, and the watchman collared Thomas, to take him to the watch-house - he was rather in liquor. The mob followed them to one of the doors of the Brazen Head; I went into the tap-room at another door, and saw him holding the prisoner by the neck handkerchief; he said he had robbed him of his watch, and that he had got it; the watchman stood by, looking at the prisoner, as if he was afraid to take him - in a little while his neck handkerchief came off, and the prisoner went into the mob which stood in the tap-room, and tried to go out; the watchman spoke to him, and then he went back into the room. I saw somebody put the watch into the prosecutor's hand.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him ill-treating the boys? A. No; I saw him holding a boy - he was not very drunk. I went into the parlour, where I was drinking, and saw no more.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard a noise at the corner, and saw the prosecutor violently shaking a little boy; I said, "What are you about?" he said they had attempted to take his watch; a mob collected, and persuaded him to let the boy go - he did so, and then abused me, and said he would give the boy in charge - and for his abuse, and being in liquor, I took him by the collar, and he collared me; I could not take him by myself, and sprang my rattle - the prisoner and two or three more came out of the public-house, and in about a minute he hallooed out that his watch was gone; I let go of him - he collared the prisoner, and said, "You have got my watch; the prisoner made his way into the house, the prosecutor keeping hold of him, and when we got inside he called out for his watch; I said, "For God's sake, if any of you have the poor man's watch give it to him," and finding nobody would own it I said I must go out for assistance, and desired the landlord to let nobody out. I returned in about two minutes, and was told it was restored to him. I asked if he had got it - he said, Yes, but he wanted his hat, which was given to him, and he said he was perfectly satisfied; I escorted him off my beat, and he went into a pork-shop.
Q. You did not see him walking about with his hat in his hand, and saying he had lost it? A. No.
Cross-examined. Q. He was very drunk and troublesome? A. He was troublesome, and not sober. I never saw the prisoner with the watch.


                  JAMES 
                  CHARLES CHAPMAN
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol.On the Monday I was taking the prisoner to the office, and met the prosecutor in Chapel-street - he asked if I had heard of a robbery which was committed on Saturday night; I said No, not knowing he was the prosecutor in this case. He said, "There was a man robbed of his watch - I am the man, but I got it back again." I went on about a hundred yards, then returned, and asked his name - he said, "Thomas" - I then said he was the man I had been looking for, and pointing to the prisoner, asked if he was the man who had robbed him; he said, "That is the man who robbed me, and hit me on the side of my head;" he went with me to the office.
Cross-examined. Q. You do not know how the prisoner got into custody? A. No - I found him in the watch-house. When I met the prosecutor, he came up, and asked what I had got that man for; I asked why he put that question, and he said what I have stated. I did not wait to finish the conversation, or he might have said he was the man before I left.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PRENDERGAST
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on Sunday, the 30th of October, at the Brazen Head, in consequence of information. I told him it was for robbing a man last night of his watch, by the Brazen Head; he said I was mistaken, for he was elsewhere, and could prove it; he wished to see the prosecutor, but I did not then know who he was.
Cross-examined. Q. Who gave you the information? A. Leddy and others - he asked to see the prosecutor; I said if I could find him before night he should; I could not learn who he was; I returned, and told him, from what I could learn, whoever he was, he was very ill-used, and most likely was a-bed.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not ask if I had robbed a man of his watch at eight o'clock? A. I do not remember saying eight o'clock.
Prisoner. I have a witness to call.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIS
               



            . I was passing in Lisson-street, and saw a mob - the watchman and prosecutor were collaring each other; I went on, and heard an alarm that a man had lost his watch. I turned back, and there was a mob round the door - I went in in three or four minutes, and saw the prosecutor standing with his watch in his hand, and crying out, "Oh! dear, let me have my watch;" somebody said, "You have got it in your hand;" he then said he had lost his hat; somebody gave it to him; the watchman asked if he was satisfied; he said perfectly so; he was intoxicated, and did not know what he was talking about.


                  SARAH 
                  WINDRED
               



            . I was standing at my door, which is three houses from the Brazen head, on this night, and saw a man on the other side of the way, very much intoxicated; I afterwards heard the rattle spring, and went into the public-house; the prosecutor was holding the prisoner by the neck handkerchief, so that he was nearly black in the face - somebody cut the handkerchief - he then went to the prosecutor, and said, "Can you say I have got your watch?" I heard some one say "The man is crying for his watch, and he has got it." I then went out.
GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
