





667. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SCOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               fraud
            .
MR. BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUNTENSHAW
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Pickersgill
               



            , a Manchester warehouseman, of Lawrence-lane. On the 15th of April, the prisoner brought an order for two woollen cords, and said he wanted to match as near as possible to two patterns, which were on the order - I asked what price, he said he did not know, but Messrs. Edenborough wanted to send them out at 6 s., I sent him with three patterns to know which would suit; he returned in eight or nine minutes with two of those patterns attached to the order. I said I would send them over, he said he must take them himself - it rained very hard, and I said they would get wet as he had nothing to cover them; he said Mr. Edenborough desired him to bring them, and would be very angry if he did not - I asked his name, he said 
               
                  William 
                  Gilbert
               



            , which I put in the book, and delivered him the goods, and invoice; they amount to 11 l. 3 s. I sent Meclenburgh to follow him.
Order read: - Messrs. Hebden, Brothers, and Co. Please to send per bearer, one piece of cord, the nearest you have to each of the above patterns.
EDENBOROUGH, CHITTENDEN, and BARTLETT.
81, Queen Street.
15th of April, 1822.



                  JOHN 
                  MECLENBURGH
               



            . I was told to follow the prisoner, and sent Fothergill after him.


                  JOHN 
                  FOTHERGILL
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Pickersgill. I followed the prisoner across Cheapside, down Queen-street, by Mr. Edenborough's, and into Budge-row; he then returned up Queen-street, into the Old Jewry, and Basinghall-street, where I saw an officer, and we took him. We asked where he was going with the goods; he said,
"What is that to you;" and then said he would let us know, and went into Mr. Brittens, and delivered them in Messrs. Edenborough and Co's. name. He said he was their porter, and we accompanied him there. Mr. Edenborough disowned him, and we took him to Mr. Pickersgill, who gave him in charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OWEN
               



            . Fothergill came to me in Basinghall-street. I asked the prisoner where he was going with the goods, he said
"D - n you, what is it to you?" he went on, and rested his goods a little while - I told him to come on, he said he was not afraid. and went into Mr. Britten's and pulled out the invoice; Mr. Britten asked the numbers of the cords; he pulled out a pencil and wrote them down. I desired Mr. Britten to deliver them to nobody. I took him to Mr. Edenborough's - he tried to escape.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  PICKERSGILL
               



            . I am a Manchester warehouseman. I have no partners now. My house is known by the name Hebden, Brothers, and Co., which was once my firm.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  CHITTENDEN
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  John 
                  Edenborough
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bartlett
               



            , of Queen-street. I do not know the prisoner, but understand he was a servant in the house, some years before I was in the firm. The order is not written by any one in our house. We wanted no such goods.
The prisoner pleaded distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
