





355. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     GAINHAM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of December
, a pocket, value 6 d.; three guineas, twenty-one sovereigns, and a 10 l. Bank-note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Andrew 
                           Donly
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Donly
                        



.
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  MARGARET 
                  DONLY
               



            . I am wife
 of 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Donly
               



            , a master chimney-sweeper
 - we live in Crawford-mews, Montague-square


. On the 20th of December, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to our house, and asked me for a piece of linen for her hand, which was sore. I gave her some - she stopped till three o'clock. I sent out for a quartern of gin, and gave her some. She sat down - I offered her some refreshment, which she refused. She asked me to lend her 6 d.; I gave her one; my husband came home, and put down twenty-one sovereigns, three guineas, and a 10 l. note, on the table at which she was sitting, and said,
"Old woman, here is part of the money you have been so long craving after." This was between five and six o'clock. I took it up, and put it into my pocket, and in a quarter of an hour my husband fell asleep. The prisoner said she wished me to go home with her to make an excuse to her husband, or she did not know what would be the consequence, as she had been out all day. I said I could not, as I had my children to put to bed. The prisoner said,
"Pray do, he won't say a word if you come;" and I at last went with her. I had my baby in my arms; we went down Crawford-street. She tucked my cloak up above my arms, to keep the baby warm. She asked me to give her some gin in Crawford-street, but I would not; I however stopped at a public-house; she brought me out two pennyworth of shrub, which she paid for. We went down Baker-street, till we came to Blanford-street; I said,
"You are going further than you need, for that is your way home;" she said.
"Never mind, we will turn up the next street." and at the corner of George-street, by a public-house, she came behind me, round to my right side, and forced her hand into my pocket hole, forced my pocket from my side, and tore it off - she turned me quite round with the force, and ran off through a mob, which was collected hearing some music. I turned round, and said,
"Mrs. Gainham, you have got my pocket, you have robbed me." She rushed through the mob, and I lost her. I went straight to her house in Blandford-mews, and found her husband and a woman there, but not her - she came in in about five minutes. I said,
"Mrs. Gainham, you have robbed me of my pocket; I will give you 5 l., and anything to drink, if you will give me the remainder." She said,
"I dare say you would if I had it." I threw my child down, and went back to where my pocket was taken, as she said I must have dropped it. The watchman assisted me to look for it, but I could not find it. I went and told my husband, and in a few minutes, she came in - I said,
"Master, this is the woman who has robbed me of the money;" she said he might search her if he liked. He turned me out of doors, and told me not to come home. I stopped next door all night, leaving her in the house.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You had something to drink in your room - A. Yes; the prisoner did not go out for it. There was no tossing up for drink. I lost my pocket close to a public-house; I was not talking about going in there. I rushed through the crowd after her. I do not know whether any one heard me call after her. She afterwards followed me to my house - my husband told her to go about her business, for she was deeper than him. She was taken next day. My husband has not threatened me about this.

Q. Do you remember being in the yard of Mary-le-bone Office, and your husband saying to you,
"If you don't bring it home to Salt Gainham, I will have your life" - A. No; he said no such thing at any time. I did not stop in the yard, for I was afraid.
Q. Did you not tell the prisoner that you had lost your pocket, and she said,
"Well, we will go out together and look for it" - A. No. I left my child there, and went out tearing my hair - she did not go with me. She tucked my cloak up several times.


                  ANDREW 
                  DONLY
               



            . I brought my wife home, twenty-one sovereigns, three guineas, and a 10 l. note, and put it on the table, and said,
"Old woman, I have got what you have been long looking for;" she put it into her pocket, the prisoner was present. I fell asleep, and when I awoke they were both gone, and in about an hour and a half she returned, and said she had lost the money. I turned her out of doors; the prisoner came and said,
"Donly, your wife accuses me of robbing her, you may search me if you like." I said,
"It is no use searching you, you know too much for me." She went away soon after. I locked up and went to bed, and next morning applied to Williams the officer, went with him to Blandford-mews, and gave charge of the prisoner; she was examined on the Monday. I was in the office yard in the evening, on which she was to be examined a second time, and heard the prisoner's voice call out from the lock-up place to 
               
                  William 
                  Lovitt
               



            ,
"Bill, halloo, is the old woman coming down," he replied,
"Yes. I expect her here at seven o'clock, it is all right, the blunt is our's."
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not tell your wife, that if she did not give a good account how she lost the money, you would have nothing to do with her - A. No. I threatened her, and beat her too, for going out with the prisoner. I did not threaten to kill her.
Q. Don't you remember saying,
"If you don't bring the matter home to that hussey, I will have your life" - A. No, I never said any thing of the sort. Lovitt and the prisoner have been acquainted for sixteen years.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a constable of Mary-le-bone office, the prosecutor applied to me on Sunday, and I apprehended the prisoner, but found nothing on the premises. I went to Lovitt's house, in Barrett's-court, Oxford-street, and searched his place, having heard that they kept company, and in a drawer I found several parcels of money wrapped in paper, amounting to 33 l. odd in all, divided into parcels of 2 l. and 3 l. each; there were shillings, crown-pieces, and two sovereigns amongst it. Lovitt is a lamp-lighter, and has 24 s. a-week. I found a pair of silver buckles in the room, and some duplicates of property pawned in December, of small articles for 3 s. and 4 s. each. The money found was all silver but three sovereigns.


                  JOHN 
                  IRELAND
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 20th of December, about seven o'clock, I saw the prisoner and prosecutrix coming down George-street, and presently saw her pull her along by her apron; and about ten o'clock, or between ten and eleven, I saw 
               
                  Bill 
                  Lovitt
               



             and the prisoner in company together, close to my box, talking together.
Cross-examined. Q. You knew both the prisoner and prosecutrix - A. Yes; the prisoner was pressing her to go into a public-house, but she would not. I heard the prosecutrix say,
"You have broken the string of my petticoat." She was then trying to pull her into the public-house. I saw them part, but cannot say whether she ran or not - she did not appear intoxicated. Donly came to me about a quarter to nine o'clock, and said she had lost her money.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I live in South-street, Manchester-square, and am a pawnbroker. The prisoner redeemed a pair of buckles at my shop on this Saturday night, for 9 s. 6 d. I think she gave me a sovereign - it was rather after nine o'clock. I believe the buckles produced to be the same; they were pawned in the name of Gainham, in February last.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to her house, and staid there; a man named Neal came in, and tossed her for liquor; Donly came in and gave her some money, which she put into her pocket; we came a long together; I went into the Bee Hive, public-house, and bought her some shrub: we came along; I said,
"Here is a gin-shop, we will have some more." I took her by the cloak and pulled her towards the house. She said,
"Mother Gainham, you have broken my petticoat strings." She came home with me to my husband, and said,
"Old man, you shall have something to drink;" she put her hand down, and then, for the first time, missed her pocket. I set off with her to look for it; she went to her husband, and said she had lost it. He said,
"You had better find it, or, d - n you, I'll shoot you;" and told her to go about her business. I told him to take me; he said he should find me in the morning. I met Lovitt afterwards, and he asked me to redeem these buckles, which I had pawned for him.


                  MARGARET 
                  DONLEY
               



            . I did not put my hand to my pocket, and say he should have something to drink. I said,
"Old Gainham, where is your wife? - she has robbed me."


                  JOHN 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . I live in China-mews, Bedford-square, and am a master chimney-sweeper. On the 21st of December, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, Donly came to me, and said he was robbed of 40 l., and told me to go to Mrs. Gainham, and he would fetch two officers. I went, and waited till he came with them; I went with him to his house, and saw his wife crying. She said,
"Oh! Richards, what shall I do? - I have lost my pocket; I can almost swear that she took it." Donly said,
"D - n your eyes, you b - h, give it to her home - don't mince her; put on your shawl and bonnet, and come with me, and I'll have her taken directly.
Q. Are you sure she said she could almost swear it - A. Yes.
MR. ALLEY. Q. Did not you understand him to mean that she was not to favour her, but tell the truth - A. It was as much as to frighten her to swear it, whether or no - I thought he meant to make her swear false.


                  ANDREW 
                  DONLY
               



            . I said nothing of the sort. I said,
"If she deserves it, and is guilty, don't mince her." This witness is the prisoner's brother-in-law - I put him into business myself.


                  HANNAH 
                  TILLEROY
               



            . I now live at Donly's; I was at the prisoner's place when this happened. She went out about ten o'clock in the morning, and did not return till eight. Mrs. Donly came in first, and said to Mr. Gainham,
"How are you, old man?" He said,
"Where is Sal?" She said,
"Don't be angry, she has been with meall day, old man - we will have a drop of something to drink." She put her hand down to feel for her pocket, and almost threw the child out of her arms - I caught it; she said,
"I have lost my pocket and money!" Mrs. Gainham said,
"I hope not."
Q. Mrs. Gainham had come in then - A. Yes; and said,
"I hope not, for you had 30 l." They both ran out together to find it.
Q. Did she accuse the prisoner with taking it - A. Not at all; she seemed quite confused.
MR. ALLEY. Q. The prosecutrix was in the room some time before the prisoner came in - A. Yes; they did not come home together. The last situation I had was potgirl, that is twelve months ago; I have lived with Donly since this happened. I went backwards and forwards to the prisoner before, to nurse, but lived in George-street, St. Giles's. I have a person who pays my rent, and I get my living as I can - not in the streets. I am sure they both went out together to look for the money.
- On the 20th of last month, I was coming down Blandford-mews, where I live, about half-past seven o'clock, and saw the prisoner and prosecutrix coming from the end of the mews together. I live at the prisoner's house. They stopped a long time at the door, talking; Donly went in, and Gainham staid outside.


                  SARAH 
                  SQUIRES
               



            . I live in Little Chesterfield-street, Mary-le-bone. I have known Gainham many years. I was at the office on the 22d of December, at seven o'clock at night, and heard Donly say to his wife,
"D - n my eyes, if you don't buff it home to her, I'll have your bl - y life."
MR. ALLEY. Q. Can you tell the rest of the conversation - A. Not exactly. I went there to see if Gainham was acquitted.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
