





68. 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  DRISCOLL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of October
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 seal, value 10s., and 1 key, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Blunt
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD BLUNT. I am a gentleman
, and live in Sidney-street, City-road. On Saturday, the 27th of October, between seven and eight o'clock at night, I was going up Goswell-street


; I was surrounded by a gang of four persons; the prisoner was one; they came round me, and one snatched my watch; one of them directly ran down Goswell-street, and three down Charles-street, into Northampton-square; I followed them, calling out, "Stop those three thieves!" they ran faster than me, and when they came near the square, they separated - I followed the prisoner, who turned to the left, along Smith-street, and he was taken there - I had not lost sight of him - I lost my watch, seal, key, and ring - I am certain he is one of them, but cannot say he is the one who took it; the watch was found in about an hour.


                  JOHN 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I was going down Smith-street, on the 27th of October: I heard a cry of Stop thief! turned round, and saw Mr. Blunt, and the prisoner was secured; I had seen him running; several were running after him, but none before; he was collared, and swung round and nearly fell - I and others took him to the watch-house, and on returning, I looked at the place where he had been stopped, and in the mud, I found this watch, seal, and key; this was in half, or three quarters of an hour.


                  EDWARD 
                  TOMPKINS
               



            . I am a butcher. I heard a cry of Stop thief! I came to the door, and saw the prisoner running - I crossed over towards him, and when I got near him, he called Stop thief! but nobody was before him - I collared him; he swung himself round - I saw nothing fall.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARNER
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, and in three quarters of an hour, Morgan produced the property.


                  GEORGE 
                  CORBETT
               



            . I saw the prisoner running from Charles-street; he called Stop thief! and was taken.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was not near the gentleman; he said he would not give charge of me, not knowing me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
