





205. 
               
                  ANN 
                  M'CORMACK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of December
, 1 watch, value 10l.; 1 watch-chain, value 4l.; 3 seals, value 3l., and 1 key, value 10s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Augustus Henry 
                        Graveley
                     




                  , from his person
            .
AUGUSTUS HENRY GRAVELEY. I am a coal-merchant
, and live in Upper Ogle-street. On the 20th of December I had a silver watch, gold chain, and seals, worth 17l.; about two o'clock in the morning I was coming up Holborn


, from the Commercial-road; I had been drinking with a gentleman who had sailed with me from the East Indies - I was quite sober; at the corner of Gray's-inn-lane the prisoner came out, and caught me round the body, asked me to walk with her; I pushed her away, and as she ran away I felt in my fob, and my watch was gone. I had not crossed Gray's-inn-lane - it was by a baker's shop, close at the corner; I pursued, calling Watch! and the watchman came and took her, going into Walton's-court, which is ten or twelve yards within the City bars. I saw my watch found in her left hand. I had not been with her at all.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know the City boundaries? A. I had been to Captain Sansom's - we dined at five o'clock, then drank, and smoked. I dare say I drank a bottle of wine, and had some rum and water after supper. I suppose a bottle of rum was drank - nobody was there but Mr. and Mrs. Sansom. I drank no wine.
Q. Did you not tell me you drank wine? A. I drank some, but I did not say the quantity - I saw but one bottle of wine produced; gentlemen generally take rum, andleave the wine to the ladies. Mr. Sansom lives near Stepney-causeway, which, I suppose, is six miles and a half from my house. I am a married man. I was accosted by nobody but the prisoner.
Q. Did you ever tell any body to say it was your own fault entirely, and not the prisoner's? A. I did not - I said nothing of the kind. I had 23s. about me. She had not followed me - she ran out and met me.


                  JAMES 
                  TARN
               



            . I am a watchman. I was in Holborn, and heard a cry of Watch! I was in the court, and went up the passage; Mr. Graveley said he had been robbed - I took hold of the prisoner, who he was holding; he charged her with robbing him - I found the watch, chain, and seals in her left-hand; she at first denied having it, holding out her right hand. I took her in the City - the baker's shop is out of the City. Mr. Graveley certainly was sober. He told me the maker's name and number.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he appear as if he had been drinking? A. He certainly had, but was not drunk - he walked as strait as I could. I considered him very sober. The prisoner said at the watch-house that he met her and gave her the watch - he denied it - she had been drinking - I thought she smelt of rum.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house - the prosecutor did not appear drunk; he gave the maker's name and number of the watch directly; she said it was given to her for going with him; he said he had not spoken to her.
Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear he was sober? A. I believe him to have been quite sober. She said he had no money, and gave her the watch; he put his hand to his pocket, and I heard money rattle. I think she was not quite sober.
Prisoner's Defence. The gentleman has false sworn himself.




               GUILTY. Aged 22. Of stealing, but not from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
