






1390. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             and 
               
                  STEPHEN 
                  DARK
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of August
, 1 silk neckerchief, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Collier
               




            .
JAMES COLLIER. I am a hosier
, and live in the Poultry


. On the 23d of August, about five o'clock, the prisoners came into the shop with two females; this handkerchief was in the shop; I had seen it a quarter of an hour before, and nobody had been in afterwards; the women asked to look at some black silk stockings, which I shewed them; none suited - this handkerchief was on a line on the right hand side of the shop, and, in the mean time, Williams went to the bottom of the shop, where some other handkerchiefs lay on the counter; I saw him take hold of one piece, and put my brother on the watch; Dark observed me looking at Williams, and called him back; I was shewing stockings to the females all this time; Dark stood behind them, and Williams behind him; they bought nothing; I saw Williams take this neckerchief off the line, and conceal it about his person; he then tried to take a crimson one, but, observing me looking, he dropped it; he touched Dark, and they were out of the shop immediately, women and all; I took the stockings off the counter, put on my hat, and overtook them four doors off, all four in company, in the passage of a house in the Old Jewry; I had seen Williams pass the handkerchief to one of the women; I secured the prisoners, took them back to the shop, and gave them in charge; the women ran away.
Cross-examined by Mr. ANDREWS. Q. Has it been found? A. Yes; my brother told the Magistrate that the women went out leisurely, and I said, very quick; I could scarcely take the prisoners; Dark resisted a great deal; he said to the women two or three times, "They are nice stockings, you had better take them;" it was a black handkerchief, with a crimson and white border; my brother did not see him with this, but with the crimson one; I saw Williams touch Dark.


                  GEORGE 
                  COLLIER
               



            . I am the prosecutor's brother. I saw the two prisoners and two women come in together - they looked at some black silk stockings, which the females looked at, but none would suit; I saw Williams go down to the further end of the shop, and lay hold of a silk handkerchief, as if to examine it; he came to the back of the shop - I saw him with a crimson one in his hand, which hung up by the black one; when he saw us looking, he dropped the crimson one; he then went behind Dark, and they went out of the shop together; I jumped over the counter, and saw the black handkerchief was gone; I remained in the shop - my brother went out, and brought the prisoners back; Dark said we might search them, for they had not got the handkerchief; the officer produced it on the Monday following.
Cross-examined. Q. Was there any suspicion before they left the shop? A. Yes; my brother trod on my foot about five minutes after they came in; I knew what he meant; I looked most at Williams; Dart could reach the handkerchiefs easier, as he is taller, but he was not near where this handkerchief hung; he stood behind the women.


                  SAMUEL 
                  NEAL
               



            . I am a constable. Collier fetched me - I took the prisoners, but did not find the handkerchief on either of them; it was given to me on the Monday following, by the maid servant at No. 37, Old Jewry; it is the first private house on the left hand.
Mr. COLLIER. I took the prisoners in the passage of that house.

(Property produced and sworn to.)
WILLIAMS' Defence. I never touched it.
DARK'S Defence. I knew nothing of this boy taking it - I was talking to the women.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
DARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
