





1726. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WEBB
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of July
, 4 pewter pots, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John Orth 
                  Waldener
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HUNTINGFORD
               



            . I was in the service of John Orth Waldener, the Rising Sun public-house, on the 29th of July. The prisoner is a dustman
, and came to take away the dust about seven o'clock in the morning - I followed him down to the cellar to shew him where it was; there were two quart pots and two pint pots near the dust-bin, which had been there for several days - I saw them when I went down that morning; the officer came soon after, and asked if we had had the dustman - I said Yes; he asked if I missed anything - I said No; he then produced these four pots, which were the same which I had seen by the dust.
Prisoner. She was not the distance of a yard from me the whole time I was there. Witness. I was in the kitchen; he was there ten minutes or a quarter of an hour- the prisoner was below the whole time; there was another with him, who carried up the dust.
The prisoner here pulled off his shoe, and threw it with great violence at the witness - it struck her on the arm - for which Contempt of Court he was ordered to be Confined Six Months.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WEBB
               



            . I saw the prisoner pass me about one hundred and fifty yards from the prosecutor's - he had something which appeared heavy under his smockfrock; I followed him, and saw him offer them for sale; I asked him where he had got them - he said he had them given to him by a servant girl; I found the place, and asked the servant if she had given them to him - she said No; her master had desired her to watch them while they were there.
Prisoner. She gave me the pots to get a drop of beer she knows it is true.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HUNTINGFORD
               



            . I did not give them to him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
