





101. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  HOLDSWORTH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of November
, 1 pair of boots, value 20s., and 1 pair of shoes, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Smitzer
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH SMITZER. I live in Fore-street, City, and am a boot and shoemaker
. On Wednesday, the 16th of November, the prisoner came and ordered a pair of Wellington boots, which were to be done by the Saturday following. I agreed to make them for 25s. I had seen him about four weeks before, when he bought a pair of shoes; he came on the Saturday following, and the boots were ready - he tried them on, and was satisfied with them; he then asked if I had any light shoes to fit him; he tried several and selected one pair, which I said would be 8s.; he said, "That will be one pound thirteen together" - but nothing passed about the money being paid at the time of delivery. I asked if I should send them - he said "Yes; to No. 30, Myrtle-street, Hoxton - the name of Smith." I wrote the name and direction on the bottom of one of the shoes - he saw me write it, and I took his name to be Smith - he said"Send a bill and receipt with them." I asked him what time I should send them; he took out his watch and said,"It is now half-past two o'clock, I shall be at home till half-past four." I told him I would be there by four o'clock; about that time I took them with the bill and receipt, to No. 30, Myrtle-street. I knocked at the door - he let me in; he asked me into the parlour, and I took the boots and shoes out of the bag, and put them on the table; he then asked me for the bill and receipt, which I gave him; he asked what discount I allowed, and I said they were charged at cash price; he took the boots and shoes with the bill and receipt into the back parlour, which appeared to be a bed-room - I saw a bed there as he opened the door. I supposed he was gone to put them away and bring the money. I waited about five minutes, but he did not return; an elderly man then came into the parlour, and asked who I wanted - I said I had brought a pair of boots for Mr. Smith, and he was gone into the back parlour to put them on - he then retired. I staid about ten minutes longer, when the landlady came and asked what was my pleasure. I told her I had brought the boots and shoes, and was waiting for the money from Mr. Smith; she opened the bed-room door, and said "Here is no Mr. Smith here." I went and looked, but he was gone, with the boots and shoes. I considered he was at home, and I went with a determination to bring the money or the articles back. I thought he was gone into the room to put the things away. I should not have parted with them, if I had not expected the money. I then went and gave information at Worship-street. I did not see him again till the 22d of November, a little before ten o'clock in the evening, when I was at the Eagle Gardens, City-road. I saw two persons coming from the back part of the house, and when they came to the light of the lamp, I saw the prisoner was one of them. I laid hold of him and said"You rascal I have got you;" he said "What do you want?" I said "Where are my boots and shoes?" he said"I will pay you for them directly." I took him into the house and said "This is the young man I have been looking for these three nights;" he pulled out what money he had, which was 17s. 6d. and he offered me his watch. I said that was not my property, nor his, and I should not let him go; he had my boots on, and the shoes he said were at the Poulterer's Arms, public-house, Honey-lane Market.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not come four months before, and say I was recommended by Mr. Crutwell? A. You might, but I do not recollect it - you might have been a customer; when I brought the boots home, I reckoned it an order.
Q. When you took me at the Tavern, did you not say"Where is the money for my boots and shoes?" and that you only wanted the money? A. No, I said "Where are my boots and shoes." I took the money and put it in my pocket. I did not say the watch was to serve as part payment - you gave it up as part of payment, but I did not take it as such. I was desirous of bringing him forward, because I knew there were other indictments against him.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I live at No. 30, Myrtle-street, Hoxton. I never saw the prisoner till the 19th of November, when he came to my house for apartments, about a quarter before twelve o'clock. I let him my two parlours, but he was not to occupy them till the Monday following; he said he had just come from the country, and wanted the apartments for four months, as he was about to walk the hospital - that his name was Smith, and his father and him would call on the Sunday. I did not see him there when the prosecutor came - I was out. I never saw him but when he came to hire my lodgings, till he was in custody. When he came to hire the rooms, he looked at the passages in and out of the house, and went out at the back door; he said when he was going that he should probably send some luggage in - he never took possession of the rooms.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not take the lodgings from that day, and should you not have expected your rent that day week? A. No.


                  MARIA 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I live with my mother, the last witness. I was not present when the prisoner hired the lodgings. On Saturday, the 19th, in the afternoon, my mother went out, and said if any luggage came I was to take it in, or if Mr. Smith came, he was to come in; about ten minutes past four the prisoner came, and said his name was Smith, and asked if any one had been for him - I said No; he said there would shortly be a man come in with some things; he then walked through the parlour,and I left the room. I heard a knock soon afterwards, and saw Mr. Smitzer come in; he staid there till my mother came home, and she went into the parlour to him. I had gone down into the kitchen, and do not know what became of Mr. Smith.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . On Tuesday evening, the 22d of November, I went to the Poulterer's Arms, in Honey-lane Market, with Mr. Smitzer - I found these shoes there.


                  JOHN 
                  WESTBROOKE
               



            . I keep the Poulterer's Arms, Honey-lane Market - the prisoner lodged with me for about six weeks, till he was taken into custody; by the name of Holdsworth; when the officer came, I shewed him the prisoner's room - the shoes and other things were found there.


                  RICHARD 
                  CONSTANTINE
               



            . I am headborough of Shoreditch. I was sent for on the 22d of November, to the Eagle, to take the prisoner into custody, at Mr. Smitzer's request - he gave charge of him for swindling him out of some boots and shoes. I found the boots on him. I found four duplicates in his possession, which he said were for his own property; he then said the prosecutor had 17s. or 18s. of his - the prosecutor said he had. I asked if he had kept it separate - he counted out 17s. 6d. and said the prisoner had given him this watch.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. When I bought the boots, I intended to pay for them. Mr. Smitzer knew me; when I met him at the Eagle, I gave him the 18s. as part of payment. I had called at the shop that evening, but it was shut up; he said if I could satisfy him where he could get the remainder of the money he should be satisfied.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
There were seven other indictments against the prisoner.
