





1134. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of August
, one watch, value 4 l.; one ribbon, value 6 d.; two rings, value 6 d., and one key, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Cotton
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  COTTON
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker
, and live in St. Martin's-street. About five o'clock in the afternoon I was at the end of Waterloo-place


, the Queen was passing. My hands were pinioned down by a gang, who hustled me against the carriage, and I felt my watch go from my fob, About a quarter past six o'clock, I saw them taking a thief to the watch-house. I went in, and enquired for my property, I described it, it was produced to me, and I found the prisoner in custody. I remembered seeing the prisoner near me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  DORRELL
               



            . I am a brush-maker, and live in Broad-street, Manchester-square. On the 24th of August, I was in St. James's-square, I saw two suspicious characters leaving the square, and at the bottom of Whitaker-street, the prisoner joined them, and shewed them something. I followed them, met three constables, and pointed them out. The prisoner saw me, immediately ran off, and I followed him into St. Martin's-lane, pushed him into a coffee-shop, and asked what he had in his pocket, as he put his hand in. He said
"Come none of your tricks. I have been robbed of 5 s. 6 d." He had got a watch half out of his pocket, I took it quite out, he said it was his own. I took him to the watch-house. The prosecutor claimed it in the evening.
Prisoner's Defence. The watch was thrown down, a man scrambled with me for it. I intended to give it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
