







815. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FREEMAN
                  



               
             & 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WATTS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of March
, 1 jug, value 1s.; 1 butter-pot, value 6d.; 2lbs. of butter, value 1s.; 5 candles, value 3d.; 1 dish, value 6d., and 2 whips, value 10d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Woolsey
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOLSEY
               



            . I am captain of a boat
. I lost this property from a wharf at Paddington


 - it had been in the cabin; I saw it safe about eleven o'clock at night, on the 22d of March, and next morning it was gone - there were four of us in the cabin, but we were all asleep - we had been working very hard the day before; I know nothing of the prisoners - Freeman's boat laid near mine the night before, but in the morning she was shifted; I got an officer, and went on board his boat - no one was on board then, but Watts had the key of the cabin; I found this jug, these whips, and candles in the cabin.


                  THOMAS 
                  HENRY THOMPSON
               



            . The prosecutor fetched me, and I went to a boat with the name of 
               
                  George 
                  Winter
               



             on it, of which Freeman is captain
; it was lying about a mile from the prosecutor's boat - Woolsey looked through the hatchway, and saw part of the property; I then ascertained who worked that boat, and took Watts in another boat; I asked what boat he belonged to - he said Winter's, and he worked for Mr. Nichols; I asked if he was aware where his hoat was - he said it was beyond the stop-bridge; I told him he was my prisoner, as there was stolen property on board - he made no answer; my brother officer took the key from Watts, which opened the cabin-door - we found this property, and a great deal more there.


                  JOHN 
                  ARGUST
               



            . I am an officer, I was with Thompson; I was searching Freeman, and I asked where the key was - Watts said, "I have the key," and gave it me; I took Freeman at his lodgings - Watts told me where he lived; I found nothing there, or on his person - I asked him if he knew where the boat was - he said, "Yes, the other side of the stop-bridge," I asked if he knew what was on board - he said there was nothing on board but two boat lines and a bucket of his.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Did not he tell you he had been at home all night? A. He did not, but a person in the house said so; he made no resistance.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOLSEY
               



            . These are my articles; they were all safe when I went to bed about eleven o'clock - there was no reason why the other boat should be removed; when they go on their journey they generally go off at two or three o'clock in the morning, but then they do not stop about a mile off - there is no place for them to load there; they sometimes have two men on board, and sometimes four.
FREEMAN's Defence. I was at home at nine o'clock at night, and left Watts in charge; I knew nothing about the property being there - I did not go out till nine o'clock in the morning.
WATTS' Defence. I went to a public-house and had some beer; I staid till eleven o'clock, and then, as I could not get on the wharf, I staid all night - the next morning I went to the boat, and found it open; I had locked her up.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . Freeman lodged with me; we were all in bed by eleven o'clock that night, and at nine the next morning I was in my room, and saw him come down - I am foreman of a dust-yard.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LONG
               



            . I lodge in Davies' house, in the next room to Freeman; I saw him come down with nothing on but his trousers and shirt, at a quarter before ten o'clock, to let Watts in, and give him his money - Watts then went away, and Freeman locked his door, and went to bed; I was having my breakfast about nine the next morning when he came down.


                  THOMAS 
                  HENRY THOMPSON
               



            , re-examined. Theirs is a gravel boat - it would require two men to move it.
JURY. Q. Is there any way to get into the cabin but by the door? A. There is a skylight, but they cannot get in, except by breaking the hatchway.
WATTS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FREEMAN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
