






703. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  COLLINS
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CATER
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of January
, 11 fowls, price 16s., and 3 ducks, price 6s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Judd
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  JUDD
               



            . I am the wife of Joseph Judd - we live at Timberall, in Hertfordshire


. On the 30th of January, at nine o'clock at night, these fowls were locked in the hen-house - next morning, at seven o'clock, we found the door broken open, and they were gone; Cater lived in the village, and has cut chaff for us. I found them on the Monday - I lost thirteen fowls and three ducks.


                  CHARLES 
                  JUDD
               



            . I know these fowls by marks on their heads, which are here - I saw the fowls, and knew them.


                  JOHN 
                  POMFRETT
               



            . I live at Tottenham, and am a poulterer. On Wednesday, the 31st of January, Cater came to my house, and asked if I would buy any fowls - it was about nine o'clock in the morning; I said perhaps I might; Cater said they had some to sell; I said I was going out, and would look at them in the afternoon; he said,"Oh, you may see them now;" he went out, and beckoned to Collins, who came in, and shot them out of a sack; they had not been fattened - they were dead, and I said they were worth nothing to me; he said "They are worth 1s.;" I then sent for an officer, and gave them in charge.


                  JOHN 
                  CAMP
               



            . I received them in charge. I have kept the fowls' heads.
CATER'S Defence. I bought them.
COLLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
CATER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
