





1003. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  LINTON
               




             was again indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 28th of February
, of a certain evil disposed person, 1 barrel, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Simpson
                     




                  , which had been by the said evil-disposed person stolen, he, the said Samuel Linton, well knowing it to have been stolen, against the Statute, &c.
            

ROBERT DUKE. On the 28th of February, I went with Bassett and Lloyd to Linton's premises, at Islingtongreen; I found about one hundred and fifty casks there, or more; I took away one barrel, one kilderkin, and two firkins - I took them to the Red Lion public-house, Islingtongreen, and saw them locked up in a coal-cellar - I desired that no person might have them but myself, or Lloyd; when we fetched them away, I found part of the head of the barrel, where the name had been, chipped off - I had made no alteration in it; one head was out when I found it at Linton's.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was Linton present when you took them away? A. Yes; I did not ask his leave.


                  ANDREW 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden. I assisted in taking the casks from Linton's; when I saw them next day they were in a different state - Linton was not present then; I asked him when we found where he had got them; he gave no answer.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MASON PAUL
               



            . I am a cooper. On the 28th or 29th of February, the prisoner came to my shop, and told me to bring my tools; I went with him to the Red Lion, Islington-green; he went into the bar, and spoke to the landlord; the boy got the key, and went into the cellar - the casks were brought out to me in the skittle-ground; he told me to take the two little marks out - they were scratch marks; the same as we mark all our heads with - that makes the wood look clean; I never did a job for him before.
COURT. Q. Look at this cask, is it the one out of which you took two marks? A. It is; one head was out then; I asked him if it was his own; he said Yes, and told me to take them down to the shop, and cobble them.
Cross-examined. Q. What do you know the cask by? A. By the top; I know no mark on it - I do not swear positively to it; I have known Linton twelve or fourteen years, but did no business for him; he did not ask me to do this privately.
MR. ALLEY. Q. What time of day was this? A. Between six and seven o'clock in the morning of the 29th of February - he said he had bought them.


                  JAMES 
                  HARDING
               



            . I am servant at the Red Lion. Paul had the same casks to cut as the officers brought - they brought three; Paul left them in the skittle-ground, and the officers fetched them from the ground; when the marks were cut out, the prisoner asked me to disguise the places where they had been cut out; I was to get some dirty water and mud, and put on it; he said he would give me 6d. - I did not do it; they were fetched away in two or three hours.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you the key of the cellar? A. I got it from my master; he did not hesitate about giving it to me; I told him Linton wanted it - my master was not there when they were brought, and did not know of their being stolen.


                  THOMAS 
                  BASSETT
               



            . I am inspector to the brewers. I went to Linton's, on the 28th of February, with the officers; I saw this cask in the brewhouse; we took it to the public-house with others - there were about one hundred and fifty casks there with the names chipped out - there were about three hundred casks in all - this one was without a head; I went again on the 21st of March, and found the head in the brewhouse, under the same roof as the cask was - I produce it.
Cross-examined. Q. Is Mr. Simpson's name on it? A. Yes; here is "Simpson, Lambeth," on the head - it was stowed away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I am a brewer, and live at Lambeth. I have lost a great many casks of all descriptions - I never sold one; this head belongs to the cask produced, and is mine; another mark on the other head has been partly scraped out - it is worth about 1l.
Cross-examined. Q. How many other persons are there of your name in the trade? A. Not one.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 68.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
