





1360. 
               
                  ARTHUR 
                  CAMPBELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of June
, 1 shawl, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Reeve
                     



                  , from the person of Frances, his wife
            .


                  FRANCES 
                  REEVE
               



            . I am the wife of William Reeve - he is a tin-plate worker
; we live in Shoreditch. On the 29th of June, about ten minutes past nine o'clock in the evening, I was in Bishopsgate-street


, going home, alone; my shawl was partly confined by my left shoulder, and I held one end in my hand, and near Angel-alley it was snatched off my shoulder by a sudden jerk, and I let go of it; I turned, and saw the prisoner, who was alone, about seven yards from me; I called Stop thief! and pursued him as far as I could into Little Angel-alley, and then lost sight of him; I saw my shawl in his possession: Sapwell asked what I had lost - I said a shawl, told him the colour, and showed him the spot where he went to; he immediately pursued, and in about nine minutes some person said, "We have got your shawl;" I saw Sapwell bringing the prisoner back - he produced the shawl.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMAN
               



            . I am constable of Bishopsgate. I was coming by Angel-alley; I found a crowd, and proceeded up the alley with Sapwell; I saw a quantity of people standing together - I went in among them, and went down the alley; a boy said, "It is is Hearty;" I found the prisoner in the house of one Steele, who keeps a chandler's-shop; he immediately pulled the shawl out from under his jacket; Mrs. Reeve claimed it. He made great resistance, but did not deny it.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



            . I am a constable. I was going by and heard the alarm. I saw this lady, who said she had lost her shawl; I went down the alley, and somebody said it was Hearty. I saw the prisoner in a shop, and took the shawl from under his waistcoat; he said a man gave it to him - this was within five minutes of my seeing Mrs. Reeve.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  RICHARD 
                  HALE
               



            . I was the first person who secured the prisoner, and saw the shawl taken from him; I saw him take it from the prosecutrix, and followed him, calling Stop thief! I never lost sight of him till he got into the shop; he was taken within ten minutes.
Prisoner's Defence. It is altogether false; if you will search his character he has a brother in Newgate now, and I do not think he is any better himself. A man ran up the alley, and dropped the shawl; I picked it up, and went to show it to the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
