






1301. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  ALLEN
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  COLEMAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Leonard Streate 
                        Cox
                     




                  , from his person
            .
LEONARD STREATE COX. I was in Cannon-street


, about half-past two o'clock on the 1st of June - I felt a smart pull at my handkerchief, which was safe half a minute before - I turned round, and seized Coleman, who was so near to me that I could not stretch my hand out at the full extent; I saw the other prisoner on the left of Coleman - he instantly moved round, and walked rather deliberately about ten yards, but, previous to that, I had accused Coleman of taking my handkerchief, which he stoutly denied - some one coming up I desired him to hold Coleman, supposing, that if he had not the handkerchief the other had - I ran after Allen, and the instant I began to run he run, and turned down Bush-lane, where two or three people stopped him on my calling Stop thief! I was with him almost instantly - I lost sight of him as he turned the lane; I brought him back - the handkerchief was given to me; I am not certain whether it was by Coleman himself or not, but it was taken from his bosom. It is but justice to state, that Coleman appeared very penitent, and I have also heard so from two or three persons who have called on me about him.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. You saw nothing found on Allen, nor saw him do any thing? A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRUMETT
               



            . I saw the two prisoners in Cannon-street, about half-past two o'clock, on the 1st of June; I watched and saw them walk together near Mr. Cox - I saw Allen lift up the tail of his coat with one hand, and, with the other, take out the handkerchief and give it to Coleman, who put it into his bosom; Mr. Cox turned round and laid hold of Coleman - I went and took hold of him, while he ran after Allen; I asked Coleman to give me the handkerchief, which he pulled out of his bosom and gave me - he said, at the watch-house, that he was in great distress.
Cross-examined. Q. Then Mr. Cox brought back Allen? A. Yes - he had lifted up the pocket quite gently - the prosecutor did not run after Allen till he had taken Coleman; when he took Coleman Allen was walking, and nearly across the street - Allen saw him catch hold of Coleman, and then dart at him, and he ran.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am an officer. Mr. Cox gave me this handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
ALLEN'S Defence. The witness is false - he says I ran across the road, and there is no road to run across.
Coleman received a good character.
ALLEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
COLEMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Confined Four Months
            .
