





1010. 
               
                  EDMUND 
                  WRIGHT
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
SECOND COUNT, for stealing four promissory notes for payment of 5l. each, value 20l., the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Winskill
               




            .


                  MARGARET 
                  WINSKILL
               



            . I am the wife of John Winskill, who keeps the White Hart public-house, Giltspur-street
 - the prisoner was in his service nearly three months, and was intrusted to take money. On Saturday, the 10th of February, I sent him with four 5l. Huntingdon notes, to go to Esdaile's to change them, and go to the Bank and get silver for them - he went about ten o'clock, and I directed him to be back by twelve o'clock - he said he should have plenty of time to return, but he never did return. My husband brought him back on the Saturday fortnight, and he was taken to the Compter - he never returned any thing that he got for these four notes.
JOHN WINSKILL. I was not at home when my wife delivered these notes to the prisoner; but I endeavoured to find out where he came from, and I found, by a letter, that his father lived at Harlstonham - I went there, and found him at Yarmouth - he said he was very sorry for what he had done; I found on him three sovereigns, and 14s. in the bag which his mistress gave him for the money - he had purchased a great coat for 3l. 10s., a hat, and a cloak, and taken a cloak out of pawn, and paid his expenses on the road; he said the money I found on him was all he had left - I had a character with him from Mr. Williams, of Aldersgate-street.


                  GEORGE 
                  HASLEWOOD WORRALL
               



            . I am an officer of St. Sepulchre's. I received the prisoner into custody at Mr. Winskill's house. I have the watch and great coat - he told Mr. Winskill this money was all he had left.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
