





2104. 
               
                  REUBEN 
                  JOSEPH
               




             was again indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 18th of September
, 7 silver spoons, value 1l. 2s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s.; 1silver cream-ladle, value 5s., and 2 silver knife-resters, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Ellett
                     




                  , spinster, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
ELIZABETH ELLETT. I live at Hayes, Middlesex


, which is six or seven miles from town. I lost the property stated in the indictment on the night of the 16th of September - I went to bed at ten o'clock, when the house was secure; but some persons entered during the night; we were frightened, and gave an alarm - they entered the front bed chamber window, by meads of a ladder. I got up about two o'clock, because I heard a noise - the thieves were in the house at the time, but went away when the alarm was given. Among the articles taken were those now produced, which I saw at Bow-street on Monday, the 24th of September; it was on a Sunday night they broke in; I do not know any thing of the prisoner; there was a spoon, a gold watch, a brooch, and other things taken, which I have not seen since; they were in my bed-chamber. This is old family plate, and has my initials on it now.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I went to help search the prisoner's house, and found the property stated in the indictment - White took it from the drawers.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . I executed a warrant on the 18th of September, when I found this property in some of the drawers in the back room; part is marked, and part not. The articles were not exposed for sale.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was this found at the same search as before? A. Yes; the prisoner opened the drawers, which was a place where I should expect to have found plate for family use; I dare say there was ten or fifteen times as much plate as this in value; excepting the articles in the indictments it has all been returned. We asked him how he came by it; he said, "I either purchased it, or got it in exchange;" it was exposed in the drawers; there was no concealment whatever.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I know nothing more about this plate, only that I went to Bow-street with the City officers.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. This is very old silver, and nearly worn out - we consider we are allowed to buy such. I have no guilty knowledge about it. I laid out a deal of money at the Duke of York's sale; I gave eighty-eight guineas for one article, and thirty for a gold-headed dagger. I wish - I had known it was necessary, I would have had Mr. Christie here.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
