





1232. 
               
                  MICHAEL BRYAN


               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of July
, a watch, value 3 l.; a coat, value 30 s., and a waistcoat, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Huckey
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Cuckland
                     



.


                  DANIEL 
                  HUCKEY
               



            . I am a groom
. The prisoner was groom to Colonel 
                  Stanmore

, who lives about two miles from our stables. On the 4th of July he came and told me his master was gone out of town, that he had had a child sworn to him, and asked leave to remain in my stables for a few nights; and on the 10th, when I came home, he said the Colonel was returned, and he was going back to him. I went next morning to the loft where he slept, and missed the articles stated in the indictment. I went to the Colonel's, and found he had left the service. I was going over Blackfriars-bridge next day, and saw him running before me - I pursued, and the officer took him, and found my watch in his pocket. It hung over the fire-place on the 9th, when I went to bed.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  PURDY
               



            . I am an officer. On the 12th July the prisoner ran by me. I saw Huckey pursuing him; he ran down Pedlar's-acre, into a coal-wharf, and finding it no thoroughfare, returned, and I took him. He pulled a watch out of his fob, and said,
"Here is your watch."
Prisoner's Defence. We were drinking together all the week; I pawned my jacket and waistcoat to get drink; he said his master was in prison, and he could get no money, and asked me to pawn his watch. They would not give what I asked for it. I spent the money, and was afraid to return.
DANIEL HUCKBY. I never gave him any thing to pawn.
GUILTY. Aged 27.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
             - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
