






1124. 
               
                  WILLIAM HENRY 
                  DUTTON, alias 
BARLTHRUP





            , and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MORGAN
               




            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of June
, a handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Harmer
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. JAMES HARMER. I am a solicitor
, On the 29th of June, about eleven o'clock, I left home and went down Saffron-hill, and into Mr. Galloway's, in West-street, when Lowe came in, and gave me information; I had not seen the prisoners near me, or missed my handkerchief: I pursued down West-street, and saw the prisoners in the middle of the street: I kept my eyes on them, and saw them gointo a chandler's shop - I followed them in very close, and shut the door; on entering I saw Dutton's hand more very quick, which made me suspect: I said
"Come, my young man, you have my handkerchief, give it to me;" he was making into the parlour; there was another way out of the house - I caught hold of him - he said
"Me got your handkerchief, Sir, you may search me;" I opened his coat but on turning my eye behind the counter, three or four yards, in the direction, I saw his hand go, I saw my handkerchief; while I pulled him a little way Morgan ran out, and Dutton nearly escaped out of his coat; Morgan was taken two days after: I am certain of his being the other; Dutton stated that he had not taken the handkerchief, but only went into the shop to buy it of Morgan: I saw Morgan in the Compter yesterday, and he said he had never seen it till Dutton shewed it to him in the shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LOWE
               



            . I am a gilder and work at Mr. Bowman's. I saw Mr. Harmer on Saffron hill; the prisoners were sitting on a step on the opposite side, and when Mr. Harmer passed about ten yards they got up, and followed him into West-street - I there saw Dutton take the handkerchief out of Mr. Harmer's pocket - Morgan was close to him - I know that the spot where they took it is in the City. Mr. Harmer got about twenty yards when I told him. I returned with him, and saw them go into the chandler's shop; I remained outside and saw Morgan run out - I lost him till next day - I have no doubt of his person.
GEORGE DUDLEY. I am an officer. Lowe pointed out the spot to me; it is in the City; I took Morgan in West-street next day; he told me Dutton gave him the handkerchief to sell.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
DUTTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
MORGAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 11.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
