





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Vaughan
               



            .
367. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     NICHOLLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of January
, 1 gold-mounted portrait, value 50s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Corfe
                        



                     
                  , and 1 brooch, value 50s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Corfe
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        George 
                        Corfe
                     



.
MR. CRESWELL conducted the prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  CORFE
               



            . I live at Hilton, in the parish of Isleworth


, I had a miniature portrait which I lost on Wednesday, the 7th of January; I saw it the preceding evening - it was brought down to show a lady, and left in my sister's bag.


                  ELIZA 
                  CORFE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's sister. He delivered this miniature of my uncle to me on the evening of the 6th of January; I put it into my bag, where I had a brooch and a book - I saw the bag safe at ten o'clock next morning, and about eleven a man came to the door, and in the evening, I missed them and a pink bag which they were in.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you been out that day? A. No; nor did I go into the garden.


                  ELIZA 
                  GIDDING
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Corfe. On the 7th of January, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came with a message from my father to Miss Corfe; I let him into the kitchen - fetched him a little wine, and saw him go away about one o'clock- nobody else had been there.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you known him long? A. My sister kept company with him; I have known him a year and a half - he bore a very indifferent character; I never kept company with him: he was not in any work.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I am a constable. I went in search of the prisoner, and found him on the 13th, about one o'clock in the night, coming to his lodgings: I took him to the cage - I went to his lodging before that, and in his box found this brooch and miniature, but not the bag: his door was not fast, but a chair against it: when I took him he said, "You have taken my box away -I heard that at the Nagg's Head public-house;" I said I had; I took him before the Magistrate next day, and he asked my leave to look into his box, which was on the ground - the Magistrate then asked if that was his box; he said it was: that was the box I found the property in- I had been waiting three hours for him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was sent there to inquire about a place; I was two hours in the kitchen, and as I walked out of the house I picked up the property - Gidding had asked me to come and dine there on the Sunday, and bring her sister; I thought if the property was inquired after I could tell them I had got it, but as I heard nothing of it I threw it into my box. 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.
Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
