






1351. 
               
                  ANN 
                  GORDON
               



             and 
               
                  SARAH 
                  BROWN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of July
, from the person of 
                     
                        William 
                        Lane
                     




                  , 3 5l. promissory notes, his property
            .
Mr. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM LANE. I am a timber merchant
, and live at Ipswich. On the 15th of July, between twelve and one o'clock at night, I was walking along Bishopsgate-street


 the prisoner Brown overtook me - she came on my left side, took hold of my arm, and asked where I was going; I said home, where she ought to be, and at that instant I felt her hand in my trousers pocket, and having three five-pound Ipswich notes loose there, I drew back, and saw her go forward; I directly missed my notes - a gentleman named Proctor crossed to me - I informed him and went on, and passed Brown standing on the pavement talking to a gentleman; I saw a watchman coming, and gave her in charge, without losing sight of her, except for a moment- he took her to the watch-house - she was searched, but nothing found; somebody came into the watch-house - the officer went out and very shortly brought Gordon in - the officer searched her and said, "Sir, I have found your notes;" I said "If they are mine, I will tell you the name of the Bank and number;" they were produced, and were what I stated; I was quite sober, and had not spoken to her.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you married? A. Yes; business brought me to town; I had been over Blackfriars'-bridge about some timber, and left there after eleven o'clock - only one woman came up to me; I must have seen if another had come up.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Why not seize her directly? A. I did not wish to make a disturbance till I found a watchman.


                  GEORGE 
                  TENANT
               



            . I am captain of an India-man, and live in Hackney-fields. I was in Bishopsgate-street, going home, and saw Mr. Lane by the church; Brown was holding his arm; he appeared to be shaking her off; they went on before me, and about Liverpool-street she left him abruptly, and turned towards me; Gordon met her, and they got into close conversation, within two minutes of her leaving Mr. Lane; Brown was taken to the watch-house; Gordon was brought in, and I recognized her as the same woman - the three notes were found on her.
Cross-examined. Q. She had left Lane two minutes before Gordon joined her? A. Yes; I saw them join eachother; Gordon had been standing by the church; I did not see her near Mr. Lane; I had dined with my sister, and was quite sober.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Was Brown with Mr. Lane when you first saw him? A. Yes; Gordon stood not six yards off, and within sight, when he shook Brown off.


                  JAMES 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am a constable. Brown was brought to the watch-house, and in a few minutes a girl came in to inquire for her; the girl was questioned - an officer went out, who brought in Gordon in three or four minutes; she resisted violently on being searched; I got hold of her left hand, and she threw her right hand behind her, in which she said was a napkin, and, on the spot where she was, Lock picked up the three 5l. notes, which Mr. Lane identified; Brown had not been in that part of the watch-house.


                  GEORGE 
                  LOCK
               



            . I went out and took Gordon in Houndsditch, thirty yards from the watch-house - I picked up the notes in the watch-house - they were squeezed together.
MR. LANE. They are mine.
BROWN's Defence. I never saw the gentleman till he gave charge of me.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GORDON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
