





ELEVENTH DAY, MONDAY, DECEMBER 17.
144. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HARVEY
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               fraud
            .


                     MARGARET 
                     BOLTON
                  




               
            . I live in Charles-street, Hatton-garden. I have known Felton four or five years; he is a printer. On the 1st of November in the morning he gave me twenty-five sovereigns to keep for him. I and Felton met the prisoner the day before; Felton was looking for a small house for me; Harvey said he would find him a house. An agreement was drawn up on the 1st of November
 for a house; he said he would not let it to his own brother without a deposit, and 2 l. deposit was given him at the White Bear, Barbican, where we had some refreshment. I went out, and on returning the prisoner stood at the door of the White Bear; we went into the parlour; Felton was not there; I asked where he was: the prisoner said he was not well, and was gone into the yard: and he had told Felton he had some cattle to pay for in the market, and it would save him going to Bethnall-green for it, and that Felton authorized him to come to me for what sum he wanted; I asked what sum: he said I might let him have two sovereigns: and then he said it was not enough, I might let him have another, which I gave him; he put them in his pocket. He then nudged my elbow, and told me not to tell Felton, and he would return them on Saturday; he then got up, and said he would see me and Felton in a day or two, for if he was not in the market at 3 o'clock he should be fined 10 l.
Prisoner. Q. When did you come to Bethnall-green to take a furnished house, and say you were Mrs. Felton? - A. I never said so. Only Wallis was present when I gave him the sovereigns; two gentlemen were there before. Felton took me to him, and told him to pay the money he had extorted from me; he said he would not, we might go and be d - d.


                  RICHARD 
                  FELTON
               



            . I am a printer and commercial agent. I saw the prisoner last at Rumford. On the 31st of October, Bolton and I were in search of a house; we went into an eating-house at Battle-bridge; the prisoner accidently looked in at the window, Bolton said "What does that ill-looking fellow want with us;" I said, I believed he was an honest man. I went to him and told him our business; he proposed to let me have a house at 25 l. a year, or 40 l. a year if furnished; we looked at it, and agreed to take it furnished. I gave him 2 l. deposit, and produced his receipt; he said nothing about security. We were to take possession on the 7th of November. Next morning Wallis and Bolton informed me of this, and said he had promised to return it on Saturday at ten o'clock; he did not come, and I went to his house, but could not find him; but I met him on Wednesday by appointment at the Black Bull, Smithfield. On the 7th he brought me a bill for 15 l. he said it was for a forfeit of 10 l. in not having the house ready, and 2 l. deposit. I asked what the other three was for, he would not explain, but I told him; he then said "Did Bolton tell you of that;" I said "Yes: and I will stick to you as tight as wax."
Q. On the 1st of November did he tell you he had some cattle to pay for at Smithfield, and ask you to advance him 3 l. - A. No: I never authorized him to ask Bolton for what he wanted, or any thing of the kind. She does not live with me. I have known her parents for years.
Prisoner. Q. Did you summons me? - A. Yes, for the deposit; not for the 3 l.


                  MARY 
                  ANN WALLIS
               



            . I was with Mrs. Bolton. Harvey came into the parlour and said Felton had authorized him to have what money he wanted from her, and he wanted 2 l. then he said another would do, for it would serve him going home, and save him 10 l. in the market; he nudged her elbows, told her not to tell Felton, and he would bring it her on Saturday morning.
Prisoner's Defence. They came and said if I returned them the 2 l. they would not prosecute me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30
         




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before 
               Wm. Arabin
            , Esq.
