





65. 
               
                  
                     LOUISA 
                     HESKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of November
, 2 dresses, value 2l. 10s.; 1 gown, value 3s.; 1 pair of stays, value 5s.; 2 bed-gowns, value 2s.; 3 petticoats, value 4s.; 1 shawl, value 10s.; 1 pair of boots, value 3s.; 11 handkerchiefs, value 11s.; 9 neckerchiefs, value 12s.: 11 caps, value 11s.; 4 aprons, value 5s.: 3 pairs of stockings, value 18d.; 2 thimbles, value 18d.; 3 boxes, value 3s.; 2 silver spoons, value 4s., and 1 bonnet, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Frances 
                           Needham
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of George Hale
            .
FRANCES NEEDHAM. I am a widow
, and lodge at 
               
                  John 
                  Hale
               



            's in Clipstone-street


, Fitzroy-square - the prisoner came there six or seven weeks before this, as a servant
 out of place, and slept with me; I did not know her before. On the 6th of November I went out a little after ten o'clock, and left her at home - I returned at three; she was gone, and I missed all this property, part from the drawers, and part from a box: I found her at the watch-house about one o'clock that night, with the property.


                  JOHN 
                  QUIN
               



            . I belonged to the Police, and received information of this robbery, when on my heat, on the 6th of November, and a few minutes to one o'clock in the night I found the prisoner in Bainbridge-street, St. Giles', with another girl; she stopped at this girl's lodging - I detained her, went into the girl's house, and found the property; she said she had left it there.


                  MARY 
                  ANN
               



             LLEWELYN. I have known the prisoner four months - she came to me on the 6th of November, at five o'clock in the evening, with a trunk, to lodge with me for two or three days; she asked me to go to the Theatre with her - we went, leaving the property in my place, where the officer found it.
Prisoner. She was the first who persuaded me to commit the robbery. Witness. I never did, on my oath.
ALPRED 
               
                  JOHN 
                  LIST
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 6th of November I found the trunk at Llewelyn's room, containing the property.


                  JAMES 
                  STEWART WALLIS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Aldous, a pawnbroker, of Berwick-street. I have a gown, shawl, shift, four towels, and a pelisse, pawned by the prisoner, on the 6th of November.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Another lodger robbed her as well as me - she accuses me of both robberies.




               GUILTY (of stealing only)
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First London Jury - Before Mr. Justice Littledale.
