





1934. 
               
                  MARY 
                  PINFOLD, alias 
ELIZABETH BELLAMY





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of July
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 chain, value 20s.; 1 seal, value 5s., and 2 keys, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Dyson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
GEORGE DYSON, On the 20th of July, about nine o'clock at night, I was coming down Fleet-street, with Mr. Wilkinson, and had my watch in my pocket; I was not sober; I think we went into a public-house; I do not know whether any women came to me.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What did you have? A. A glass of ale; I was drunk. I cannot tell whether any women were there; I do not remember any thing about it.


                  JOHN 
                  WILKINSON
               



            . I was with Dyson, coming from Westiminster - he had his watch in Fleet-street; we went on, and in Smithfield, a female asked him to treat her with something to drink, which he did; we went into a housein Smithfield


, and several females were there; the prisoner was one of them. In a short time he fell asleep in the house; I immediately sent for a coach; when it came I awoke him, and did the best I could to get him into it, and then I missed his watch, which I had seen safe in the house ten minutes before. I took him back into the house directly, and an alarm was given - the prisoner was not in the house then, but the other females were; the watchman went out, and in a very few minutes brought the prisoner in with the watch.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you quite sober? A. I do not mean to say that I was - I knew what I was about; I do not know where we had dined. We had left Westminster between seven and eight o'clock, and had not been wandering about - we were at a public-house, and had some ale after that; I do not know how much we drank - we might be in that house two hours; I swear we did not drink two quarts of ale; we had three glasses of gin and water at Westminster; the prosecutor was not very tipsy; he treated some people with drink in Smithfield; I do not think be drank himself there - I did not see all he did there; he might have given the watch to somebody - I did not see him take it out.


                  GEORGE 
                  BUSH
               



            . I am a watchman. I was in Smithfield, and saw a hackney-coach near the Bull and Butcher public-house, and a mob about it; I saw the prosecutor come out of the house. Wilkinson and the prisoner were with him - one had hold of each arm; the prosecutor was stooping, and all in a minute I saw the prisoner start round the coach and run across the street - Wilkinson said,"Where is your watch, Dyson?" - Dyson said, "I do'nt know." Hawes said something, and I pursued the prisoner; we found a person dressed very much like her, and took her first by mistake - we went down to the bottom of West-street, and took the prisoner in a court there; I said, "What was it you took from the man at the Bull and Butcher?" she pulled out the watch and gave it to me - I am certain she is the girl whom I saw close to Dyson. I saw her every night; I took her within ten minutes.
Cross-examined. Q. She had ten minutes to get away with it? A. Yes - Wilkinson was rather gone, but not so drunk as Dyson; he was unable to walk; I thought the other was the girl at first.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I am a watchman. I was in West-street. Bush came and asked if I had seen Pinfold - I said No - we went and found her in a court - I said I wanted her; she said, "I know what you want, it is here, take it, this is the watch."


                  JAMES 
                  HAWES
               



            . I keep the Bull and Butcher public-house. I saw the witnesses at my house - Dyson appeared in liquor, but not Mr. Wilkinson - I recollect seeing Mr. Dyson's seal hanging out, as he left the house; there were three girls with him when he first came in; they brought in two girls, and the prisoner was the third - I assisted him into the coach; there was a great mob round the door, and the girls were very officious - one carrying his hat, and the other helping him along - I did not see the prisoner there after that.
Cross-examined. Q. Mr. Wilkinson was rather sober by your account? A. Yes; he ordered brandy and water, and paid for it, and shared it with the girls.


                  EVAN 
                  JONES
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, with the watch.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
