






907. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     STONG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of July
, one watch, value 30 l.; one chain, value 5 l.; two seals, value 4 l., and one key, value 1 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Knox
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  MARSHALL
               



            . I am a shoemaker. On the 15th of July. I was coming from a friend's, at Ratcliff, across Tower-hill, and up the Minories, I saw eight or ten men surround Mr. Knox; I immediately went to assist him, and saw the prisoner with the watch in his possession - I saw the seals through his fingers - I did not see him receive or take it. I collared him, and tried to take it from him, but he knocked me down. I got up, seized him again, and he dropped the watch. I made a second attempt to pick it up, and was knocked down again. I held him till we got him into a shop - somebody picked the watch up, and gave it to the prosecutor. I am certain the prisoner is the man. I did not let him go for a moment.


                  DAVID 
                  KNOX
               



            . On the 15th of July, the glass-blowers were going in possession, I stood at the corner of the Minories


, and was hustled by six or seven men, the prisoner came up, I felt my seals go, and seized him; I held him, called for assistance, and never quitted him till he was secured. The watch was picked up, without the case, and given to me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to Newgate-market, and stopped at the corner of America-square; some men robbed the gentleman, and they collared me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
