





1354. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DUCKWORTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Burton
                        




                     
                  , the younger, from his person
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  BURTON
               



            . I am a stationer
. On the 11th of June, at a quarter past seven o'clock in the evening, I was on Ludgate-street


 - I did not miss my pocket handkerchief, but received information, turned and followed the prisoner - he turned into a court, went into a passage, and the handkerchief was found in that passage, but I did not see him drop it.
JOSEPH BROADHURST. I saw the prosecutor on Ludgate-hill; the prisoner and another young man followed him - one of the two 
               drew
             a handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket; I ran across the road, and informed him of it - the prisoner ran; I pursued him up Ave-Maria-lane - he went into a passage of a house; he came out- I stopped him; while I held him, a gentleman in the house brought out the handkerchief - I am sure one of them took it, but I cannot say which; they were close together, and the prisoner ran into the passage.


                  JAMES 
                  WILLMOTT
               



            . I am an officer. I was coming down Paternoster-row; I saw the witness with the prisoner - I came up and took him; he said, "I did not steal the handkerchief."(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to Greenwich-fair, and thought I would not go to work till the morning; several gentlemen were going down Warwick-lane - I went down a turning, and was caught hold of, but I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
