






EIGHT DAY. THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 26.
Middlesex Cases, Second Jury. Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
557. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WATSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 15th of January
, a candlestick, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Freeman
                        



                     
                  , and a book, value 4 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Starling
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I live in Providence-row, Finsbury


. On the 15th of January, Bridges came and asked if I had lost any thing, I looked round my shop, and missed a candlestick from about five yards from the door - it was safe five minutes before; he desired me to follow him, and we overtook Watson in Long-alley, looking into a chandler's-shop. I saw Bridges take the candlestick and book from him, and in the chandler's-shop we found Smith.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  STARLING
               



            . Here is a book which was taken from my shop, on the 15th of January. I did not see either of the prisoners there.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BRIDGES
               



            . I am a headborough. On the evening of the 15th of January, I followed the prisoners down Windmill-street to Providence-row, and saw the prisoner Smith go into Mr. Freeman's shop, and come out directly - Watson was waiting about five yards off, pretending to be about a certain purpose - I looked them both in the face, then ran into Freeman's shop - we crossed Finsbury-market. I saw Watson looking in at the chandler's-shop with the candlestick in his hand, and the book under his arm. I pushed him into the shop, and took Smith - he said he knew nothing of Smith.
WATSON pleaded distress.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Confined Six Months
            .
WATSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
