






803. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  LOFTUS
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  PHILLIPS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of April
, 9lbs. of mustard, value 9s., and 1 cask, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Wilkins
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Wilkins
               



            .
JOHN WILKINS. I am a confectioner

, in partnership with Edward Wilkins - we live in St. John-street


. On the 4th of April, between three and four o'clock, I saw a person going out of the shop, and missed this cask of mustard from the counter - I followed, and saw it in the possession of Loftus - the officer stopped him, and he dropped it.


                  JOHN 
                  CHARLES CUMMINS
               



            . I am a patrol. I was at the corner of St. John-lane, and saw the prisoners in company with another person - I watched them all up to the prosecutors' shop; they at first looked in at the window, and then went away - Phillips then passed the window, and looked in at the door - he nodded to Loftus, who stood on the other side of the way. Loftus then went into the door, and the third man stood where Loftus had come from; Loftus came out with something in his apron, and followed Phillips, who crossed the road. The other man got away. The prisoners came towards us - Mr. Wilkins came out, and secured Loftus, who dropped this cask of mustard, and I secured Phillips.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a constable, and was with Cummins. I saw these three persons round a chaise cart- we watched them, but I did not see Loftus go into the shop, as my head was turned; I saw him come out with the cask in his apron, he dropped it, and I collared him; he made a great resistance.(Property produced and sworn to.)
LOFTUS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
PHILLIPS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
