





1146. 
               
                  KATHARINE 
                  COLLINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of May
, 1 hat, value 5s., and 1 sovereign, the property of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Clark
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ROBERT CLARK. I am a seaman
. I have known the prisoner three or four years, by seeing her sell oysters
 in Ratcliff-highway; she came into a house where I was on the 12th of May, and I went with her sister to a house in Sun-court


; while I was there the prisoner came in, and answered as mistress of the house - she asked for the money; I gave her 3s. out of my pocket - I had three or four sovereigns in my pocket; I took my money out in my hand, and the prisoner said, "What is that?" I said a sovereign; she said, "Let me look at it?" I said I would if she would give it me back: she snatched it out of my hand, and ran away; I pursued her; a man stood at the door, who struck me on the forehead; I caught hold of him and the prisoner, and sung out for the watchman - I should have kept them till he came up, but an old woman came up and assailed me, and I was forced to let them go; I had left my hat up stairs, and when I went up again it was gone - I was quite sober.


                  JOHN 
                  KAILL
               



            . I am the watchman. The witness called me; I went to the house, but before I got there they were all gone; the witness seemed quite sober, and said he had lost a sovereign and a hat; I afterwards met the prisoner and her mother going along the Back-lane-road; the prosecutor said that was the woman, and gave her in charge; she said she knew nothing about it; I took her to the watch-house.
Prisoner's Defence. My sister rents a room in Sun-court; my mother came to me at half-past ten o'clock at night, and said a man was there, and there was a piece of work in her room, and somebody was robbed; I met the prosecutor and the watchman; he looked at me, and said,"I think that is the person."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
