





1401. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WESTLEY
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        William 
                        McDonald
                     




                  , on the King's highway, on the 11th of July
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 watch-chain, value 6s., and 1 key, value 2s., his property
            .
WILLIAM McDONALD. I am an engineer
. On the 11th of July, about eleven o'clock at night, I was going up Lemon-street, Whitechapel


, in my way home to Stratford; the prisoner rushed violently against me, and begged my pardon, but at the same drew out my watch - it did not make me stagger - the ring which joined the chain to the watch broke, and he got the chain and key; I caught my watch in one hand, and him with the other - I gave him to the watchman - the chain has not been found.
Prisoner. Q. Had you been in any company? A. I left some friends at the Rose and Crown public-house, Thames-street; I had been drinking, but was quite sensible - I was walking straight on, and did not fall against you. My chain was safe when he rushed against me, I am certain - I knocked him down instantly - he had no chance of resistance.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COLLUMBINE
               



            . I am a watchman. I was going down the street, and saw the prisoner and prosecutor in a skirmish - about six people were round by the time I got up; he said the prisoner had snatched at his watch, but only got the chain and key - the prisoner said he would go to the watchhouse and he searched; McDonald was calling Watch! he appeared to have been drinking, but was sober, and walked very well to the watch-house, which is half a mile, without staggering at all.
Prisoner's Defence. The gentleman was reeling along - he caught hold of me, and accused me of stealing his chain - I said I was willing to be searched - 
he threw me on the ground and detained me.




               GUILTY. Of stealing from the person only
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
