





London Cases, Before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
1251. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of September
, a wooden box, value 1 s.; a pelisse, value 3 l.; a cloak, value 20 s.; a shawl, value 10 s.; a tin box, value 2 s.; a tea-caddy, value 15 s.; a reticule, value 2 s.; a hearth brush, value 1 s., and a pair of sheets, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Holt
                  



               
             and others, his partners.
SECOND COUNT, stating them to belong to 
               
                  William 
                  Fuller
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  FULLER
               



            . I am carman
 to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Holt
               



            , who has other partners; they keep the Axe inn
, Aldermanbury, and are carriers
. On the 11th of September, about one o'clock in the day, I stopped for a few minutes with my waggon at the Three Tuns, public-house, Brook-street, Holborn, for refreshment; I was on my way to Somer's-town - I left a wooden box in the waggon; the landlord sent a boy out to look after it - he alarmed me; I went out, and missed the box from the off-side of the waggon, and in less than two minutes I saw it on the prisoner's shoulder; I stopped him in Fetter-lane with it, and asked where he was going with it; he said a gentleman asked him to carry it - he attempted to get from me, but I held him; he was alone.
WILLIAM BARKER. I am an agent. I know this box by its being sent from Holt's wharf, at Liverpool; my wife packed it up: I know the box, and several things in it. I have the key of it; I opened it, and found the articles mentioned in the indictment in it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LOVELL
               



            . I am porter at the Three Tuns, and was directed to watch the waggon, and saw a tall man go away from it with this box; he was three or four yards from the waggon, but supposing he had come from the waggon I ran in, and told the man - we both immediately went in pursuit: I did not see him taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WAINWRIGHT
               



            . I am an officer, and received him in charge with the property. He said voluntarily that distress caused him to do it, but on Monday he denied saying so.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am a porter. A man came to me, and asked if I would carry it for him - I was going to put it on my knot, but he said he was in a hurry, and I had only to take it to a coach; he ran after me towards Fetter-lane, and then I could not see him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
