






280. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LLOYD
                  



               
             were 


               indicted for a conspiracy
            .
For the Prosecution, MR. ADOLPHUS.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARSH
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  Roland 
                  Hunter
               



            , who is a bookseller, and lives in St. Paul's Church-yard. On the 8th of November Smith came to our shop. and enquired the price of Hume and Smollett's History of England? for Captain Cater. I told him 5 l. 17 s. and asked him if I should write it on a piece of paper? He said Yes, and so I did - Captain Cater is well known at our house as a customer. On the 8th of January he came again and delivered me a letter; he wished to take the books with him. I said we had not got them bound, but had them in boards, which I would send by him, but as Captain Cater wished to have them bound, I thought it better to let him know before I sent them in boards. I then wrote a note to Captain Cater, and delivered it to Smith, who said he had been in his employ for three weeks, and he was not sure but that he should be taken as a regular servant. He left with the note, and when Mr. Hunter came home I shewed him the letter that I had received. I never saw Lloyd.
Letter read,
Captain Cater's compliments to Mr. Huater, will feel himself obliged if he will send by bearer, Hume and Smollett's History of England, bound, as I want it for a particular friend, to send into the country on Monday morning.
January 8, Union-place, New-road.

MR. ROWLAND HUNTER. I saw the letter which has just been read, on the 8th of January. I know Captain Cater very well. The moment I saw it I was satisfied that it was neither his writing or style. On Monday, the 10th, Lloyd came to my shop, and said he came from Captain Cater to see the books. I asked him what books? He said Hume and Smollett's History of England, and I shewed them to him in boards. He asked the price? I told him 5 l. 4 s.; he said Mrs. Cater had received a note, stating the price at 5 l. 17 s. I asked him from what house she received it? He said,
"This house, some time back." I examined the catalogue, and found that the preceeding edition had been published at 9 s. a volume, and this at 8 s. He said Captain Cater was his uncle, and that he would let me know farther about it. In the evening Smith came and said he was come for the books for Captain Cater. I asked him what books? He said Hume and Smollett's History of England. I asked him if he had brought a note from the Captain? - it was usual for him to send one for what books he wanted; he said he had not, but that a gentleman had called about them - nobody but Lloyd had called. I then delivered him the books with a bill of parcels, by his desire, and he took them away. I had provided a constable outside to apprehend him.
CAPTAIN 
               
                  HENRY 
                  CATER
               



            . I live in Union-place, New-road; Lloyd was my servant
 about three or four years ago - he is no relation to me; I do not know Smith. I never employed either of them to go to Mr. Hunter's - the letter is not my writing. I have every reason to believe it to be Lloyd's.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRESTIGE
               



            . I apprehended Lloyd in Mortimer-street, Marylebone.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I apprehended Smith within a yard of Mr. Hunter's door, with the books and bill under his arm.
SMITH'S Defence. Lloyd gave me the letter to fetch the books.
LLOYD'S Defence. I gave him the letter, but it was not my writing.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            .
LLOYD - 

               GUILTY
            .





               Confined Six Months
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
