






1419. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WARD
                  



               
             and the said 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     PEACOCK
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of September, a pair of sheets, value 8 s.; a blanket, value 5 s.; and a looking-glass, value 18 d., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Labdon
                     




                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  ANN 
                  LABDON
               



            . My husband's name is James - we live in Bennett-street, Westminster


. Early in September, I let Peacock a room for a few nights; he afterwards brought Ward, and I then let them the back parlour, at 5 s. 6 d. a week, furnished - they were to pay equal shares; they took it on Saturday, and on Wednesday morning, between five and six o'clock, I heard a bustle in the room, and saw Ward go down with a bundle - I ran to the door and called to Peacock, and said,
"Pray let me have my room - I don't mind; I will forgive you the rent;" he said he was naked, and into the room I must not come - he bolted the door and got out of window. I got into the room at night, and missed this property. I never saw them afterwards.


                  JAMES 
                  LABDON
               



            . I went after the prisoners, and found Ward about a week after he left - he was rescued in Duck-lane, but I caught him next night.



                  BENJAMIN 
                  TIMBRELL
               



            . I am a constable. I took Ward at the White Lion, public-house, in Duck-lane, among about sixteen bad characters, who tried to rescue him. I got him to the watch-house with much difficulty, but found nothing on him.
WARD's Defence. The things I took out were only my linen for the wash.
PEACOCK's Defence. What the woman says is very wrong - I came back to the house afterwards.
WARD - 

               GUILTY
            .
PEACOCK - 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
