






2194. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MURPHY, alias 
BURNS





            , and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PURCELL
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of October
, four spoke-shaves, value 2s.; 1 saw, value 1s. 6d., and 4 pairs of compasses, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Miles
               




            .


                  EDWARD 
                  PERRY
               



            . I live in Thomas-street, St. George's. On the 16th of October, about seven o'clock in the morning, a person called, and gave me information; I went down into my kitchen, and found four boys - they all ran up, leaving these tools - I am sure the prisoners were two of the boys; they had no right in my kitchen; I knew them all before - they must have brought the tools there, for they were not there five minutes before.
GEORGE MILES. I am a cooper
; these are all my tools - I lost them between the 13th and 16th of October, from a room over a stable, in Camomile-buildings


 - the door was locked, but they got on the tiles, and broke through the lath and plaster into the room; I know nothing of the prisoners - my house is a very short distance from Perry's - he is a chimney sweeper; the kitchen he speaks of is where his boys go.


                  JAMES 
                  FLANNAGAN
               



            . I know the prisoners; I saw them the day before they were taken, with some tools, at that house; they were compasses and planes, which had been taken from the prosecutor's.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REDDING
               



            . I am beadle of Mary-le-bone. I met Miles in Welbeck-street; he gave me information; I went, and found these tools in Perry's kitchen.
MURPHY'S Defence. One of his boys told us to come down and see what he had.
MURPHY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
PURCELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
