





848. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  CLARK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of March
, 3 half-crowns, the monies of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Lloyd
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD LLOYD. I am a servant
 to the Duke of Gloucester; I work in his stable. On the 21st of March, about twelve o'clock at night, I was in Engine-street, Piccadilly - I had met with some friends, and was detained, but I was quite sober - the prisoner, who was quite a stranger, came up to me, and asked me to go with her - I went with her into Brigg-street


; it is not a very retired street, but more so than Piccadilly; I had five half-crowns and six shillings loose in my pocket when I got up the street; I felt her hand twice in my breeches pocket, and I pulled it away - my pocket was not buttoned - I then left her, and missed three half-crowns from my pocket; I went back, and accused her of having taken it: I had been with her about five minutes, and given her 1s.; she had not been out of my sight; when I missed my money I accused her of it, and she said she had done no such thing - I charged the watchman with her, and she then gave me two half-crowns; she was taken to the watch-house, and there delivered up the other half-crown and shilling; no money could have fallen from me; I was not undressed.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am the watchman. I was on duty; the witness called me, and gave charge of the prisoner for taking three half-crowns; she denied it, and said the money she had about her she had picked up; she then gave up two half-crowns, and denied having any more; on the way to the watch-house she wanted Lloyd to give me something, and she would give me something to let her go and have done with the business; when we got to the watch-house she gave something to the constable, but I did not see what it was.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoner was brought in, and I desired her to pull out what money she had, to prevent my searching her; she then pulled out half-a-crown and one shilling; I did not hear her say she had no money; the prosecutor was quite sober.
Prisoner's Defence. I met him in Park-lane; I went down the mews with him - he gave me 1s., and staid with me about five minutes; he then said I had robbed him of three half-crowns; I said I had only one half-crown; he called the watchman, and said I had given him two half-crowns, and if I did not give him the other he would give charge of me - as we were going along, the prosecutor said if I would give him 3s. he would let me go, that he would give 3d. to the watchman, and should do the same and go away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
