





723. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  FOX
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of February
, 6 shillings and 3 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  John 
                  Jones
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  JONES
               



            . I am the wife of John Jones - we live in Maiden-lane


. On the 4th of February I went into the shop to snuff the candle, and found the prisoner under the counter; he rose up, and I caught hold of his collar: I found the till drawn half way out, and the bowl in which the silver had been in the till, laying by his side on the ground; I had seen it safe when he came in at half-past seven - he asked for a pint of small beer - I said I would rather not serve him; he asked again, and then I said I would draw it for him if he would go out again directly - he put me down a sixpence, and then I saw the money was all safe in my till - there was six shillings and three sixpences; he then had a pennyworth of bread, and four pennyworth of meat, which came to the whole of his sixpence - he was at this time sitting on a form in the shop.


                  JAMES 
                  GROOM
               



            . Mrs. Jones's girl came to my house, and asked me to step in - I went in and found the prisoner there; Mrs. Jones had him by the collar - she said, "He has taken out my till, and got out my money" - he said,"I have no money but four shillings of my own about me."


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PARRETT
               



            . I took the prisoner - he produced 7s. 6d. and one halfpenny, which he said was his own money.


                  JOHN 
                  HUTT
               



            . I am the watch-house keeper - I produce these six shillings and three sixpences, which I received from Parrett.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to the shop - I asked for a pint of beer, which I got; I then asked if she had any cooked meat - she said, "No, but here are some saveloys;" I said, "Just warm one," which she did - I then had a penny loaf, and gave some persons who were in the shop part of the beer: I then knocked at the room door - Mrs. Jones came out and said, "What do you want here?" - I said I wanted another pint of beer, and that I had called for it twice, and that she had not heard me; she then asked the two persons in the shop if I had - they said they were asleep, and had not heard me: she then went to the counter, and said, "My till is out, and I have lost four or five shillings I know" - I said,
"I have six shillings and three sixpences of my own money."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
