






London Cases, Before Mr. Recorder.
866. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DUFFY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KELLY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of June
, a handkerchief, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hemp
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEMP
               



            . I am a Sheriff's officer
, and live in Searles-place, Carey-street. On the 16th of June, about one o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Giltspur-street


. I felt something at my pocket, and on turning round, I found Duffy close behind me, and Kelly close behind him. I missed my handkerchief, which was safe five minutes before. I accused them of it; Duffy moved a little on one side, and I saw it drop from Kelly - I seized him and took him to the Compter. Duffy ran off down Cock-lane, but was brought back in about ten minutes. My handkerchief was picked up. I gave them in charge.
Prisoner KELLY. Q. Was it dropped before or behind me - A. Rather before him - it appeared to be conveying from one to the other.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRINKWATER
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner in charge at the Compter.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  ALLINGHAM
               



            . I am assistant to Mr. Hemp. I was walking close to him; he turned suddenly round, which drew my attention - I turned and saw he had Kelly by the collar; the handkerchief lay on the ground close to him - one of the prisoners must have dropped it. Duffy ran down Cock-lane; I pursued, he was stopped near Snow-hill, without my losing sight of him.
KELLY'S Defence. I was walking in Giltspur-street, with my fellow prisoner, and behind these two gentlemen, I saw nothing pass, but the gentleman turned round and collared me.
DUFFY'S Defence. A cart was coming along, and I ran between the gentlemen to get out of the way.
DUFFY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
KELLY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Life
            .
