





630. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  GRIFFITHS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing' on the 8th of January
, 1 watch, value 30s.; 1 watch-chain' value 8d.; part of a watch-key, value 1s.; 1 seal, value 5s., and 1 hat, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Godwin
               




            .
RICHARD GODWIN. I am a carman
, and live in Chapel-street, Hackney-road


. On the 7th of January I went home in the evening, and went to bed about half-past ten o'clock; I might fall asleep about eleven o'clock. When I went to bed, the landlord, the landlady, an apprentice-boy, the prisoner (who lodged in the house), and a woman were in the room, but the females went out while I went to bed; I put my watch face downwards on the pressbedstead, and my hat was in the room; the next morning I missed them; my land lady asked what I had done with my watch - I said I had left it on the top of the bedstead; I have never got them since; the prisoner left his own hat in the room - he absconded that night, and was not seen till he was taken up.


                  JAMES 
                  VIGO
               



            . I am an apprentice - I lodged in that house, and slept with the prisoner. On the night of the 7th of January my master had a female visitor, and we sat in the prosecutor's room; about half-past ten o'clock my master said to me, "You may go to bed," but I did not - I was cleaning up the work-shop; at eleven o'clock my master and his daughter came up to go to bed; I saw the watch on the bedstead with the face downwards; the prisoner was in the room - the prosecutor was in bed, and appearedto be asleep; I took my shirt down stairs to air it, and went to bed about half-past eleven o'clock; my mistress heard the street door go, she went down and missed the watch - the prisoner was then gone - he had lodged there about a month.


                  ANN 
                  TARNER
               



            . I am the landlady of the house. A friend came to see me that night, and I went home with her after Godwin went to bed; I went out about ten minutes to eleven o'clock, returned in about twenty minutes, and knocked at the door - my little girl let me in; I said,"Why did not the apprentice let me in?" I went to the apprentice's room, and asked him where the prisoner was; he said he believed he was in Godwin's room; I went there, and found him asleep; I touched him, and said,"Are you not going to bed?" he got up, and I thought went into the yard - I then went up stairs - in about two minutes I heard the street door go; I went down, and missed the prisoner and the watch.


                  EDWARD 
                  SOUTHWOOD
               



            . I took up the prisoner on the 7th of February; I could not find him before. As I was taking him to Worship-street, I asked him what he had done with the watch; he said, "If there were not a second indictment coming against me, you might know something about it; but you shan't know anything now."
Prisoner's Defence. I left my lodging certainly that night, but I did not take the property; I was not very well pleased with my landlord and landlady's behaviour - I went to Gravesend, and got a note to go on board a ship, and when I came to London again I was taken in Kingsland-road.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
