






471. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  RYAN
               




             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Just
                     




                  , on the night of the 5th of February
, and stealing 3 blankets, value 10s.; a quilt, value 2s.; a sheet, value 6d., and a piece of baize, value 6d.
            , his property.
WILLIAM JUST, JUN. I am fifteen years old. My father lives at Hoxton


. On the night of the 5th of February I was in my father's yard and heard something like the smash of a window, which I mentioned to my mother. My father went out, for half an hour, in the evening - my mother then said the place had been stripped - upon which I went to fetch my father - as I was going along I saw the prisoner and another man - this was about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, and only a few minutes' walk from my father's house - the prisoner walked before me and the other man over the way - as soon as the prisoner saw me he went on the other side of the road with a dark bundle; the man on the other side had a white bundle; I believe the prisoner noticed that I saw him cross over to his companion. I got before them and they looked at me very hard; I kept my eye upon them; when I got a little further towards the Whitmore's Head public-house, I saw my father and a boy coming, and I said "Father, here they are?" I saw the dark bundle pitched over the wall, where it was afterwards found - he ran away - my father laid hold of the prisoner, and gave him to a gentleman, and then ran after the other towards the Robin Hood, public-house. When my father returned back, he was about to let the prisoner go - he said he was a hard-working lad; my father looked at his shoes, which were not like a tradesman. My father said "Where do you work?" but he could not tell; he then gave him in charge.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. It was night when you were walking in the street, and saw the prisoner? A. Yes; the reason why I could see them behind me was because I kept turning my eye round all the time - I walked sideways - at this time there was no person nigh. The prisoner's shoes and breeches were all over mortar - he said the roads were muddy, and he had fell down, but I did not see him fall - I ran with my father after the other man, whom I saw about five minutes before I met my father.
WILLIAM JUST, SEN. This house is my dwelling-house. I went out to spend the evening, and owing to information I ran back towards home, and met my boy, who cried out"Here they are;" it was after seven o'clock when I went away from home - the property was taken from the ground floor; before I went I took a coat and waistcoat off the bed, and the property was perfectly safe then, - the windows of the room were fast, and the bed-clothes all safe; I did not find any broken glass about.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who did you leave at home? A. My wife and six children - the eldest is eighteen years of age.


                  MARIA 
                  JUST
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I will not say whether the window was safe, because the curtain was down; when I heard the alarm I went into the room and saw the window curtain blowing in - I saw that the covering had been taken from the bed where the child lay - the window had been broke in through some paper which had been put over a hole - a person could put his hand through and take the clothes off the bed. The next morning I found a pane of glass had been taken out - the bed stood near the window - a person could not get the clothes off the bed without putting his arm in.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILMOT
               



            . I am a constable, and was sent for to the Green Man public-house, to take the prisoner. I told him just said he did not wish to prosecute if he could get at his property again. The next morning he told me a young man had been and informed him where the bundle was; he said it was thrown over the wall near the Whitmore's Head. I told the prosecutor of it, and believe he went and found it.


                  ESTHER 
                  GORE
               



            . I found the bundle in a garden at the next house to the Whitmore's Head - I gave it to the little boy who has been examined.


                  THOMAS 
                  VAN
               



            . I have the bundle - I found it under the table at a public house where the prosecutor said he had left it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 18.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
