





904. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PRIOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of June
, a handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Barber
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BARBER
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live in York-street, Westminster. On the 11th of June, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I was passing through the Old Change


, and about half way down, a person said my pocket was picked. I felt and missed my handkerchief, and saw it laying before me - the prisoner was within a yard or two of it. The officer immediately secured him.


                  JOHN 
                  CLINTON
               



            . I am a constable. I was in the Old Change on the day the children went to St. Paul's, and saw the prisoner with six or eight others, whom I suspected, and saw them attempt person's pockets - I kept my eye on them, and knocked down one of them. Mr. Barber just passed at the time, and I saw the prisoner draw the handkerchief from his pocket - I seized him, and immediately saw him drop it; he said he would not go with me. I took him to the Compter, and afterwards took him to a public-house for refreshment - he was handcuffed to another prisoner, who had some friends with him, and I took the handcuffs off - the prisoner immediately said "Now I should like to floor you," and immediately struck at me. I had great difficulty to secure him, and as I brought him to Newgate he threatened to stick a knife into me. I found another handkerchief on him, marked T. W., and a card of buttons.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEPPARD
               



            . I assisted in securing him. He resisted.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking along with the buttonsin my hand - the officer came and said I took this handkerchief.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Life
            .
