





592. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WARNER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of November
, 1 looking-glass, value 19s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Standage
               




            .
THOMAS STANDAGE. I live in Chancery-lane, in the City


, and am a furniture-broker
. On the 22d of November I saw the prisoner come, take this glass, and give it to another, who was tried and convicted here; it was about six, or a quarter past six o'clock in the evening; I was about the middle of the shop; the looking-glass was in the front, on a table - the prisoner ran away, and made his escape; I had known him before by seeing him pass; he was not taken till about a month ago; I positively swear he was the man who took it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know where he lives? A. No; I had seen him often before, but had not spoken to him - I can pretty positively swear he had a brown frock-coat on; I will not posively swear it - my shop is rather dark - I ran out immediately, but the man that took it got away.
COURT. Q. Was it dark on the outside of your shop? A. No; I knew the prisoner before - he did not come into the shop - it is an open shop; I could not find the prisoner till January.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SIMMS
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Standage. I saw the prisoner pass his door frequently that evening - I saw him take the glass, and give it to William Atkins; I ran across; the man, who had got it, dropped it, and the other got away - I am sure the prisoner is the man; I have frequently seen him before.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Why did you turn round and look at him now, if you have seen him before? A. To make sure of him; he had a brown frockcoat on - I did not tell my master so; he was inside the shop, and could distinctly see his coat - I was within ten yards of him - I thought he was going to take something, and I would stop on the other side of the way to watch - I secured Atkins, and took the glass from him.


                  THOMAS 
                  LIGHTFOOT
               



            . I am an officer, and apprehended the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
