






1009. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HALL
               



             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  GRAY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 22d of March
, 1 silver watch, value 25s.; 1 metal key, value 2d.; and 1 metal seal, value 4d., the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Mayes
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN MAYES. I am a watchman
, of Piccadilly. On the 2d of March I was at the ruins of the Brunswick Theatre


, with my wife and son, between twelve and one o'clock in the day - the crowd pressed very heavily on me, and I found my right arm confined to my side; it was done intentionally; I missed my watch from my fob as soon as my arm was at liberty - Gray was as close to my right side as he could be; I did not notice Hall till afterwards; they were both taken into custody while I was there: I am certain my watch was safe when I entered the crowd.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was there not a moving crowd there? A. A gig came by which made them move.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I was at the Brunswick Theatre; there was a great rush; I heard the prosecutor call out, "Don't hurt my wife;" I saw Gray had got hold of the prosecutor's coat on his right hand side, and his other hand was under the coat: Hall pushed against him close to the prosecutor, and in a moment Newton called out"He has got it" - I looked and saw the watch fall; it dropped as if from Gray, but I did not see it in any one's hand; there was a crowd at the time, in consequence of some vehicle going by.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. There was a rush backwards and forwards? A. Yes; we were all pushed against the prosecutor.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Is it remarkable for a man to lay hold of another, to save himself from falling? A. He had hold of his coat, and the prosecutor called out, "Don't hurt my wife."


                  JAMES 
                  NEWTON
               



            . I was with Waddington, and saw Hall with his hands in a direction towards the prosecutor; he gave Gray something, which he put into his right-hand trousers pocket - Hall was in front of him, and Gray close at his right-hand side; I collared Gray directly; he put his hand into his pocket, and took something out, and the pocket with it; and in struggling I saw this watch in the kennel, between his legs; I did not see it fall - it was something small that Hall gave Gray.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you hear Waddington examined? A. Yes; we were all pushed together; Hall was pressed violently against the prosecutor- he could not prevent it; there were above a hundred persons there: Hall was hardly master of his hands.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. And yet you saw Gray put something into his pocket, and take it out again? A. Yes - there were several people pushing against us; I did not hear the watch fall; I first saw it on the ground; Gray had not been pushed about at that time- I kept him pretty steady.


                  WILLIAM 
                  McNAB
               



            . I went to the Theatre, and in two or three minutes there was a strong rush; Newton sang out, "George, he has got it;" I looked round, and saw the watch falling close to Gray, just by his feet; I turned round, and saw Hall on my right. I did not see the prosecutor till next day.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. What are you? A. A journeyman baker; I saw the watch falling. I assisted to secure Gray.


                  PHILIP 
                  WAINWRIGHT
               



            . I am an engraver. I was present, and saw a rush; I met Waddington, and saw Hall going through the crowd; I saw Gray putting something into his pocket, and heard Newton say, "George, he has got it;" I had seen Hall do nothing but press close to the prosecutor - his hands were towards him; I looked down, and saw the watch near the gutter. Waddington took Gray; I assisted to take Hall - I saw Newton pick the watch up.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Would it not be natural for Hall to put out his hands when there was a rush? A. Yes.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. You did not see Gray's hand on the prosecutor? A. No.(Property produced and sworn to.)
GRAY'S Defence. I am innocent.
GRAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HALL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
