





778. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SIMMONDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of April
, five frocks, value 4 l. 13 s.; seven frock-bodies, value 2 l., and two caps, value 28 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Adams
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I keep a child-bed linen warehouse
 in the London-road, St. George's-fields. On Wednesday, the 10th of April, my sister took these things to shew to a Mrs. Archer, of Thames-street. I have not seen them since.


                  ANN 
                  MATILDA ADAMS
               



            . I set out about half-past ten o'clock in the morning with the prisoner, she had come and asked for the goods to be sent to her mistress, Mrs. Archer, No. 7, Thames-street; we went together to the house, the door was open, I went into the passage with her, the name was on the door - she said her mistress was confined, and I could not see her; she took them from me to shew her - I remained in the passage; we had told her the price of the things. In two or three minutes she came down and said she had left them with her mistress, that her master was in the room, and that she was going to fetch Mrs. Taylor to see the things, and would thank me to wait a few minutes - she then went out leaving me in the passage; she could put all the things about her person without appearing bulky; she said she was under nursery maid to Mrs. Archer. I waited two hours and a half, she did not return - I found that no lady lived there. I found her three weeks ago in a house in Webber-street, St. George's-fields, and gave her in charge.


                  PERRIGRINE 
                  ARCHER
               



            . I have an office at No. 7, Lower Thames-street; a woman lives up stairs who cleans the office; my name is on the door; I live at Horsleydown; my wife was not confined - I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  GEORGE 
                  MALLARS
               



            . I took charge of her at No. 24, Webber-street; I asked what she had done with the baby linen, she made no answer. She denied having any duplicates at first, but I found thirty-seven on her person, none of them related to this property.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
