





1734. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     BARRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of July
, 9 sovereigns, and 3 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Maggs
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Andrew 
                        Clark
                     



.


                  EDWARD 
                  MAGGS
               



            . I was clerk
 to Mr. Woolmer, of Milk-street, but have left him about twelve months, and have since been with my brother-in-law, who is a cheesemonger. On the 1st of July, between ten and eleven o'clock, I was in Holborn - the prisoner, who was quite a stranger, accosted me; I was fool enough to go home with her - she took me to a house in Bell-court, Gray's Inn-lane


, to a room on the ground floor; I had had a glass or two of ale, but was not at all intoxicated - I am married, but have separated from my wife for nine months; I gave the prisoner 5s. before I went to bed; I had sixteen sovereigns and a half in my right-hand breeches pocket, 4s. or 5s. in silver, and a 5l. Bank note in a pocket-book in my coat pocket; I put my trousers between the bed and sacking; I went to sleep, and awoke a little before twelve o'clock - the prisoner was then out of bed - I heard money rattling; I immediately jumped out of bed, searched for my trousers, and they were gone; I immediately accused her of taking my money, and asked where my trousers were; she said,"Here are your trousers;" and gave them to me immediately; she was standing in a different part of the room, and must have had them in her hand when she spoke - I gave an alarm in the house - the watchman came and took her; she was dressing herself when this happened; she had got on her under clothes and stays - I do not know whether her gown was on; she had partly undressed when she came to bed - I believe her stays were off; when I first gave the alarm I said I had lost sixteen or seventeen sovereigns, but when I put my hand into my pocket I found seven and a half left, nine had been abstracted; on our way to the watch-house we met a constable, who asked the watchman if he had searched her; he said No; he took her into a public-house - I found nine sovereigns, 1ls., and 7 1/4d. on her; I had lost nine whole sovereigns.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not meet me and ask how I did? A. I said I did not know you; you asked me how I did - that is the truth; we were both in bed, and you got out from me.


                  FRANCIS 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am a watchman. I was called into the house and found the prisoner quite dressed; the prosecutor accused her of robbing him of sixteen sovereigns; he appeared to have his senses about him; the constable met us on the road to the watch-house - we took her into a public-house, and found nine sovereigns, 1ls., and 7 3/4d. on her; she said she had got the money in service.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  HINDLEY
               



            . I am a constable. I met the prosecutor, and went with the prisoner - we searched her, and found nine sovereigns, 1ls., and 7 3/4d. on her; she said she got them in service.
The prisoner delivered in a long written Defence, stating that the prosecutor had met her and persuaded her to go to the house in question, and offered her any sum to consent to his wishes - that he got out of bed to feel for his money, and let some sovereigns fall, then he accused her of stealing them.


                  EDWARD 
                  MAGGS
               



            . There is no truth in this; I was asleep - I awoke, and found her out of bed; she took me to the house - I did not know it was in existence.




               GUILTY (of stealing only)
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
