





1125. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  HARWOOD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of April
, 8 gallons of brandy, value 12l., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Toppin
                     




                   and another, being in a barge, in the Port of London; the same being a port of entry and discharge
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SUTTON
               



            . I am a Thames police constable, stationed at the West India-docks - it is in the Port of London


, and a port of entry and discharge - the prisoner is a lighterman
. On Thursday morning, the 5th of April, about half-past five o'clock, I saw him in Mr. Toppin's barge in the basin - he had no business there, not being employed by any body; I saw him again soon afterwards on the side of the basin, walking towards the gate where I was stationed; when he came within about thirty yards of me he made a balt; I mentioned my suspicions to the foreman of the lock-gate; the prisoner would not come up towards me, but loitered about, and in a few minutes he went to assist in opening the lock, which is not part of his duty - he then went on board another barge, called the Jeffrey, No. 549, which was laden with twenty casks of brandy - he appeared to want to get out, and instead of coming to the gate he got on board another barge, which was going into the river - I went on board, secured him, and found in his hat this bladder, containing about a quart of brandy - I had asked if he had any thing in his hat, and he said No - I then asked what craft he had been watching - he said a craft in the basin - I said, "Is it that one with the brandy?" he said Yes, and that he was employed by Mr. Toppin - I said, "I suppose this brandy is part of what you had charge of?" he said, "Yes it is; for God's sake don't say any thing about it; it is only a small drop, make away with it; don't make a noise about it, you will get me into a serious trouble;" I said I could not think of that, and gave him in charge of the patrol - I then went on board the Jeffrey, and found two casks had been plugged and spiles put into them, and some dirt rubbed over the spiles - there was some brandy under the casks, it had run down the side of them; they were marked B. A Nos. 2 and 9 - I found a skin near the barge; it had evidently burst after being filled - it corresponds exactly with that found in his hat - I could find no gimblet - I then went, and asked if he had got the key of the cabin- he said No, but I found three padlock keys on him; he begged hard that I would return them to him, and I did; I then took him to the Thames Police-office, where we saw Mr. Toppin, who desired me to search him again for those keys, but he had then made away with them - he said did I think he should be such a b - y fool as to have the keys about him then: that he knew better if I did not.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you find any implement that could have bored the casks? A. No; he did not say he was watching Mr. Pedley's barge; he said afterwards he was watching Herring's barge - there was no barge of Herring's which he could have got at - there was none in the Import-dock.


                  MICHAEL 
                  BURROWS
               



            . I am a delivery foreman at the London-docks. On the 20th of April I delivered twenty casks of brandy into Mr. Toppin's barge, the Jeffrey, Nos. 1 to 20 - the import mark was 1. A. - I am certain they were all in good condition.


                  ROBERT 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a Custom-house officer. I was appointed to guage these casks - the import mark wasI. A.; the export mark B. A C. Nos. 1 to 20 inclusive - Nos. 2 and 9 were quite full to the bung.


                  JOHN 
                  HENRY TOPPIN
               



            . I am the son of John Toppin, who has another partner, and is a lighterman - the Jeffrey is their barge - the prisoner was not employed to watch it; it had twenty casks of brandy on board - the export mark was B. A C. and Nos. 1 to 20 - I made it fast at five o'clock on the morning of the 4th of April; the casks were then all secure.
Cross-examined. Q. Will you undertake to state that not one of these casks had been spiled? Yes; I examined all that were to be seen; some were covered with a tarpauling.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALLETT
               



            . I am a foreman of the gates at the Dock. I saw this barge come into the basin on the 4th - the prisoner was in the habit of working there, though I did not know his name - I saw him come away from the barge about five o'clock on the morning of the 5th - I saw the officer take his hat off, but I did not hear the conversation.
Cross-examined. Q. Had there been a barge belonging to Mr. Pedley in the Dock? A. There might have been a dozen without my knowing it.


                  EDMUND 
                  ARROWSMITH
               



            . I was a watchman at the Dock. On the 4th of April, a little before ten o'clock, I saw the prisoner on board the Jeffrey, as I was going my round - I asked him what he had got; he said brandy, and that he was watching for Mr. Toppin.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know whether he had been working there before? A. I have seen him working there for different lightermen.


                  MATTHEW 
                  DALTON
               



            . I am a Custom-house guager. I went on board this barge on the 7th of April; I examined the casks, and saw Nos. 2 and 9 marked B. A C. were leaky from being spiled - there appeared something like dirt covered over the spile. I guaged them, and missed six gallons from No. 2, and two gallons from No. 9; the brandy would be worth from 3s. to 3s. 6d. a gallon without the duty.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the brandy found in the bladder? A. Yes; it was nearly one per cent. weaker than that in the casks, but it was similar in quality; I can account for that, it was the same colour, but in so small a quantity the alteration would not appear - a tea-spoonful of water would have made the difference - I will not swear it is the same as that in the cask - evaporation would cause the difference in the strength; I believe it the same.
COURT. Q. What do you call one per cent.? A. One gallon in the hundred.


                  JOHN 
                  TOPPIN
               



            . The brandy is my property; the prisoner was not in my employ, and had no right in my barge - I am in partnership with I. E. Toppin.
Prisoner's Defence. I have only to say that Sutton ought to stand where I do for perjury.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
