





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
1311. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WHITFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of October
, ten silver spoons, value 3 l., and a pair of sugar tongs, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles Frederick 
                           Henley
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  FREDERICK HENLEY
               



            . I am a clerk in the Excise
, and live in Barrosa-terrace, Cambridge-heath


. On the 10th of October I was shaving myself in the back-room ground floor where I sleep, and heard a spoon gingling on the side board, in the front room; I ran into the room and saw a person escaping through the window; I opened the street door and pursued; he walked at first, till I cried
"Stop thief!" nobody else was running in that direction; I secured him, without losing sight of him, it was the prisoner; he threw this property out of his hat into Brett's face; there were six tea, two table, and two salt spoons, and a pair of sugar tongs.


                  EDWARD 
                  BRETT
               



            . I am a carpenter. On the 16th of October I was going to breakfast, and saw the prisoner running in a direction from Henley's house, about nine doors off, and never lost sight of him; when I came up to him, he took off his hat and threw the spoons into my face; I took hold of him.


                  GEORGE 
                  BLAKE
               



            . I am a constable. I was in my shop about twenty houses from Henley's, heard the cry of
"Stop thief!" ran out, and saw the prisoner running across the road from Henley's house. I was very near him when he pulled his hat off; and threw the plate at Brett; it was picked up and given to me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.
GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
