





1173. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of May
, 1 pair of boots, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Sampson the elder



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        John 
                        Sampson the younger



.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I know John Sampson the younger; he is the son of John Sampson, who lives in Crabtree-row. On the 22d of May I was by Cold-harbour-street


, and saw little Sampson sitting on the threshold of a door: the prisoner pulled the last boot off his foot, and pulled him on the ground; he put the boots into his hat, and ran away; I gave the alarm, and he was followed, and taken at the bottom of Cambridge-street with the boots in his hat.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SAPSWORTH
               



            . I was standing at my front window, and saw the child sitting on the threshold of a door with nothing on its feet; it occurred to me that its boots or shoes had been stolen: I went out, and saw this lad - he told me what had happened; I pursued, and took the prisoner about one hundred yards from the child - I found the boots in his hat.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner.
JOHN SAMPSON, Senior. I am the father of John Sampson. I believe these to be his boots.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I made these boots for Mr. Sampson.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw these boots in the road; I took them up, and asked several people if they had lost them - they said No; I put them into my hat - this gentleman took me; I said I had found them, and gave him them from my hat.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
