






1505. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  CHRISTMAS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of July
, 1 cask, value 3s., and 380lbs. of white lead, value 6l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Barwick
               




            .
THOMAS BARWICK. I am a plumber
, and live in Shoreditch


. On the 20th of July I lost a cask of white lead; I had seen it safe in the passage on the 19th - this is it; I have no doubt it is my property - I missed it about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, when I came home.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you any mark upon it? A. Yes - B. W. L.; it is the usual mark put upon casks of this description, from the British colour manufactory; they supply many houses with these articles; here is the mark of the weight - I could swear to it, because the casks are not all of a weight - this is not an unusual size cask.


                  CHARLES 
                  BRETT
               



            . I am a watchman. At half-past five o'clock on the morning of the 20th of July, I saw the two prisoners and another man rolling this cask; I followed them from Fleur-de-lis-street to Phoenix-street; I knocked at a person's door to get assistance - they saw me knock, and all ran away; I took the cask to Mr. Beavis, at the watch-house, and left it with him; I knew the prisoners before then, and where Johnson had lived- the cask is more than two men could carry, but they rolled it.
Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A dyer. - Johnson did live in Spital-fields; the other man, who was with them, was Gront - I spoke to him, but they did not give me an answer; they did not go past any watch-house. I saw Christmas the same evening at the watch-house, about eight o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  BEAVIS
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended Johnson three days after, and took him to the watch-house- the watchman saw him, and said he was one of the men - he said he knew nothing of it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BEAVIS
               



            . I am the watch-house-keeper. - Brett brought a cask of white lead to the watch-house; Christmas was taken by Cheshire the same day, in consequence of the description I had given of him, from Brett's account - he had described them both.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHESHIRE
               



            . I took up Christmas the same day, in consequence of the information I received.
JURY to THOMAS BARWICK. Q. Have you an invoice of the cask? A. Yes - this is it - it is charged 3cwt. 1qr. 20lb. - the cask is marked 3cwt. 2qrs. 8lbs. from which the weight of the cask is to be deducted.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
CHRISTMAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
