





2090. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MESSENGER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of September
, 8 feet of deal plank, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Chapman
                     




                  ; and that at the delivery of the King's Gaol of Newgate, holden for the County of Middlesex, at Justice-hall, on Wednesday, the 25th of October, in the 56th year of the reign of George III, he was convicted of felony by the name of William Passenger
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HARDY
               



            . I am a watchman of Islington. At a quarter-past four o'clock in the morning of the 13th of September, I met the prisoner in the back road with this piece of timber under his arm - I said, "Mate, what is this?" he dropped it, and offered me 1s. 6d. to let him go, but I would not; he was then within a few hundred yards of the prosecutor's.


                  RICHARD 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            , JUN. This was my father's property; his name is Richard. I had seen it safe in the brick field, but I cannot say when; the prisoner had been in our employ three years, but when we found he was a returned transport we discharged him, and since he has been in our employ we have lost twenty-two planks.
Prisoner's Defence. I took this bit of plank by order of the foreman to lay over a dirty ditch, for some of my children to get a penny if they could; the foreman said I might have it if I brought it back at night.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I produce a copy of the conviction of the prisoner by the name of William Passenger (read).
WILLIAM GALE. I am a timber merchant. I remember the prisoner being tried on that indictment; I attended on the part of my employer - I have no doubt of his being the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Life
            .
