






1551. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SHORT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of October
, two gowns, value 14 s.; one gown-body, value 1 s., and one scarf, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Wigstead
                        



                     
                  ; and two pair of trowsers, value 20 s., and one shirt, value 6 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Rogers
                  



               
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  WIGSTEAD
               



            . I was servant
 to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Rogers
               



            , of Hoxton


. On Monday, the 9th of October, I got up about one o'clock in the morning, to wash, and hung the articles stated in the indictment in the garden to dry, about half-past five o'clock. I went into the garden exactly at six, and missed them with others.


                  HENRY 
                  LARA
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 9th of October, at half-past six o'clock, I was on duty with Jones, and met the prisoner and another man about a mile and a half from Mr. Rogers's - each had a bundle under his arm; they passed us. I followed them - the prisoner went up a passage by the Rising Sun, public-house, in the Hackney-road. I asked what he had there; he said, Nothing. I felt and found it was wet linen. I took him into custody. He said he found it - I asked him what had become of the handkerchief off his neck; he said that was it, which the bundle was in.


                  EVAN 
                  JONES
               



            . Lara's account is correct. The other boy got away.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to work at six o'clock in the morning, and in a brick field, I found these things covered with grass, and took my handkerchief off, tied them up, and thought I would take them to the watch-house, and met the watchman, and told him they were things I had found.


                  HENRY 
                  LARA
               



            . He was coming towards the watch-house; but he turned away from it, and struggled to get away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
