





OLD COURT.
THIRD DAY. SATURDAY, APRIL 9.
Middlesex Cases, First Jury, Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
681. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  THOMPSON
               




             was indicted for a 


               burglary, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Wilson
                     




                  , on the night of the 19th of February
, and stealing eight pairs of stockings, value 2 l. 16 s.
            , his property.


                  JAMES 
                  PAXMAN
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. James Wilson, a linen-draper
, who lives in St. John Street, Clerkenwell


. On the 19th of February, about six o'clock in the evening, in consequence of information, I looked at the window, found a square of glass cut out, and missed six or a dozen pairs of silk stockings, which were safe that afternoon; we advertised them, and in about a week eight pairs were produced at Worship-street.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  BURGESS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Attenborough, pawnbroker, Crown-street, Finsbury. On the 19th of February, between half-past five and seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to pawn a pair of black silk stockings for 4 s. I asked whose they were, he said his mother's, mentioning a name which I think was Thompson, of No. 24, Long-alley; I sent a person there, and found it was incorrect; he then said Wentworth-street. I sent to the office for Waters, who came and found another pair in his pocket, and six or seven pairs in his cap.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATERS
               



            . I am an officer. I asked the prisoner if he had any more stockings, about him; he said,
"No." I found a pair in his pocket, and six or seven pairs in his hat.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I saw this bundle in the road, sealed in brown paper, and the initials I. J. on it; the paper was wet, and I took it off, and put them into my hat.
GUILTY. Aged 14.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s., and not of burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
