





44. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of November
, two coats, value 2 l.; three pair of trowsers, value 20 s.; one jacket, value 3 s.; one shirt, value 2 s.; two handkerchiefs, value 3 s., and one pair of braces, value 3 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Frederick 
                           Knott
                        



                     
                  ; and one wherry, value 8 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Drummond
                  



               
            .


                  FREDERICK 
                  KNOTT
               



            . I live at Leith, and am master of the Grasshopper
, which laid in Horsleydown


. On the 26th of November, these things laid in the cabin, the prisoner was a stranger - I slept on board; I went to bed about half-past nine o'clock, they was then safe. I awoke about half-past six o'clock, and missed my clothes - I found part of them at the Thames Police office, three days after.


                  JOHN 
                  DRUMMOND
               



            . I am a waterman
, On the 26th of November, about twenty minutes past six o'clock. I left my wherry fast at Hermitage-stairs, Wapping


. It was worth 8 l., I was only a short distance from it, and missed it in five minutes - I got another and rowed about, and found it about a quarter past two o'clock, in the custody of the Thames Police, the prisoner was in the Police boat then, my boat was about the width of the river from the Grasshopper.
Prisoner. Q. How was the boat fastened - A. With two ropes.


                  DANIEL 
                  BLYTHE
               



            . I am a surveyor of the Thames Police. On the 26th of November, about two o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner off Iron-Gate stairs, in Drummond's wherry - I boarded the boat, and said "What are you doing with this boat," it had "J. Drummond, Hermitage-stairs" on it, he said he was going to the Phoenix. I found part of a pair of braces in the boat, and in his trowsers pocket, a pipe key, which he said was the key of his lodging, at the Maze, in Tooley-street - I asked how long he had left White's-yard; he said six weeks. About four or five o'clock in the morning, I went to No. 2, White's-yard, where I knew he lodged, and the key opened the door of the front room - I found a shirt and two handkerchiefs there; a woman was there whom I knew he lived with. I shewed the things, and told him where I found them, he claimed them, and on Wednesday, Knott saw and claimed them - I had seen him at that house before in September.
Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I fell in with this girl, and lived with her till my money was gone, and then left - I lodged up stairs, not in that room, I had left some handkerchiefs with her, and thought these were mine.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
