





307. 
               
                  PETER 
                  SHIELDS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of January
, 1 clock, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Gooch
               




            .


                  AMELIA 
                  GOOCH
               



            . I am the wife of George Gooch - we live in King-street, Covent-garden


; the house is divided into chambers. I missed a cloak, a small bundle of linen, and a coat, between ten and twelve o'clock on the night of the 10th of January.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  JAMES JENNINGS
               



            . I am one of the foot patrol. I met the prisoner near the watch-house on this night, with a small bundle rolled up in this cloak; a man was with him, who ran away - he said it was a bundle of dirty linen, which he was going to take to his mother, who was a laundress, and he had got it from the Golden Cross, St. John-street, Smithfield - that his mother had left it there being a little in liquor. I asked where his mother lived; he could not tell - I took him into custody, and found a ticket in the bundle, dated the 10th of January.


                  JOHN 
                  MASON
               



            . I was with Jennings - what he has stated is correct. I picked up the cloak, which fell from the bundle.
Prisoner's Defence. When I was examined the officer said the bundle was wrapped up in the cloak, and it was on the ground. I was standing on the curb stone - a young man, very genteely dressed, came and asked me to carry the bundle as far as Vine-street, for 6d., and if any question should be asked, he told me what to say; he went on before, and said he would make the bundle the lighter, and he put the great coat on - when he saw me taken he ran away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
