





209. 
               
                  LEWIS 
                  ABRAHAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of December
, a watch, value 10 l.; four seals, value 2 l.; a locket, value 5 s.; two broaches, value 4 l.; a pair of ear-rings, value 5 s.; nine gold rings, value 18 l.; three pairs of buckles, value 10 s.; a child's coral, value 4 l.; a watch-chain, value 2 s.; a scent-box, value 2 s.; three shields, value 10 s.; four silver buttons, value 4 s.; two combs, value 1 s.; a watch-key, value 1 s.; a gold barrel, value 15 s.; a trunk, value 1 s.; two guineas, and twenty coins, value 40 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  William Henry 
                  Briant
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  ISABELLA BRIANT
               



            . I am the wife of William Henry Briant. We live in Holloway-terrace, Mile-end-road; he is a coal-merchant
; the articles stated in the indictment, were in a small trunk, and were worth about 100 l.; the prisoner was quite a stranger - we were moving at the time, from Cannon-street-road, to Mile-end, and the trunk was put into the waggon, which did not reach Mile-end, till about five o'clock in the evening; it left Cannon-street-road between one and two - the box was taken from the waggon in Cannon-street-road


, before we had finished packing up - I saw all the articles on the same day, at Lambeth-street Office; the prisoner was then in custody.


                  JAMES 
                  COWDEROY
               



            . I am Headborough of St. George's. I saw the prisoner run by my shop, in Union-passage, Duke-street, about a quarter of a mile from the place where Mr. Briant was moving from, with the trunk under his arm - I heard the cry of Stop thief! and pursued him - I found the box on a fire, at No. 29, Albion-street; it had been broken to pieces, and the articles taken from it - the prisoner was then at the next house; he escaped from there, and was taken in Bedford-street - I have the pieces of the box now here - the articles were found in Albion-street, and have been identified by Mr. Briant - I saw the prisoner go into No. 29, Albion-street, with the box under his arm; he was taken about ten minutes afterwards.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. You had but a short opportunity of seeing the man who passed? A. No; but I had seen his face, and am certain of him, as I had seen him before that day.


                  JOHN 
                  HORTON
               



            . I am an officer of St. George's, and live in Duke-street. I saw the prisoner pass my house, with the box under his arm - I was called to search the house for the property, and found it on the premises.


                  EDWARD 
                  TORPIE
               



            . I am a plasterer. I was working in Chatham-street, on the 9th of December, and saw the prisoner going by with the box - I stopped him afterwards in Stepney-fields - I had seen him come out of the house, next door to No. 29, Albion-street.


                  JAMES 
                  HUGGINS
               



            . I am the waggoner. I placed this box in the centre of the van; I did not see the prisoner near.
Four witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
