





641. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  JOBBINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of January
, 1826, 1 pair of scissors, value 6d.; 4 yards of lace, value 10s.; 1 box, value 10s., and 20 sovereigns, value 20l.
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Bucknall
               




            .


                  JANE 
                  BUCKNALL
               



            . I am the wife of William Bucknall, who is a servant
, and we live in Hampton-place, Piccadilly. On the 24th of January, 1826, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I was moving from Edgeware-road to King-street; I took a hackney-coach, and put two trunks and a band-box into it; I put this writing-desk into one of the trunks; I could not get the key out of the trunk again; the prisoner was the driver, I believe, but cannot swear to him; he put my trunks into the coach - only one man was then with the coach; as we went along he stopped at the corner of Cork-street, and took up a man, named Crane, who has been tried and convicted; the key was left in the trunk - I was in the coach, and was driven to King-street; my trunks were taken out, and I carried them into the house - I saw one trunk a little open - I opened the lid, and the desk was gone; Crane took the things out of the coach - the coachman, I think, stood by the side of his horses; I paid the fare, and took the number, which, I think, was 78l - I offered 5l. reward to the waterman, at the corner of Cork-street, to discover the desk; Crane was taken, and convicted - I cannot positively swear to the prisoner.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Crane only took your luggage out? A. Yes; the coachman stood at his horses' heads, holding them - he staid there, and I paid him; I went into the coach immediately after the boxes were put in; the prisoner was a long time fixing the boxes in the coach - Crane did not put them in - it was dark; the coachman was at the head of his horses all the time they were being taken out.
COURT. Q. Who loaded the coach? A. Nobody but the coachman; Crane was not there then; the box or desk contained the property mentioned in the indictment; the prisoner is much the same size as the man.


                  BARNARD 
                  CODEN
               



            . I am a clothes-dealer. Two young men came to my house, about two years ago - I cannot say the date - it was between nine and ten o'clock at night; I cannot say whether the prisoner was one; they brought a desk to sell - I said it would not suit, and I would not buy it; I did not notice the box, and cannot say whether this is it.
Cross-examined. Q. You remembered the other man? Yes, Crane; I cannot say which of them offered the box.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  ALEXANDER
               



            . I am a salesman, and live in Westminster-road. The prisoner and Crane came to Cohen's with a box, about two years ago; I was present; I believe the box produced to be the same; Cohen said it would not suit him - they both offered it for sale; it was not open - they both went away - I am certain of the prisoner's person - it was about nine o'clock in the evening.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you say, on Crane's trial, that you knew the other man? A. I did, I am certain; I do not recollect saying it was Crane and another person; I swear I did not - I did not say so, to my knowledge.
Q. Did you not also swear, on that occasion, that Crane opened the box, and offered to sell it? A. I never mentioned it, or any thing of the kind; I am almost sure I did not say so; I am positive - I am almost sure of it.
Q. Did you not just now see me send for the Session's paper? A. Yes.
Q. Why are you less sure now than when I sent for the paper? A. I am not more sure than I was before - I am positive I did not say so; I am almost positive of it; I did not say on the former trial, that Crane opened the box; I almost sure of that, but it is now two years ago, and I cannot bring my mind to a recollection of it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PURCHER
               



            . I keep the Red Lion public-house, Marsh-gate. In January, 1826, this box, to the best of my belief, was brought to my house, about half-past nine o'clock in the evening, by Crane; he was alone, I think; he offered it for sale for two guineas, but I declined buying it; I think the words I used were, "I am afraid it is not all right," and to the best of my recollection, he replied, "Oh! it is all right, it was a find, eight miles off;" I declined buying it, and when business was over, I and my wife turned the contents out, to see if we could find the owner; Crane called next morning, and took it away - I was not up then.


                  HENRY 
                  WILLIAM FOWLER
               



            . I am a waterman, at the Red Lion, Marsh-gate. The prisoner presented to me a pair of scissors, one day in January, about two years ago; he said, "Here is a pair of scissors will do for your wife;" and he asked me to have something to drink: I gave the same scissors to the officer - it was about nine o'clock in the evening, or half-past.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner about three o'clock on Sunday, the 4th of February - I was waiting for him, and on the coach coming into the yard, I followed it up, and said, "Jobbins, come down, I want to speak to you;" he came down, and I said,"Is your name Jobbins," he said Yes; I said, "You must go with me;" he said, "For what?" I said, "For that concern you was concerned in with Crane;" he said it was not him - I said it was - he said, "No, it was my brother" - I asked his brother's name - he said Charles, and that his was William; I called a person to look at him, who said he was the man - as I took him along he said he had gone by the name of Charles, but that was not his name, and that he was with Crane, but he did not have the money - that the Jew had the money, and the Jew broke the box open when he was in the shop with Crane; I said, "The Jew denies it - why did you go away? I could not find you; and you left your dog behind you;" he said he had been living down the Commercial-road, and had lately come back to Westminster - I had been looking for him for two years, and heard he was about for the last six weeks, but did not know where to find the prosecutor.
Cross-examined. Q. How have you been looking for him? A. Making inquiries for him every time I went over Westminster-bridge - I asked if Jobbins was about. I questioned him to see if he was the person.
COURT. Q. How long have you been an officer? A. Two years; and I was a constable two years.
HENRY WILLIAM FOWLER re-examined. I had known Crane about twenty years, and the prisoner about three years; he drove a coach - Crane drove the coach that night; I saw him and the prisoner together on the evening the scissors were given to me. Crane was a night coachman.
JURY. Q. What time do the night coachmen come on? A. About five or six o'clock.(Box and scissors produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Crane gave me the scissors at the Marsh-gate; I gave them to the waterman and went home.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
