







631. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HART
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MOORE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of February

, four coach glasses, value 3 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jones
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LEDDINGHAM
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a coach-maker
, and live in George-street, Portman-square



. On the 11th of February, about seven o'clock in the morning when I got up I missed these glasses from the different carriages - they were safe overnight - they were worth 4 l. I have not seen them since. Hart lived in the same mews, close by my premises.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am Mr. Jones's nephew. On Sunday morning, the 11th of February, I got up at half-past six o'clock, and going through the yard at seven, I found two carriage doors open, and four glasses taken, they were safe overnight.


                  SAMUEL 
                  RINGROSE
               



            . I work with Mr. Jones. On Sunday, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I went to Davis's coffee shop, in Marylebone-lane, and had some coffee, I did not then know of the robbery. Hart came in soon after, I had known him some time about the Mews, he asked me to mind a purse for him till he wanted it, as he was afraid of spending all his money; he put it into my hand - directly after W. Jones, (Mr. Jones's nephew) came in, and Hart gave some loose money into another person's hand to keep for him. Jones told him if he stirred, he would knock him down, and said, he knew what he had done, they sent for an officer - the young man who had the loose money threw it down, and I threw his purse on the table and came out.


                  ROBERT 
                  WOLMER
               



            . I am coachman to Colonel Dean, whose coach is kept close to Mr. Jones's premises. On Sunday morning, the 11th of February, I was going to the the stable, and saw Hart in the Mews with a parcel in his arms, it appeared the size and shape of coach glasses, he was going towards the end of the Mews - the watchmen were just going off duty - he turned back to shim them, and came towards me, and went up to two lads who stood at the corner of the Mews, and gave them the parcel, he then called me, and said he wanted to speak to me (I knew him before) I asked where he had been, as he had left his friends for a fortnight or three weeks - he made no answer. I asked what he had on his arms, he said they were carriage glasses which he had been taking out of Mr. Jones's shop - he turned from me. I said
"That will either hang or transport you;" he ran off - I went and told his uncle who informed Mr. Jones.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I keep the coffee-shop. Hart came in between four and five o'clock in the afternoon; Jones came and the constable was fetched - I did not notice Moore in the shop that day.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



            . I am an officer, I had been in search of Hart all day, and took him at the coffee-shop. I told him I took him for robbing Mr. Jones, of coach glasses, he said he did take them, that he got out of a window of his uncle's house into Jones's premises. In consequence of what he said, I apprehended Leddingham, and searched for the glasses but found none. I also took Moore from Hart's information - he firmly denied it.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. I believe Leddingham assisted to apprehend one of the boys who contrived to escape - A. Yes.


                  DANIEL 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I work with Mr. Cole, a plaisterer, of Barton-street, Manchester-square. On Sunday morning, the 11th of February, about a quarter past seven o'clock, I was in Gloucester-place, Hart came up with a sack and asked where I was going, and asked me to go with him. I went with him to George-street, St. Giles's, and waited at the end of the street - he came to me again with some money - he left the sack in George-street.
HART - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven years
            .
MOORE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
LEDDINGHAM - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
