





1523. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  PAGE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of September
, thirty yards of lace, value 2 l. 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        Daniel 
                        Garsh
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
DANIEL GARSH. I live in Tabernacle-walk, Tabernacle-square


. On Thursday, the 1st of September, I missed some lace from the shew-board - in my shop-window - near the door - on the left hand side as you come in. I saw it about eight o'clock in the evening, and missed it in about a quarter of an hour - it was about thirty yards - but I do not know the exact length - I should have bought it for about 50 s. Some time afterwards I saw Gayton, and he asked if I had lost some lace - I said, "Yes." We went with an officer to Bridgewater-square, and saw the prisoner coming out of a house; he said he had sold the lace there for 17 s. and left it in the top-drawer.


                  JAMES 
                  GAYTON
               



            . I am a secret springer in the watch-trade. On the night of the 1st of September, I was in Tabernacle-square, about twenty or thirty yards from Mr. Garsh's house; I saw the prisoner put his hand round, and take the lace from the window - there was anotheryoung man with him, but he went away, and I could not swear to his person. I had seen the prisoner two or three times near the window, before he took the lace; as soon as he had got it he ran off - I pursued him. I took him after he had got round two or three turnings - he immediately took a bitter oath, that he had not seen the lace, nor any thing of it, or any thing else, nor touched it. I then received a blow from some person, and the prisoner got away; I followed him to two public-houses. When he got to the second house, I sent for an officer - but he was not in the way. I then went back to the prosecutor's house, and took him, and Locke the officer, to the public-house where I left the prisoner - but he was gone. Locke took us to the house in Bridgewater-square - we met the prisoner and some others coming out - they all ran away - but the prisoner fell down, and was taken; he then confessed that had taken the lace, and sold it.


                  ROBERT 
                  LOCKE
               



            . I went with Gayton, and set him to watch, while I remained at a little distance - he came to me, and said,
"They are come out of the door." The prisoner fell down in running, and I took him; he said, "He is in it, he has got the money; I sold it for 17 s. to Imey Phillips, and it is in the top-drawer." I took him to the house, but there was such a mob that I could not get in, and I took him to the watch-house. I tried to get a search-warrant, and went for Harrison, the marshalman, to go with me, but I could not find him.




               GUILTY. Aged 14. Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
