





1290. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MURPHY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        John 
                        Waer
                     




                  , on the 28th of May
, with intent feloniously to steal his goods and monies
            : against the Statute.
SECOND COUNT, with intent to rob: against the Statute.


                  JOHN 
                  WAER
               



            . I live at Windsor. On the 28th of May, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I was about three quarters of a mile from Hounslow, down the backroad - I was alone; I sell things about the country
, but had nothing to sell at that time - I was not at all intoxicated: the prisoner, whom I had not known before, came up to me, and asked charity - that was just going into Brentford from London; he told me he had not broken his fast that day; I took him to a public-house, gave him some roll and cheese, and part of two pints of beer - when we left, he said he would bear me company on to Windsor; we went on about three-quarters of a mile from Hounslow


, when he said, "Come in this field, and lie down till morning;" I said I would keep on my journey - he then said, "Give me what money you have;" I said, "I have no money, my lad;" he did not speak in a begging tone, but demanded it - he then knocked me down with his fist; I had no money; I had a handkerchief - I cannot say whether he got that or not; if the patrol had not come to my assistance, I think I should have been a dead man - I cried out; he jumped over the gate, got into the field, and got away - the next morning I saw him before the Magistrate - I am quite certain of his person.
Prisoner. Q.When I first saw you, you were in a public-house, three miles from London? A. No, you overtook me on the road - you struck me on the temple, and knocked me down; the blow stunned me.


                  CHARLES 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am one of the mounted patrol of Bow-street. I was within fifty yards of the Bell public-house, where two roads divide; one goes to Staines - the prosecutor said good night to me; there was a person with him whose dress corresponded with the prisoners, and I believe he is the man - I stopped about seven minutes to commnuicate with my partner, who calls there; I then went slowly back towards Windsor, and when I got about three-quarters of a mile from where I first saw them, I heard a scuffle on the road; I went up, and heard the prosecutor say, "You must be a villain to use an old man like me so, who am a cripple, and blind with one eye;" I went up, found him lying on his back, and his hat seven or eight yards from him - I asked what was the matter; he said, "The man you saw with me has demanded my money, and knocked me down;" I said, "Where is he gone?" he said, "Over in this field;" I challenged in the field, but no one answered - I got a description of him from the old man, went on, and gave the description down the road; I returned in a few minutes, but did not see the prisoner till the next morning - I believe him to be the person I saw with the prosecutor.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DUNNER
               



            . I am one of the mounted patrol. I received a communication from Allen - I found the prisoner near the spot where I was told the offence was committed - I heard something move in the field, and called out, "What do you do there - who are you?" No answer was given; I called again, and said if they did not answer I would fire - the prisoner then said he had gone into the field to sleep; this was about ten minutes before one o'clock: I told him to come out, and took him - the prosecutor saw him between nine and ten the next morning, and said he was the man - Allen said he was the person he saw with the prosecutor; the prisoner had nothing on him.
Prisoner's Defence. The first time I saw him it was about eleven o'clock in the day; we went into a public-house, and had a slice of bread and cheese; he said, "You look very bad;" I said, "I am out of work;" he said,"So am I, come along with me:" we went begging together, and drank all we got on the road - I should not have gone that road but for him; he pretended to be blind, and a cripple, and got money where I could not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Life
            .
