





1425. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  PICKERING
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of June
, 8 books, value 5l. 16s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Dewar
               




            .


                  HENRY 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. John Dewar, of No. 3, Mile-end-road


. On Friday week the prisoner came to my master's shop, and asked to look at some Bibles and Prayer-books - I showed him some, and he looked out a lot, which he said were for his sister; he then cast his eye over a glass-case, and saw two volumes of Pelham's Voyages - he asked me to let him look at them for his brother; I said they were 3l. - he offered me 2l. 10s., and told me to take them over to his lodging with the Bibles and Prayer-books - which I did; the servant took them up stairs, and the prisoner came down to the door and said I must come the next morning - I said I might lose the sale of them; he then said I must leave them till five o'clock - I went there then, and he was gone; the value of the books was 5l. 16s. 6d - there were three Bibles, three Prayer-books, and two volumes of Pelham's Travels; he said he wanted them for his, brother and sister.


                  MARY 
                  ANN SMITH
               



            . This witness brought the books to me, and I took them to the prisoner - he had taken thelodging about a quarter of an hour before; I know nothing of him.


                  HANNAH 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I keep the house. The prisoner came to hire my lodgings on the 20th of June, about twelve o'clock - I knew nothing of him; he took the books out of the house, and I saw no more of him; he was to have the lodgings by the quarter, but I sent to his reference and no such person was known - he was to come at five o'clock for an answer.
COURT to HENRY SAUNDERS. Q. Was he a perfect stranger to you? A. Yes - he said he expected his brother and sister about five o'clock, but did not say where they lived; I made no enquiry about them, but I knew the house where he lived, as I had taken goods there before - I had parted with the books, expecting he would pay me for them, or return some of them; he took them to look at - I traced two of them to a pawnbroker's - he is not here; he felt great reluctance at attending - I did subpoena him; I know these two are two which he took away.
Prisoner. I bought the books, and he was to come in the evening, or in the morning, for the money. Witness. There was no bargain - they were left on liking.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
