







Middlesex Cases - Third Jury.
Before Mr. Serjeant Arabin.
810. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRIS
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  AYRES
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of March
, 20lbs. weight of lead, value 5s., the goods of the 
                     
Duke of Northumberland




                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  NEALE
               



            . I am bailiff to the Duke of Northumberland. I have the care of his out-house, from which this lead was taken - it is in the parish of Isleworth


.


                  JAMES 
                  GARDNER
               



            . On the 15th of March I was in what is called the Whale field, catching birds with 
               
                  Nathan 
                  Adams
               



             and 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Allen
               



            ; we had been very quiet, and lying down; we got up to see if there were any birds, and saw the prisoner Harris, and a man named 
               
                  William 
                  Rowley
               



            , hiding something under a sand heap; after they were gone we went and raked the sand up, and found a sack with lead in it - we took and put it into a sand house, not far from the heap - we staid a short time longer, and then took up the nets - this was in the afternoon, but before dinner we went home, and returned in about half an hour to go bird's nesting, and saw the two prisoners sitting in the field with Rowley and White - they were swearing; I asked what was the matter, and Harris said some one had sprung the plant - I asked what he meant- he said some one had taken some lead of theirs - I asked what he would give if he knew who had it - he said"Two pots of beer and a punch of the head;" I did not stay any longer - next day I and a young man, named Hunt, were out bird's nesting - I told him what happened, and he said "We may as well go and get it" - we did so, and, as we were going down the town, we met Carver, the beadle, who stopped us - he took the lead - I went before the Magistrate and gave evidence.


                  NATHAN 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I was in the field with Gardner - I have heard what he has said, and it is true - I saw Harris and Rowley come to the spot; I saw Gardner and Hunt take the lead, but I was not with them when they were stopped - Ayres was not there the first time, but he was the second.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I was with Gardner. I saw Rowley and Harris come into the field, and Earl stood at the gate - they put something into the sand - we went and took it out - it was then between twelve and one o'clock- I did not see the man come the second time.


                  THOMAS 
                  EARL
               



            . I was taken up about this matter, and examined by the Justice - he told me to say nothing, as it might hurt myself. I was at the Angel public-house, at Isleworth, on Friday evening, about nine o'clock- Harris, Ayres, and White were there; we all said, "Let us get a few turnips;" we walked by the Chaise and Horses public-house, and Harris said, "Let us go and get something worth while;" he took us up to Sion-lane - I did not know what he was going after till we came past Mr. Iron's; Ayres, Harris, and White then got over the pales - I could hardly get over, but Ayres eased me over, and we went on till we came to the cow yard - there are some pales round it, and some persons live in the little house by the side of the barn. Ayres and Harris got over the pales - White lifted me over; I waited there - Harris and Ayres got on the top of the cow shed; I heard them pulling the tiles off, and I ran to the other side of the pales. Harris called to White to ease it off the tiles - I did not then know what it was; I went up, and saw White under the tiles, with the lead on his shoulder. - Ayres and Harris got off the tiles, and carried it through the field, till they came to the hedge - Harris then lifted it on White's back, and they got on the sand heap in the Whale field, where they divided it into three pieces - this is one of them; Ayres sold one piece for 2s. 2d., and I sold one for 2s. 3d., and gave the money to Ayres, who shared it; the third piece was left in the sand house, under the straw; we went away; the next day Ayres, Harris, Rowley, and I, went birds' nesting; Harris and Rowley were a-head of us, and got into the Whale field, about a quarter of an hour before we did. I did not see the witness in the field; I heard Harris say somebody had sprang the plant, and I saw Gardner go and say, "What would you give to know who it was?" he said, "I would not mind two pots of beer and a punch of the head."


                  JOHN 
                  COE
               



            . I am a carpenter. I have compared this lead with that on the building of His Grace the Duke of Northumberland, and I have no doubt it had been taken from there - this is about a quarter of it.


                  JOHN 
                  CARVER
               



            . I am a beadle. I took the lead, and saw it fitted on the premises - it seemed to fit exactly.
COURT to 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  NEALE
               



            . Q. How lately had you seen the building before the lead was taken? A. Perhaps a fortnight or three weeks. I saw the lead fitted upon the building - the part that remains is fixed down.
HARRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
AYRES - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
