





82. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  JACKSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, 1 tea-caddy, value 2s; 6 pictures, value 1s.; 2 plates, value 6d.; 1 bed-wrench, value 1s.; 8 screws, value 8d.; 1 hammer, value 6d.; 2 gimblets, value 6d.; 2 books, value 2s.; 1 looking-glass, value 6d.; 1 shirt, value 9s.; 1 handkerchief, value 3d., and 1 candlestick, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Too
               




            .


                  CATHERINE 
                  TOO
               



            . I am the wife of George Too, a labourer
 - we live at Kingsland


. On the 17th of December, 1827, the prisoner lodged in our house, and got up at a quarter before six o'clock in the morning to go to work; when he was gone these things were all missing - he did not return; I believe these six pictures and this candlestick are mine - I have seen no other part of the property; it was all safe the night before.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WILLIAM NORTON
               



            . I am a marine-store dealer, and live in Grub-street. I bought these six pictures and this candlestick of the prisoner, at the beginning of this year; he stated he was about removing, and had several domestic things to sell, which people in poor neighbourhoods often do - I made no hesitation about buying them; I bought a tea-caddy of him, which I sold again - I found this duplicate in it, which I left on my mantel-piece to give him if he called.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. I received information of the robbery on the 4th of February last - I went to Norton's house, and there I got these pictures, candlestick, and duplicate.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BENNETT WEBSTER
               



            . I took the prisoner on the 4th of November, as he was going along the road; the prosecutor's mother pointed him out to me - he said he knew nothing about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
