





472. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of November
, 5 shifts, value 15s.; 6 aprons, value 6s.; 1 gown, value 5s., and 2 shawls, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary Ann 
                     Chandler
                  




               
            .
MARY ANN CHANDLER. At the time in question I lived at No, 4. Bell-street, Little Moorfields, City. I have known the prisoner three years - I am single
; he did not live with me - I am a servant
; I was stopping at a friend's in Bell-square


 - I was alone in the house, and had the care of it. On the 17th of November the prisoner came in, and said he was very thirsty, and wished me to fetch him a pint of porter, which I did; I was gone about five minutes - these things were in a box down stairs; he went away about ten minutes after I brought him the porter - it was about twelve o'clock in the day; I did not miss the things till next day - there were other things in the box; nobody but the prisoner had been in the house - my friend came home about an hour afterwards; I remained there myself till I missed the things - the house was secure at night - I found it so next morning; I saw the things when he was in custody two months after - there was nobody in the house to take them but him.
Cross-examined by MR. J. ALLEY. Q. Did you meet the prisoner in the street at your first acquaintance, and he go home with you? A. No; he promised me marriage, but I discovered after he was taken up that he has a wife - I understood so before he was taken; I cannot say I was ever particularly fond of him - I gave him several things to send down into the country ready for our marriage; these are not those articles, and what I did give him was for our own use, not to run away with - I never slept with him in my life; I once lived servant in Noble-street, Foster-lane he was not allowed to come in there; he visited me frequently at Mrs. Powell's - I did not give him these things.
COURT. Q. You gave him some other things for your common use, expecting to become his wife? A. Yes; these were taken without my knowledge.


                  SARAH 
                  POWELL
               



            . I keep the house, No. 4, Bell-square. I have known Chandler five years; the prisoner visited her for three years - he represented himself to be single; I discovered that he was not single before he was taken up, and told Chandler when the things were stolen - I did not know it before they were stolen; he was to come on the 18th, to go out with her to buy the ring and the licence at Doctors' Commons - I heard him say so; he did not call -I did not see him again till he was in custody, on the 3d of January: when he did not come, I went to make inquiry at Mr. Wild's office, in College-hill, where he had once lived, and they told me he was a married man; Miss Chandler had given him some things to send into the country for the wedding - I think it was on the Thursday before the 17th of November.
Cross-examined. Q. They were to go to his father's in Norfolk? A. Yes, I had left the prosecutrix in care of my house on the 17th - I never knew any thing wrong of her; I never saw the prisoner at her place in Noble-street- he never staid at my house after nine o'clock, as my husband goes to bed early.
JOHN 
               
                  JAMES 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have five shifts pawned on the 17th of November; the person who took them in has left my service - they were pawned in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Roberts
               



            , for 13s.; they were claimed by Chandler before the Magistrate, on the 8th of January.
RICHARD CONSTANTINE. I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner on the 9th of January, at No. 29, Allerton-street, Hoxton New-town, charged with robbing the prosecutrix; Powell was with me - he seemed to hesitate very much, and asked Mrs. Powell where Mary was; she said she was in a situation - he said, "Because if I see her I will get the things for her;" I told him he must go with me - I searched him, and found some duplicates on him, one of which was for these five shifts pawned at Price's, on the 17th of November.
MR. PRICE. This duplicate belongs to my shop, and is the corresponding duplicate cut from this one, and is in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Roberts
               



            , George-yard.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutrix was acquainted with me better than two years; I met her accidently in the street - she asked me to accompany her home, and said when her master was gone to church of an evening she would let me in; I called several nights afterwards, while they were at church, took tea with her, and slept with her almost every Sunday night - she gave me these things to take away; they were always packed up - I did not know what they were.

MRS. POWELL. I had no reason to believe he was married till after the 17th of November.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
