





734. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  STERLING
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of April
, 2 silver spoons, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Parr
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  PAGET
               



            . I live in Paget-street, Pentonville


. On the 3d of April I heard a knock at the door - I went, and saw the prisoner, who asked for Mr. Parr; I said he was not at home, but he would not be more than ten or fifteen minutes; he walked in, and sat down, but soon afterwards rang the bell, and said he had to call in the neighbourhood at seven o'clock, and he would return at eight; he went away, and I missed the two spoons, which I had seen within an hour before. I went to the door, and saw him running in White Conduit-street - he was taken shortly afterwards.
RICHARD PARR. I lodge at this house. I never saw the prisoner till last Monday, when I dined in the same box with him at a tavern; I asked him to call on me, and gave him my direction; these spoons are my property - they were on a side-board.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DENNIS
               



            . I saw the prisoner in White Conduit-street on Monday last - he was on the full run, and I followed him, in consequence of Mrs. Paget calling Stop thief! I saw him throw two spoons over a board fence; I left them, and went on and stopped him.


                  FREDERICK 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I saw the prisoner on Monday last, running along the Back-row, Pentonville. I saw him throw these two spoons over a boarded fence - I went and got them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITTINGHAM
               



            . I came up with the prisoner while he was struggling with Dennis; he dared me to strike him, which I did not do, but I put my handkerchief on him, and my partners came up and secured him.
Prisoner. I have only to say that the theft was the impulse of the moment - Mr. Parr having accosted me in a public place, I thought it my duty to call on him. The conversation commenced on his part, and he gleaned all he could respecting my situation in life.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
