





228. 
               
                  
                     JULIA 
                     DIAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, 3 half-sovereigns, 3 half-crowns, and 12 shillings
            , the monies of 
               
                  James 
                  Gravenor
               




            .
JAMES GRAVENOR. I saw the prisoner and another person between one and two o'clock in the day, on the 17th of October - they asked me to treat them with something to drink; I took them to a wine-vaults, and gave them a glass of something to drink - I then went home with the prisoner; I did not know there was any other person in the room - I had three half-sovereigns and three half-crowns, which I took out of my trouser's-pocket and put into my coat-pocket in the room - I pulled off my coat, and put it on a side-board; I had not turned my back more than two minutes when I heard some one else in the room - I turned and saw another woman go off with my coat: I tried to go after her, but the prisoner prevented me by getting before me and shutting the door - when I got down I could not see the other, but I went down the street and heard some one call out "Hoy," and the woman I had seen take the coat. put it down at a door; I went and took it, but all the money was gone except 6d. - I went and gave information; the other woman was taken and convicted last Session - on the 5th of November I saw the prisoner, and had her taken; I had taken her once before, but she was rescued from me - I am sure she is the person.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I took the prisoner from the prosecutor, on the 5th of November; he had described her to me before - there were five or six women together, and the prosecutor said, "There is a woman whom the Judge desired me to take if I could find her;" I know the woman who was tried last Session - the prisoner was acquainted with her.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent; he transported one, and now he is doing the same to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
