






1101. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HOLMES
               




             and 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  PEMBROKE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of June
, 1 carcass of a sheep, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Collingwood
               




            .


                  GEORGE 
                  SILVESTER
               



            . I am servant to William Collingwood, a carcass butcher
, of Newgate-market


. On the 15th of June, at eight o'clock at night, I counted what carcases were left outside the shop - there were twenty sheep hanging outside, as it was hot weather; next morning, at half-past four, I missed two - I had marked them; I found one at Guildhall at one o'clock that day, when both the prisoners were in custody - it weighed 9st. 3lb.; I am certain of it by the mark.
Cross-examined by Mr. ANDREWS. Q. How many had you so marked? A. Twenty.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURRIDGE
               



            . I am a watchman of Castle Baynard ward. On the morning of the 16th, at half-past three o'clock, I saw both the prisoners coming down OldChange together - Pembroke had a blue butcher's frock on, and Holmes a brown coat - they both looked like butchers, and were close together - Pembroke had the carcass of a sheep on his right shoulder; I asked where they were going with that mutton - they said nothing but threw it down, and away they both ran - I pursued, and Holmes was stopped before I lost sight of him - it was light - I followed into Thames-street, in the direction Pembroke ran, and found him in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, in a stable, where some horse-keepers were feeding their horses; he was under the manger covered with straw; I told him to come out; he said nothing but "Don't hold me so;" I am certain of him - Connell picked the sheep up.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you acquainted with the market much? A. I watch there in my turn; they do not begin business at that early hour. Pembroke did not say he was employed to carry it.


                  JOHN 
                  CONNELL
               



            . I am a watchman. At half-past three I saw the prisoners come down Old Change - Pembroke had the sheep on his shoulder - Holmes was walking close at his side; Burridge said, "My friend, where are you going with that sheep?" they made no answer, but Pembroke threw it off his shoulder; I was close behind him - both ran away - I picked up the sheep, and produced it at Guildhall; I saw the prisoners at the watch-house, and am certain of them.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard a rattle spring, and saw Holmes running - he was stopped and given to me.


                  ROBERT 
                  POCKLINGTON
               



            . I am a butcher, and live in Old Change. I heard the rattles spring, looked out of the window, and saw Holmes run down Old Change; I saw him in custody in about ten minutes, and am certain of him. The carcass was brought to my shop - Silvester claimed it. Business begins in the market about four o'clock.
HOLMES' Defence. I had been out at a Free and Easy and got shut out; I was going home when I was taken.
HOLMES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.
PEMBROKE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
