





1962. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  RICHARDS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of October
, 1 watch, value 20s.; 1 chain, value 20s.; 1 seal, value 6d., and 2 keys, value 7s., the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Taylor
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH TAYLOR. I live in Seymour-street, Euston-square. On the 9th of October, between twelve and one o'clock in the day, I was in the New-road


; Strong toldme I had lost my watch, I felt, and missed it - it was in my waistcoat pocket; I saw it half an hour afterwards.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  SIMON 
                  STRONG
               



            . I am a carter. On the 9th of October I was in the New-road, and saw Mr. Taylor - I saw the prisoner with three more boys, who appeared to be knocking up a kind of fight - I kept at some distance, and saw them come up to Mr. Taylor - I thought they meant to push him into the mud; I then saw the prisoner take a watch and chain from Taylor's waistcoat-pocket, and put it into his own - I left my horses and ran over; the prisoner crossed the road down a street; I followed - he turned back at last and gave himself up; I brought him back - the watch was found in the street.
Cross-examined by MR. ROBERTS. Q. Do you mean to say this is the boy who seized the watch? A. Yes, positively he is the hand who took it - I did not see him throw it down; he ran two or three hundred yards, and seeing persons before him he gave himself up.
COURT. Q. Where did the robbery happen? A. At the further end of Euston-square.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I was in the New-road, and heard this old gentleman had lost his watch - I saw some persons looking into the nursery, and I found this watch in a pool of water, on the Gower-street side of the nursery.


                  GEORGE 
                  WHITFIELD
               



            . I am an officer, and took the prisoner.
MR. ROBERTS called -


                  CHRISTIANA 
                  HALL
               



            . I live in Field-terrace, Bagnigewells. I was in the New-road, and saw some boys fighting; and, as I went on, I heard a cry of Stop thief! I thought it was the boys calling one after the other - three boys came one way, and one threw something out of his hand into the water; he was not so tall as the prisoner - I saw the prisoner.
COURT. Q. What was the prisoner doing at the time? A. He was running.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
