






1370. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     CONLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, a picture, value 10 l., and a picture frame, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Peatt 
                           Lett
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Napier Sturt
                     



.
SECOND COUNT, stating them to belong to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lennox Napier Sturt
               



            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN SUMMERS
               



            . I have the charge of Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lennox Napier Sturt
               



            's house. On Sunday, the 17th of October, I opened the parlour windows; they were open till the afternoon - a shower came on about four o'clock, and I went and shut them; I then went down to the house keeper's room under the parlour, and while there I heard a noise in the parlour; the windows were closed, but not bolted; my brother was with me, and I said to him,
"That sounds like somebody over our heads, we will go and see, and shut the shutters" - we went to the stairs, and I heard the street door slam, as if somebody was going out; I am sure the street door had been locked. When I got to the parlour the door was wideopen; I had shut it when I went down, about an hour before - I looked at the windows, the sash and the blinds were then open, and a chair stood under the window, with wet footmarks upon it; an oil painting had been taken from a little recess. A chair had been moved to the sideboard, to enable a person to get it down. I went all over the house, but found no person, nor anything more gone. I have seen the frame of the picture since, at our house, when it was brought by the officer - as soon as I saw the frame I thought it the frame of that picture. I have lived there five or six years, and have dusted the picture and looked at them very often.


                  CHARLES 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer. On Monday, the 18th of October, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I went to St. Giles's, after some persons, and on going up Bainbridge-street in a court on looking over a window shutter, the two prisoners, sitting in a room; I tried the door, and it was locked - I told them to open it, and they did so; there was no other person in the room. I observed this picture frame concealed under the bed: I questioned them concerning it, and they said they knew nothing about it. I asked if they lived there: they denied that at first, but Jones afterwards acknowledged that he lived there. Conley said he came in with a girl to drink tea with Jones; the tea things were set for two persons only. Jones was behind the door, and had got his coat off; he said he had been changing his shirt. I took them to the office, and took the frame to Mr. Sturt's house on the Friday following; I saw the mark where the frame had hung on the wall; it fitted exactly - I looked at it very attentively for ten minutes. The moment I took it to the house the last witness said that was the frame of her master's picture.


                  HENRY 
                  RICHARD BUCKRIDGE
               



            . I am an officer. I went to Mr. Sturt's house on the Tuesday after the robbery; I found footmarks on a chair, and on a small ledge under the window, and on the sideboard. I heard on the Thursday that the men were in custody; I went to Clerkenwell-prison, and asked them what they were there for; they said for bail. I asked Conley what he knew about the pictures - he said nothing; I then desired him and Jones to pull off their shoes, which I took to Mr. Sturt's, and they exactly corresponded with the marks of feet in the house. One pair of shoes has nails in them, and the other has not.
JONES'S Defence. Conley was not in my company five minutes on the day I was taken.
CONLEY'S Defence. I was very ill, and went to take a walk, and called on Jones - when I had been there about five minutes the officer came.
JONES - GUILTY. Aged 22.
CONLEY - GUILTY. Aged 16.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
