






1112. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MESSENBIRD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of May

, 40lbs. weight of hay, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Lawrence 
                  Gwynne
               



            ; and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  MALLETT
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I am a cow-keeper, and live at Tottenham. I know both the prisoners. On the 19th of May, a little after nine o'clock in the evening, I saw Mallett go past my house with a truss of hay, in a direction from Dr. Gwynne's, and about a hundred yards from his house; I never heard that Mallett has any land, but I know he keeps a horse and two or three cows.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. How long had you known him? A. I think he had lived in the neighbourhood six or seven years.
DR. LAWRENCE GWYNNE. I am a Magistrate
, and live at Tottenham



. On the 19th of May Messenbird was in my service; I had missed hay for a long time, and I missed some that day; the prisoners were taken before Mr. Morees; I was present; there was no threat or promise held out to them - what they said was taken down - I saw them sign it; they were charged with this felony; one was examined against the other. (Deposition read.)
WILLIAM MESSENBIRD being charged with having purloined and robbed his master, Dr. Gwynne, the complainant, of hay and corn, says, "On Saturday last I gave nearly a whole truss of hay to Thomas Mallett, of Tottenham, who keeps a horse and some cows, and about a fortnight before that I gave about half a truss to the said Thomas Mallett; and a little before that I gave him about half a bushel of oats, which I put into a sack for him, and for which I told him tocome in the evening, which he did, and took the same away; I gave him the hay and corn about three weeks ago, as a recompence for the loan of his horse, which Mallett promised to lend me when I left my service, he go to see my friends." W. MEASENBIRD.
THOMAS MALLETT says, "On Saturday night last I carried a blackbird and cage to Dr. Gwynne's servant; I do not know his name - between nine and ten o'clock, and he gave me part of a truss of hay - I think about 40lbs., which I took home to my house - he also, about a week or ten days ago, gave me half a bushel of oats in a sack, which he told me to come for about nine o'clock - I took the same home - he gave me hay twice - I keep a horse and two cows, but have no land." T. MALLETT.
May 22, 1827, Taken before me, E. R. MOREES.
DR. GWYNNE. I never gave him authority to give away my hay.


                  JOHN 
                  CAMP
               



            . I am constable of Edmonton. I had no conversation with the prisoners before they were brought before the Magistrates - I read the warrant to them, but did not threaten or promise them any thing; Mallett said"I had a bit of hay - Messenbird went with me to my house."
Cross-examined. Q. Then they both went before the Magistrate, and before any evidence was gone into they made a confession of their crime? A. Yes; they did.
MESSENBIRD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MALLETT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
