






784. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SIMPSON
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SIMPSON
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, 2 sacks, value 6s., and 8 bushels of malt, value 3l., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Cass
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Chuck
                     



                  , in a certain barge on the navigable river Thames
            .


                  DAVID 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I am barge-master to Messrs. John Cass and Edward Chuck - they are partners and carry on the malting business

 at Ware, in Hertfordshire; their barge was lying at Chiswick-wharf


, on the Middlesex side of the Thames on the 16th of March - there were three hundred quarters of malt in it, which was their property; when we came from home; whatever is in the barge I have to pay for, if it is lost, but still it was their property; I was to take this malt to Mr. Thompson's, opposite Turnham-green, about two hundred yards from the Thames - it was stowed on board in sacks, each sack containing four bushels; I got there about six o'clock; I went on shore and had a pint of beer; I returned on board at half-past nine, when every thing was all right; I went to bed on board the barge at ten - there were two men, a boy, and myself; at two in the morning the watchman called me, when I got up and ran out naked - my man ran forward and said there were two sacks gone, and two more lay on the gun-wale - they had been pulled from the bulk - there were six hundred sacks in all; the watchman said "Don't fret, I havegot your malt, and I know who the men are;" I have known the two prisoners very well - one of them was tap-boy at the house I use - they lived in the neighbourhood as labourers, but I only went there five or six times a year - John Simpson has worked on board the barge, but I do not know that Thomas has - John had nothing to do on board the barge or with the malt at that time; I had not seen him that evening near the barge; I saw the prisoner Thomas about eight or half-past eight o'clock that morning in custody; I did not see John till the next day.
Cross-examined by Mr. CRESWELL. Q. What hour did you get to Chiswick? A. About six o'clock, and about a quarter of an hour afterwards I went to the Red Lion public-house, and there I saw John Simpson - he said "Halloo, master, you are up again;" I then drank out of his pot, and then had a pint myself - it was strong beer; I do not know how much I had afterwards - part of two or three pots, perhaps - it was porter or hock - three or four of us drank; I had no gin or spirits that night - I drank part of three or four pints of beer after that with old Middleton, the waterman; I went on board the barge again by ten o'clock.
COURT. Q. You know the sacks of malt that the watchman pointed out to you? A. Yes; they were part of my master's bulk, I am sure; I saw both the prisoners there that night, but Thomas did not come in till the latter end of the evening, just before I went on board.


                  RICHARD 
                  GEORGE
               



            . I am a watchman at Chiswick. On the 17th of March, after I had cried the hour of two, my dog barked a good deal; I then went to Dr. Turner's stable, and there I saw Thomas Simpson with a sack of malt on his back; I took hold of the corner, he threw it down upon another sack and ran away; this was about one hundred yards from the barge; I had known him from a child and have no doubt of his person - I said "I have got you now" - he made no answer but ran away; I sprung my rattle, and a man, named Davy, got up and came to a window to know what was the matter - I said a man had been stealing some malt out of the Ware barge - he got up and took one of the sacks into my house, and came back for the other; I then went down and called to the bargeman, but could not awake him - I met another watchman - he then went down and awoke the bargeman - he said "Get up, you will lose all your malt;" I did not see John Simpson till about twenty minutes after two o'clock, when he and his brother came to the place where the malt had been thrown down; I said "You are the two gentlemen who have been lifting off this malt;" John said "What malt" - I said "You will know in the morning" - he said "If you want me you know where to find me" - I showed the same sacks and malt to Lambert, and they are here now.
Cross-examined. Q. This was past two o'clock in the morning? A. Yes; it was not quite bright moon-light, but light enough for me to distinguish him - we went the next day before a Magistrate; I did not say before him that I could not swear to the man, as I did not see his features - what I said to Thomas Simpson was, "I have got you - but he got away - I had hold of the corner of the sack - it was about one hundred yards from the wharf; I had no lantern; I had seen him in the afternoon - he had a lightish jacket and blue trousers on; I mentioned to the foreman of the brewhouse that I knew the person who had committed the robbery; I heard that John surrendered himself, but I did not know it; I only communicated my intelligence to the watchman - I was at work at the brewhouse when the prisoner was taken - I had not stopped a man with a sack of malt half an hour before - I did not see the first sack of malt before Thomas threw his sack down upon it.
COURT. Q. You say you had known them from their childhood? A. Yes; and I swear positively it was Thomas Simpson had the sack.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  ORTON
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I apprehended Thomas from the information I received that morning, at his father's door, at Chiswick.


                  GEORGE 
                  HUNTLEY
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I heard these two men were wanted for stealing malt; and I took Thomas Simpson to the cage - John then sent a person to say he had heard he was wanted, and he would resign himself up.
COURT to 
               
                  DAVID 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . Q. What was the value of this malt? A. Three pounds and six shillings the sacks; the first tier stood upright, the next longways, and the third athwart.
JOHN SIMPSON'S Defence. I was drinking with the prosecutor till near twelve o'clock at night, at the Red Lion; my brother came there a few minutes before 12 o'clock, and drank with us; he went to go home, and the door was locked; he then said he would go to the night-house to get a lodging; and I said I would go and awake his mother; he went on to the night-house, and I went and brought him back and led him to his mother's.
THOMAS SIMPSON'S Defence. I was intoxicated, and was at home when the officer came the next day, and said he wanted me.
COURT to RICHARD GEORGE. Q. When he came back did he appear intoxicated? A. No.
THOMAS SIMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
JOHN SIMPSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
