





181. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  COMMANDER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of November
, 184 lbs. of lead, value 30s.
            , belonging to the 
               
Governor of the poor or alms-house, called Sekford's alms-house



            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the property of the 
               
Master of the Rolls for the time being, and the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas



            .
THIRD COUNT, stating it to be the property of the Right Honourable Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Leach
               



            , Knt., Master of the Rolls
, and the Honourable Sir 
               
                  William Draper 
                  Best
               



            , Knt., Chief Justice of the Common Pleas
.
FOURTH COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Bewdley
               



            ,
MR. BODLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  DUFF
               



            . On the 6th of November I lodged in the third floor of a house, in Woodbridge-street, Clerkenwell


; between two and half-past two o'clock in the morning, I found the water coming through on my bed; I got up, went to the window, and saw the watchman; I called him, and we went into the next house, which is unoccupied: we searched every room till we came to the top room, where we found some lead, lying in two pieces, not rolled up, but in sheets; we found the prisoner partly up a chinmey of the next room, about four yards from the lead. I and a watchman went on the roof of the house; I found one piece of lead had been removed from the building, and laid down - lead had been quite removed from three places; I have seen the prisoner before - he did not live in that building, nor near it.


                  RALPH 
                  BRANCH
               



            . I am a watchman. I was called, and went into this house; I found some lead in the top room, and in the next room (the door of which was put too), we found the prisoner partly up the chimney. I took him to the watch-house - he was quite sober, but shummed intoxication after I took him.


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a watchman. I was called about half-past two o'clock; I went up with Duff, on to the top of the house, and found a large piece of lead, lying flat, but loose, ready to be taken away - it had been moved quite from the place where it had been fixed.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner and lead at the office; I compared the lead with the premises - this piece comes from the gutter, between Nos. 8 and 9, one piece from the roof, and another piece from between Nos. 9 and 10, and which would let the water into Duff's room - it had been fixed in the mortar - they had forced the tiles up, and dragged it away.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARNER
               



            . I produce the lead; there are about 190 lbs. - it appeared to have been recently stripped off.


                  GEORGE 
                  PAYNE ANDREWS
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Anderson, who is Solicitor to the Governors of Sekford's Charity - here is the Act of Parliament, by which they are made trustees of the houses in Woodbridge-street.


                  JOHN 
                  BEWLEY
               



            . I had agreed with the trustees of Sekford's alms-houses to purchase these houses, but the contract was not completed.
Prisoner's Defence. I left my master's at a quarter to nine o'clock, went to a public-house, and met one Wilson, who gave me some brandy and rum, which took away my senses; how I came into the house I cannot tell.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARNER
               



            . He did appear drunk at the watch-house - his hands and face were very dirty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
