





903. 
               
                  MARIA 
                  RIVERS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 15th of March
, 1 purse, value 1d.; 1 shilling, and 18 halfpence, the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Pimley
                     



                  , from the person of Eleanor, his wife

.


                  ELEANOR 
                  PIMLEY
               



            . I am the wife of George Pimley; I lodge at Pentonville. I went out on the morning of the 15th of March; when I returned my husband had some words with me. I then went out, and met the prisoner - I asked her for a lodging; she told me to go with her, and she would say I was her aunt; she went to a door and knocked - I went in and went to bed, and she came about one o'clock to sleep with me, and got into bed. I had not been asleep - I heard her moving, and said,"You have got my money;" she made no answer, but I heard two men in the next room talking to her, and I was afraid to say more; there had been 1s. 9d. and some duplicates in a purse in my pocket. I took the pocket out of her hand, and they were all gone - she said in the morning, it was a pity I had been robbed, and she would get up and make me a cup of tea - but she did not she got up and went into the next room to the two men and a woman, who were in bed there. I told her she had left me destitute of a farthing; I went out, and met her again in the evening, when I had her taken into custody. I had pawned a cloak about a quarter of an hour before I met her in the evening; I went to the pawnbroker's, and found she had taken it out, and pawned it again.


                  CHARLES 
                  PORTER
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Bath, pawnbroker, Goswell-street. I have a cloak, pawned by the prisoner on Friday morning the 16th of March, for 3s. I had never seen her before.
E. PIMLEY re-examined. I had pawned this cloak at another pawnbroker's the night before for 2s. - one of the duplicates I lost related to it.


                  EDWARD 
                  BAYNES
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner at the the corner of Whitecross-street - I asked her if she knew any thing about the woman's things - if she did, she had better give them up. The prosecutrix wished for her cloak above all things; she said she had pawned it at Mr. Fothergill's the night before, and that the duplicate was with ten others in the purse, with 1s. 9d.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met her much intoxicated; she asked me for a lodging - and as she took out her money to pay for it she dropped this duplicate - I took it up; I went to bed afterwards, and found a gin bottle under the pillow; I told her in the morning I had picked up a ticket of a cloak, and if she would go with me I would give it to her
E. PIMLEY. I was quiet sober.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
