





1345. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     CONNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of August
, a gown, value 2 s.; a handkerchief, value 1 s., and a cap, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Hawkins
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am a widow
, and live in Sander's-gardens. I went into the country on the 20th of August, and gave 
               
                  Judith 
                  Kelly
               



             these things to keep till I returned: they cost me 16 s.


                  JUDITH 
                  KELLY
               



            . Hawkins gave me a gown, a cap, and handkerchief, to keep for her. I missed them on Saturday, the 21st of August; the prisoner lived with me at that time, and for three weeks before. She went out the night before, and did not return to sleep at home that night.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  KELLY
               



            . I am husband of the last witness. On Saturday night, the 21st of August, I saw the prisoner at Islington turnpike with the articles on and took her to the watchhouse.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am an officer; I have a gown, cap, and handkerchief, which were taken from the prisoner at Hatton Garden.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went into the country with her to sell smuggled liquors, and she got intoxicated, and said she would send the officer after me for exposing the goods in the basket.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I did not; I had none to sell.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
