





Before Mr. Justice Littledate.
6. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     KNIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Marshall
                        




                     
                  , on the 17th of November
, and stealing 2 smelling-bottles, value 10s., and 1 glass toilet-bottle, value 4s.
            , his property.


                  CHARLES 
                  HOCKING
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. George Marshall, a druggist
 of Brewer-street, Golden-square


 - he keeps the house and lives there; the shop is part of the dwelling-house. On the 17th of November, about five o'clock in the evening, I was engaged in the shop, when Dyson told me something, and some time after that, I heard a cry of Stop thief! I immediately went into the street, and, on examining the shop-window, saw a pane of glass had been broken, two smelling-bottles and some toilet-bottles were taken out, which I had seen there about two hours before - the window was then whole; I did not notice it after that - I did not miss the bottles till about six o'clock.
Prisoner. You said at the examination that you saw the bottles in the window last about three o'clock.
COURT. He said about half-past three o'clock.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  DYSON
               



            . On the evening of the 17th of November, about five o'clock, or a quarter-past, I saw the prisoner at the prosecutor's window - he was standing still at the corner when I first observed him; two young men, who stood opposite, whistled, and he went away from the window - I passed by and observed the glass was cracked across, in two different directions; I returned, went into the shop, gave information, came out immediately, and crossed Golden-square to fetch a constable, who took his station opposite Mr. Marshall's, and I stood at a doorway in Brewer-street; I saw no more till the prisoner was in custody - I took his hat off and found two smelling-bottles in it, which I delivered to Knox, the constable, at the watch-house: I am certain of the prisoner - I think I have seen him about the neighbourhood before; I live at No. 24, Brewer-street.


                  THOMAS 
                  MINTER
               



            . I am a constable. Dyson came to me on the 17th of November, about a quarter-past five o'clock in the evening, I went with him to Mr. Marshall's, and saw the prisoner with two companious; I secreted myself in a doorway, in James'-street, where I had a command of his actions - I found him and his companions repeatedly going up to the window; they attempted to get the glass out, and every time they attempted it, I passed them and saw the glass was secure, except the crack - the last time I saw the prisoner take from the window some articles, but could not perceive at the moment what they were; I went up and tried to catch hold of him first - he ran away and I after him; I cried out Stop thief! and as he ran he threw the glass bottles from him in every direction, from his hat and his pocket; I caught him at the corner of Mary-le-bone-street, and never lost sight of him - I was so close that I struck him with my staff three times: one or two patrols assisted me in taking him - it was five or ten minutes after six o'clock when we took him.
Prisoner. Q. When you took me back, I asked you where my hat was? A. You did: I believe somebody had taken his hat from his hand, but I cannot say - I thought he had thrown it away with the bottles, as he threw his handkerchief away; he ran at a tremenduous rate - if it had not been for the patrols, I do not think we should have taken him.
Q. You said "Your hat is right, you can have it directly"? A. I do not recollect saying so.


                  HENRY 
                  POWELL
               



            . On the 17th of November I was in Brewer-street, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I immediately ran into Mary-le-bone-street, and saw the prisoner,(who was running) stopped by the patrol - he let a toilet-bottle falt out of his hand in Mary-le-bone-street, about five minutes walk from the prosecutor's house; I picked it up immediately, went to the watch-house with him, and gave it to Knox.


                  GEORGE 
                  KNOX
               



             I am watch-house-keeper of St. James'. The prisoner was brought to me on the 17th of November, soon after six o'clock in the evening; two smelling-bottles, a toilet-bottle, and some broken pieces of bottles were delivered to me, by the patrols, who picked them up - Dyson delivered me both the smelling-bottles, and Powell the toilet-bottle; I have had them ever since - Dyson delivered me the hat; I offered it to the prisoner, and he denied it being his.
Prisoner. I told him mine was a silk hat, and that was a beaver one. Witness. He said his was a silk hat.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing along the street, and going tdwards the square, heard a cry of Stop thief! I turned round, and saw a young man following me; I was stopped and accused of robbery, and in the bustle lost my hat: as I was taken to the doctor's shop, I asked the constable where my hat was - he said I should have it directly; he had picked it off the ground.




               GUILTY. Aged 22, Of stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
