





744. 
               
                  
                     SUSAN 
                     JENKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of May
, one sheet, value 5 s., and two gowns, value 15 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Towler
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  TOWLER
               



            . I keep the Duchess of York, public-house, Kingsland-road




. On the 14th of May, about ten o'clock in the morning, in consequence of what I heard, I went up stairs, and found the prisoner in my bed-room. I never saw her before. She was in the act of holding two of my wife's gowns up. I found a sheet at her feet, which belonged to the room above. The gowns had been a chair in the room she took them from. I saw them there four or five hours before - she had taken them from the chair. I said,
"What are you doing?" She pretended to be drunk.


                  SARAH 
                  TOWLER
               



            . I had left my gowns on the chair - I saw them four hours before. I never saw the prisoner before. I assisted the servant in making the bed about four o'clock. I went up when my servant gave the alarm, and saw the prisoner sitting on a chair; I asked her what she did there - she said she should not have been there if she had not been sent, and pretended to be in liquor.


                  JANE 
                  ROBERTS
               



            , I saw the prisoner in the room - I did not know her.


                  JOHN 
                  DENNIS
               



            . I took her into custody, with the gowns and sheet.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I beg for mercy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
