





Before Mr. Baron Hullock.
903. 
               
                  MARIA 
                  WOOD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of April
, 20 pieces of lace, containing in length 30 yards, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Lacon
                     




                  , her master, in his dwelling-house
            .


                  SUSAN 
                  LACON
               



            . I am the wife of John Lacon - we live in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square


. The prisoner was our servant of all-work
 - I desired her to leave, and on the 12th of April (previous to her leaving) I insisted on searching her boxes. I partially searched them about eleven o'clock at night, and then sent for the watchman, who searched her person twice; I saw him find several articles on her, some concealed in her bosom; the lace was under her clothes - it is in different lengths. I cannot say whether it was all taken together - no one piece is worth 40s.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  RICHARD 
                  ADDISON
               



            . I am a watchman, and searched the prisoner - I found all this property, some concealed on her person, and some in boxes.


                  SAMUEL 
                  VORLEY
               



            . I am constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house; I went to her in the night, as she was alone; she asked me if she should be hung; I said I hoped not; she said, "Do you think they will transport me?" I said she knew best whether she was guilty - she said she certainly had taken the things, and was very sorry, but had never done any thing of the sort before.
Prisoner. I am perfectly sorry for offending so good a master and mistress - I know I deserve it, because I had no right to do it.




               GUILTY. Aged 28. Of stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
