





1317. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  WOODWARD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of August
, a handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Wilkinson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN WILKINSON. I live in Cateaton-street. On the 2d of August, about nine o'clock at night, I was in Cheapside


 - I had left home about an hour - my handkerchief was then in my pocket - I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner and an officer, struggling in the middle of the street - the officer stooped and picked up something - he had hold of the prisoners, and brought him up to me with my handkerchief.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you any private mark on it? A. No, it is not a common pattern - I bought the whole piece - I felt no pull at my pocket.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am a City officer. I saw Mr. Wilkinson, with a lady, in Cheapside, going towards home; I saw the prisoner and another go under a hoard at the corner of Old Change - they followed Mr. Wilkinson - he crossed over towards Gutter-lane - they went on before him a little, then crossed over and came behind him - there was no appearance of his handkerchief hanging out. I kept my eye on them, and, just opposite to Bread-street, I saw the other one take the handkerchief out of Mr. Wilkinson's pocket, and immediately give it to the prisoner, who put it inside his bosom, closed his coat, and crossed over to go down Friday-street - the other went strait by the prosecutor; I caught hold of the prisoner in the middle of the road, and in the scuffle the handkerchief fell down between our feet - the other ran off - he gave no account how he got it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
Two witnesses gave the prisoner a good character in consequence of which he was recommended to mercy.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
