





TENTH DAY, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 22.
1163. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NARROWAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of September
, one sow, price 2 l. 5 s., and five hogs, price 6 l., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Well
                        



                     
                  , and one sow, price 30 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Matthews
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am a gentleman's gardener
, and live at Hendon


. On the 5th of September, about nine o'clock in the morning, I missed a sow in pig, and five fat pigs. I had seen them fastened in the sty, about six o'clock the evening before. I found my four pigs and a sow of Richard Matthew's at Pancras watch-house, two days after, and have since found my sow - I knew them to be mine.


                  RICHARD 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I live at Hendon. On the 5th of September, I lost a sow. I had turned her out in the street at a quarter past six o'clock. I found her at Pancras watch-house, and knew her - the prisoner lived in the neighbourhood, and has been in my house.


                  GEORGE 
                  CLUNES
               



            . I am sergeant of the night. On the 6th of September, about nine o'clock at night, I was at the bottom of Carmarthen-street, and saw the prisoner giving these pigs some potatoes, a woman was with him - I did not suspect him; he loitered about the street with them till ten o'clock; the pigs then strayed about the street. I drove them to the watch-house - the prisoner afterwards came and claimed them as his.


                  CHARLES 
                  COUSINS
               



            . I am watch-house keeper. About half-past four o'clock on the morning of the 7th, Clunes called me up. I went to Carmarthen-street, and he drove the four pigs and a sow to the watch-house, and about half-past ten o'clock that morning, the prisoner came and claimed them. I asked him about them; he said his father bought them at Barnet - he was permitted to go at large - the prosecutor saw and claimed them. I afterwards went and took the prisoner in Euston-square. I went up to him, and asked, when he wanted to fetch the pigs; he said directly, and went with me. I asked what they cost, he said 4 l. or four guineas. When he got into the next street, he ran away - I ran and secured him.
Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
