






1330. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JOSEPH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     CUMBER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of October
, a milk jug, value 20 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sophia 
                           Bull
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Bull
                        



                     
                  , privately in their shop
            .


                  MARY 
                  BULL
               



            . I am in partnership with my mother, 
               
                  Sophia 
                  Bull
               



            , who is a widow
 - we keep a silversmith's shop

, in Leadenhall-street


. On Saturday morning last, between eight and nine o'clock, the prisoners came into the shop; I was called down to them; Cumber asked to see a watch key; I sent up for my keys. Two silver jugs were on the counter, full of milk, and while I was serving them, I saw milk running out of Joseph's cap - I said that was a strange place to carry milk; he ran out immediately, and I laid hold of Cumber - the servant followed Joseph, who was brought back with it. Cumber was at the door, going out, when I laid hold of him; I had not shewn him the watch-key.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am a blacksmith. I was coming along St. Mary-axe, heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw Joseph running up Brown's-building - I ran round another place, met and stopped him; he dropped the milk jug, which I picked up, and took him to the shop.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CUMBER'S Defence. I went in to buy a key - this boy came in after me; I know nothing of him.
JOSEPH. I know nothing of this lad.
JOSEPH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CUMBER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
