






313. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     DENNIS 
                     DONOVAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, a handkerchief, value 18 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Buttfield
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BUTTFIELD
               



            . I am collector to a Dispensary
, and live in Newman-street. On Sunday evening the 12th of January, between seven and eight o'clock, I was in High-street, St. Giles's


, with a lady; a person gave me information; I then felt, and missed my handkerchief from my pocket; the prisoners were taken, I had not seen them near me; the officer brought me my handkerchief next morning.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I am a constable of Islington. I was with Jordan and Bradbury, and saw the prisoner's in company, and following different gentlemen, which induced me to watch them; I saw the prosecutor walking with a lady, they went up to him, and I saw Collins draw the handkerchief out of the pocket, and give it to Donovan, and both got away, through some courts; I stopped the prosecutor and took his address, we then went into St. Giles's, and saw them among about ten others, it was not safe to take them, they were holding the handkerchief up and looking at it; we watched them till they came out from the rest; I then took Donovan, and found the handkerchief in his hat.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I am a constable. I saw the prisoners, and watched them for two hours. I was just half across the road, and saw one of them take the handkerchief, but could not see which; they ran up the yard, we took them in about five minutes; I saw Donovan shewing it to Collins. They would have been rescued, if we had not had assistance.
COLLINS'S Defence. I saw it on the ground, picked it up and gave it to Donovan.
DONOVAN'S Defence. He picked it up and said, his hat was too tight, and told me to put it into mine for him.
COLLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
DONOVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Life
            .
