





998. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
, one handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Bond
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BOND
               



            . I am a boot and shoe-maker
, and live in Shoe-lane. On the 27th of May, about half-past eleven o'clock in the morning, I was on Holborn-hill


, a person said my pocket was picked, I cast my eye off the pavement to the prisoner, and said I suppose that man is running off with it - I pursued him; he was not above twenty yards off; I did not lose sight of him. I overtook him about fifty yards off, and took him to Clinton's. I saw the handkerchief found in his small clothes - he asked what I was going to do with him, saying that he had nothing of mine.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS GARDNER
               



            . I am an upholsterer, and live in Lamb's Conduit-street. I was on Holborn-hill, and saw the prisoner alone - I saw him take the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket, and put it either into his side pocket or his breeches. I told the prosecutor - the prisoner crossed over, and he followed him, and secured him without my losing sight of him - I saw it taken out of his breeches.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CLINTON
               



            , I am a constable, and live in Fleet-market. The prosecutor brought the prisoner to me - he said,
"You see I have not got it," and turned his pockets out. I found it in his breeches.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He found my own property in my pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
