





729. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JUTSUM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of February
, 1 milk jug, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wheeler
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  HOARE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Wheeler
               



            , who lives in Princes-street, Hanover-square


. On the 27th of February, about one o'clock, I saw the prisoner in the kitchen passage, as I was going up stairs with the dinner; I asked him what he wanted - I do not know what he said; but I told him to wait a few minutes and I would be back, as I thought he came with the baker's bill - in three or four minutes I came back, and saw him coming out of the kitchen door; I asked what brought him into the kitchen - he said
Nothing; he got between me and the door, and ran up five of the area steps - I ran and caught hold of the skirt of his coat; he said,
"Let me go;" I said I would not, and brought him back into the kitchen; I called out and my master came down - the prisoner then took the milk-jug out of his pocket - I had seen it safe half an hour before.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not come back willingly? A. No; you asked me to let you go; I am certain you took the jug out of your pocket.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WILLIAM VALENTINE
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and have this jug.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he had called at the house to leave his card to solicit orders as a glazier
, declaring that he had not touched the jug, and that the prosecutor offered to liberate him if he would acknowledge having taken it.


                  MARY 
                  HOARE
               



            . I believe he gave a card to my master after he was detained; I did not hear my master say if he would acknowledge to taking the cream-ewer he would let him go; I saw him pull it out of his pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
