





1960. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  WOODMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of September
, 3 pairs of stockings, value 2s.; 1 sheet, value 4s.; 1 towel, value 4d.; 1 pinafore, value 2d.; 1 pocket, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 8d.; 1 tea-tray, value 2s.; 1 ring, value 12s.; 1 umbrella, value 6s.; 2 waiters, value 4s., and 24 knives and forks, value 19s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Harlow
               




            .
ANN HARLOW. I am a widow
, and live in Norton Falgate


 - I deal in jewellery
 - the prisoner was four months in my service. On the 26th of September, about five o'clock in the morning. I heard the bell ring, and somebody open the door - I got out of bed, and heard two persons coming up-stairs; I waited a little time, and saw the prisoner go into the garret - she went into the kitchen in a few minutes; I went in and saw a strange woman there - she said she had come to assist the girl to wash; she had a few things to wash - I desired the woman to leave the house directly; but I saw the tea-tray and some things tied up together - I went to let the woman out, but she could not find her bonnet - the prisoner fetched it from the garret - I then missed the tea-tray from where I had seen it, and found it in the coal-hole - I asked the prisoner what she meant to do with it; she said, to give it to that woman for helping her to wash - I called up Store; we searched her box, and found several of these things; and between her bed and the mattress, I found an umbrella of mine - the pocket she had on was mine, and had my handkerchief in it, with my gold ring hid in the corner of it.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Had she not a good character? A. Yes; she is in the family-way - I have heard that she is married.


                  RICHARD 
                  STORE
               



            . I am in Mrs. Harlow's service, and saw the property found.


                  THOMAS 
                  VAN
               



            . I apprehended her.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
