





1911. 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  HOLLIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of June
, 1 coat, value 35s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 15s.; 3 waistcoats, value 18s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 1s. 6d.; 1 shirt, value 5s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 6s.; 1 sovereign, and 1 half-sovereign
            , the property of 
               
                  James 
                  White
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a journeyman shoemaker
, and live in New Tothill-street, Westminster


; the prisoner lodged in the same house. On the 26th of June I went home about ten o'clock in the evening, and missed the shoes from a basket - I then found the lock of my box was wrenched; I then missed all these articles stated - I had seen them safe at seven o'clock, when I left work; the money was in the box, and that was gone - a shoulder-stick and some tools were taken from my bench; the prisoner did not return.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live in the same house. I saw the prisoner in the course of this month - he sent for me to the One Tun public-house; I asked where he had been: he said at different places round the country, and that on the 26th of June he came home, found us all out, and he took a chisel off my seat, wrenched the lock off this box, and took out the money and clothes, and took the shoes out of the basket.


                  JOHN 
                  KILBY
               



            . I am a constable, and took up the prisoner; I found this waistcoat on his person, and these shoes were at a pawnbroker's, where the prisoner said he had pawned them; I found this shoulder-stick and tools at his lodging.
Prisoner's Defence. The man who has come against me is a bad character himself; the landlord of the Cock public-house will not suffer him to come into his house, for stealing some cloth from a hawker, and living with a girl whom he cannot support, except by prostitution or theft; he told me he had been chased out of the place he lived in, for stealing a tea-caddy.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I was never charged with theft.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
