





1560. 
               
                  ISABELLA 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of July
, three yards and a half of kerseymere, value 25 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hester
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  HESTER
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Hester, who is a woollen-draper
, and lives in Cloth-fair


. The prisoner came to our shop about four o'clock in the afternoon of the 22d of July - there was another woman with her - they wanted a waistcoat pattern; the other woman went to the outside of the window, and pointed to some which I shewed them. I then missed a piece of kerseymere from the counter, which had been lying about half way on it. I do not think the prisoner moved from the counter while the other went out. I felt timid, and did not say any thing to them; they went out of the shop without buying any thing, and I followed; they got to a turning, and I saw the piece of kerseymere at the bottom of the prisoner's gown. I caught hold of her with one hand, and drew it from her; she said "I picked it up." - I was very much confused, and do not know whether I said any thing to her or not.


                  GEORGE 
                  HADDON
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going out to market and met a slight acquaintance, who asked me where I was going; she said she was going to buy a bit of stuff for a waistcoat, where could she get it. I said, in Cloth-fair. When we got to the shop, the lady was playing with an infant on the floor - my child was cross, and the young child on the floor attracted my attention, and I played with the two children. In the mean time I suppose it was the other young woman who took the piece; the lady pursued us, and the young woman dropped the parcel at our feet. I had but one hand at leisure, and could not have concealed it, if I had been disposed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
