





829. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     CORAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of March
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 seal, value 1l.; 1 watch-key, value 4s.; and 1 ring, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Parman
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  PARMAN
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker
, and live in Old-street. On the 7th of March I was in Sun-street, Vinegar-yard, Old-street-road


; about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes past twelve o'clock; I had met the prisoner before in the City-road - she asked me to go home with her; I went with her to this place, and was there about ten minutes - I then missed my watch - I had been talking with her, but she had not asked me for any money - I had taken no liberties with her; I am certain the watch was in my fob when I went into the house - my seal, key, and ring were to it - I did not take it out -I felt her take it out; another woman came into the room at the same time, and went out directly; she came close to the prisoner, and was near enough to have taken the watch from her; I accused the prisoner of having robbed me, pushed her towards the window, and called Watch! Watch! several times; a man came into the room and said, "What do you do here - what do you want?" and struck me over the head with his fist; I was then about to go, but at that moment the watchman came up; it was a front room, on the first floor; I was going down, and met the watchman on the stairs; I gave charge of her - we went to the watch-house - the man followed us - he insisted upon coming in, and I gave charge of him, for striking me; it appeared to me that the other woman had got my watch; the prisoner was searched, but it was not found on her, nor on the man; the watch-housekeeper directed me to search all my pockets, which I did, and the watch was not about me then: there were between twenty and thirty people at the watch-house, and I had to pass through them to get out; when I got opposite St. Luke's hospital, I found the watch in my left-hand trouser's pocket; I am sure it was not there when I was in the watch-house; it appeared to have been pulled, the ring was broken, and the seal and key were loose - the fob did not appear as if it had been pulled out; I will take my solemn oath that it was not there when I was at the watch house.


                  RICHARD 
                  HOLMAN
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the cry of Watch! about half-past twelve o'clock - I went to the house - the woman of the house said there was a piece of work up stairs: I went up - the prosecutor said he had been robbed of his watch; I took the prisoner, and found no watch on her; the man who came to the watch-house was locked up, and had three examinations, but was discharged.


                  JESSE 
                  TUSTIN
               



            . I am constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, about half-past twelve o'clock; the prosecutor seemed to have all his senses about him, and told his story correctly and well -I desired him to feel in all his pockets, if he had lost any thing else - he did so; I said, "Are you confident you have not lost any thing else?" he felt all his pockets, and found this bag, with a sovereign and some silver in it, all safe; there were a great number of people in the watch-house, and some outside.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw that he had a watch; on the following morning he told the watchman that a friend of his had been drinking with him, and had taken care of his watch for him: how could I possibly put a watch into his pocket without his knowing it; that man or woman would not have come up, only he broke all the ornaments on the mantel-piece.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Life
            .
