





421. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NORMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of December
, four pairs of stockings, value 9 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Poole
                        



                     
                  , from the person of Mary, his wife

.


                     MARY 
                     POOLE
                  



               
            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Poole
               



            . On the 29th of December I was going home, and had four pairs of stockings in my pocket, and by Finsbury-square


, by some posts, a man met me, and ran against me. I turned to go between the next posts, and the prisoner stood behind me, so that I could not pass there; the people came up, and both walked off. I missed my stockings from my pocket, and called out; the prisoner was immediately brought back with them.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. You are not confident of his person, as he was behind - A. Yes; they could not have fallen from the basket, for I had fastened it down on both sides - I had bought them five minutes before. I never lost sight of him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HOGG
               



            . I was in Chiswell-street, and saw the prosecutrix between the posts, by the square; two men in front of her, and one behind. I saw his hand come out of the basket, with a small parcel; the man in front ran off; and he ran down Providence-row. I followed and caught him with the stockings in his hand; he said he had picked them up.
Cross-examined. Q. What time was it - A. Five o'clock, it was darkish, but I was not two yards from him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BRIDGES
               



            . I took him in charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing between the posts, and three men stood there, one of them dropped a parcel. I picked it up, and followed to give it to them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
