





1812. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  SMALLWOOD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of August
, 1 half-crown, and 2 halfpence
            , the monies of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Oakley
               




            , widow
.
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.
ELIZABETH OAKLEY. I am a widow, and keep a small shop
, in Haberdashers'-place, Hoxton


, I let a stable, behind my house, to William Shackell; the prisoner was in his employ, and knew my house and family. On the 10th of August, between ten and eleven o'clock at night I marked a half-crown, a shilling, and a sixpence, which I put into the silver division of my till; no other silver was there - I had closed my shop, and finished business for the night; my niece marked some copper. I got up about half-past five o'clock, and at a quarter to six, I saw the prisoner in my shop, which was not then opened for business; no customer had been; my niece and I then went into the parlour, shut the door, and put up a thick curtain, so that we could not be seen; we turned it aside, and had a fullview of the till and desk; the prisoner came to the back door, when the servant had taken down seven shutters; as soon as he set his foot in, he called "Mrs. Oakley!" pretty loud- I made no reply; he instantly advanced into the shop, and went on stooping, with his head below the counter, to the till, and drew it out, then raised his head, and looked into it, put his hand in, and took something out - he then took something out of the copper drawer; he went to the desk and tried that, but it was locked; he returned in the same position, went to the back door, ran up the first pair of stairs, stood there a few seconds, and returned, went out, shut the door, and ran into the stable - I had seen the money safe in the till just before - I examined it again directly, and the half-crown was gone - I sent for an officer, and he was taken - I went to the watch-house, and saw him struggling with the constable; he declared he had not set his foot in the house that morning; the officer would search him, and found the marked half-crown, which I knew directly; he threw some copper on the table in the scuffle.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Is your son in partnership with you? A. Yes; I keep the house; this was housekeeping money - it did not belong to the trade - I had taken it from the till before - I have a certain sum for housekeeping; my son lives in the house; if I do not lay it all out, I have the rest.
COURT. Q. Did you take the money out of the till to mark it? A. No, from my pocket - it was my own, for housekeeping.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's niece. I marked some copper with a cross, and put it into the till; I saw the prisoner come into the shop about a quarter to six o'clock in the morning; I had heard him in the stable - we placed ourselves so that we could see - he came in and stooped round the counter, drew out the till, and took something from it - I saw him take 21/2d. from his pocket at the watch-house, and two of the halfpence were what I had marked.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the half-crown marked? A. Yes; I cannot say whether my aunt took it from her pocket or the till.


                  RICHARD 
                  CONSTANSTINE
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody at the stable; I told him the charge at the watch-house; he denied it. Mrs. Oakley came, and said, "How can you deny it, I saw you do it, and know you have got the money." I found a marked half-crown and 7s. in his fob; she claimed the half-crown; some halfpence were thrown on the table, which I put into my pocket, but my wife got them and spent them; here is the half-crown; Foster claimed two of the halfpence.
MRS. OAKLEY. This is the half-crown; here are two marks on each side the crown.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
