





183. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     WALTERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of October
, 1 umbrella, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Eaton
                        



                     
                  , her mistress
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bamford
                  



               
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  SARAH 
                  EATON
               



            . I live in Fenchurch-street


. On the 19th of October Thomas Bamford left an umberella at my house - on the 30th it was called for, and could not be found; the prisoner was at that time in my service - she was out when I searched for the umbrella; I had given her leave to go out - when she came home I asked if she knew what had become of the umbrella, which was in the closet at the foot of the stairs; she said she did not know any thing of it - I directed my daughter to inquire at the different pawnbrokers.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. What is Bamford? A. A cellarman
. The prisoner came into my service on the 15th of August; I took in the umbrella myself.


                  JANE 
                  EATON
               



            . I am the proserutrix's daughter. I called at Barker's the pawnbroker's, and described this umbrella; he then produced it to me - I left it there, returned to my mother's, and saw the prisoner - I told her I had found the umbrella; she then said "I pledged it, and lost the duplicate as I came home from Fenchurch-street" - I had not said she had better tell the truth.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you appear against the prisoner on Saturday? A. My sister did - she was then acquitted.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know how any charge was made against her? A. She was charged with nothing till the umbrella was lost.


                  EBENEZA 
                  HODGES
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Barker, and know the prisoner: on the 30th of October she pawned this umbrella with me for 7s. - I did not know her before, but have not the least doubt of her; a young woman was with her.
Cross-examined. Q.When were you spoken to about this? A. Next morning Miss Eaton came; the prisoner pawned it in the name of Ann Roach - it was between six and seven o'clock in the evening, and dark; we have thirty or forty customers in a day.


                  MARIA 
                  BOLTON
               



            . I am single. I went to Barker's with the prisoner, when she pawned this umbrella for 7s.; I saw it in her hand - it was a brown silk one.
Cross-examined. Q. What time was it? A. It was in the evening, and I should think between seven and nine o'clock; I know I was in the kitchen with my mother at seven and I returned at nine.


                  SARAH 
                  EATON
               



            . This is the umbrella Bamford left with me.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you a servant named Roach? A. I had - she left me on the 15th of August, before the umbrella was left; she left the day before the prisoner came - she has called at the house since.


                  JANE 
                  EATON
               



            . I am certain of this umbrella.
Cross-examined. Q.Did you receive it from Bamford? A. No, but I have very often seen it - it has been in our house about ten days; I often noticed it.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you describe it to the pawnbroker before he produced it? A.Yes; I described the head of it, and as a brown silk one, with a leather string.


                  THOMAS 
                  BAMFORD
               



            . This is my umbrella - I left it at Mrs. Eaton's.
Cross-examined. Q. When did you leave it there? A. On Sunday morning, the 19th of October - I gave it Mrs. Eaton herself, to take care of; I bought it new a month or two before - I have no name on it, but am quite confident of it, and could point it out among a hundred.


                  BRIDGET 
                  ROACH
               



            . On my oath I never pawned that umbrella, or any other.
Cross-examined. Q. How long were you in Mrs. Eaton's service? A. Three months and a fortnight - I was discharged.


                  EBENEZA 
                  HODGES
               



            . The last witness did not pawn the umbrella - I never saw her before.
Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Judge and Jury.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
