






1149. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLING
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  ROW
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of May
, 117lbs. weight of lead, value 16s., belonging to 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Allen
                     




                  , and fixed to a certain dwelling-house of his
            .


                  JOHN 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 25th of May, about nine o'clock, I saw the two prisoners - each had a quantity of this lead in a bag - they were near together: I stopped Row and asked what he had got in the bag - he said he was following his father; I called a man to take hold of him, while I pursued and took Willing - he had about half a hundred weight; he said they were going to sell it, and they had found it in a ditch - this was rather more than half a mile from Mr. Allen's - they were going up the back streets, by Whitechapel; they lodged with a man named Wright, who is a tenant of Mr. Allen's.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHRISTIAN
               



            . I am a night officer. The prisoners were brought to the watch-house by Norris, and we took Willing to shew us where he found the lead - he pointed out a ditch in a field, and I desired him to go down and shew me exactly where it was - the moment he got down his shoes sunk in the mud, and it was evident there was no mark there before - it had been raining the day or two before, which had made the ground soft - there was no dirt upon the lead or the boys. I brought Willing back, and then went with Row to shew us where he had found it, and he shewed another place, about 400 yards from where the other had shewn; I desired him to go down, and he made similar marks - there had been none there before: I saw him look over his shoulder towards Mr. Allen's; I then went there to inquire, and found this lead had been taken from the gutter - it is cut in a very ragged manner, and stained very curiously - it exactly corresponded with what was left. I found a key in Willing's pocket which opened the padlock on the door of the house.


                  THOMAS 
                  MERCER
               



            . I am agent to Mr. Thomas Allen. I have the care of these houses, and collect the rents; this house was empty - the lead was fixed down on the roof - I had seen it safe about two months before; I had known the prisoners about the neighbourhood - they lodged at a Mr. Wright's.
WILLING'S Defence. The key is the key of my clothes box.
WILLING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
ROW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
