





973. 
               
                  SIDWELL 
                  HALEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of March
, 1 bag, value 2d.; 1 half-crown, and 2 penny-pieces, the property of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Wickmill
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Jane 
                        Brown
                     



.
JANE BROWN. I am fourteen years old, and live with my mother. On the 31st of March, at seven o'clock in the evening, I was going along with my cousins; the prisoner and three other girls, came up to us; the prisoner left the others, came up, and asked us for a penny; I had none - my cousin had a halfpenny, and I had one; we put them together and gave them to her. I had never seen her before; she then asked for another penny, I said I had no more of our own: she said she knew we had, and that it was to make up three quarterns of gin, and we should have some. I said we never drank gin; she said she would never let us go clear, if we did not give it to her - she put her hand down my bosom and tore the beads off my neck; she threw them at me, and said, "You may have them again." I had a bag of money down my bosom, I took it out, and held it tight in my hand - she took my hand, forced it open, and pulled it out; my cousin asked her for the money, she took and hit her in the eye, and gave her a dreadful blow - she began to run; I called Stop thief! and she was taken; she gave my bag and money to another girl. I am sure she is the girl who took it - there were two half-crowns and two penny pieces in it; they belonged to Elizabeth Wickmill.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am fifteen years old. I was with Jane Brown, and in Duke-street, Manchester-square


, I saw the prisoner come and take the purse; I asked her to give it up - she struck me in the eye and ran away; my cousin called Stop thief! nobody stopped her - I then called out and she was stopped. She gave the money to another girl, who got away.


                  GEORGE 
                  PONDER
               



            . I saw the crowd, and took the prisoner in charge.
Prisoner. I leave it to the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
