





1353. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  TRACEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of September
, a handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Rowland 
                        Ryley
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I am an officer. On Sunday evening last I saw the prisoner with another, following some persons from Long-acre - I followed them in company with Reardon; I then saw his companion take something from the prosecutor's pocket, and give it to the prisoner; I followed the companion, but he made some resistance, and I did not pursue my man any further. - Reardon secured the prisoner.


                  EDWARD 
                  HEDGES
               



            . I am beadle of St. George's. I keep the Turk's Head. On Sunday night I heard a noise in the street; I came down, and this witness and another ushered the prisoner into the house; he said, "You shall not search me - you are no officer;" I said, "Then I am, I will search you," and in his small-clothes I found this handkerchief. I called on Mr. Riley the same night, who claimed it.


                  DANIEL 
                  REARDON
               



            . I was with Colton - we watched the prisoner and another, who were following a gentleman and a lady down King-street - his companion took a handkerchief from one of their pockets; Colton followed him, and I followed the prisoner.
ROWLAND RILEY. I was near the end of King-street, Long-acre


, and Colton said, "You have been robbed;" It expressed some difficulty about leaving my wife, as it rained, but he said there was no occasion for that, as the person was in custody.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I saw two young men pass me - they dropped this handkerchief, which I took up, and put into my pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
