





1431. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             was indicted for a 


               misdemeanor
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  RICE
               



            . I am in the service of Messrs. 
               
                  Richard 
                  Hardwick
               



             and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Hogg
               



            , glovers and leather sellers, Cheapside. I never saw the prisoner till the 28th of September, between four and five o'clock in the evening, when he came to the shop, and said he came from Messrs, Clementi's, for a sample of the buck skins that a person had been speaking about; he was without a coat or a hat, and had a clean apron on, like a mechanic - I counted twenty skins, and he put them on his shoulder and went away. I should not have trusted him with them, but I gave credit to his representation - it is usual for musical instrument makers to have such articles. He returned in five or six minutes, and said Messrs. Clementi very much approved of them, and desired him to fetch the remainder. I had no doubt but that it was all as it ought to be, and counted out twenty-three more, which were all I had of the kind. I should not have parted with them if I had not been convinced by his representation, that he came from there. I then walked out at the door after him, and watched him across the way; he went over, and went about half way down a court, which leads to Clementi's back premises - he then turned back again. I went over, and laid my hand on the skins, and asked him what he was going to do with them - he said he was going to their back premises - he then went up Old Change, and then to the Bull's Head, public-house, and laid them down on the tap-room table. I said,
"Is this Clementi's;" he did not know what to say. I then said,
"The best thing you can do is to tell me where the others are" - he said he would, and we set off down Old Change, and Watling-street; he said he was going to Fleet-lane; I said I should not go there - I took him back, and gave charge of him.

MR. 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  WILLIAM COLLARD
               



            . I am in partnership with Muzio Clementi, and my brother, 
               
                  William 
                  Frederick Collard
               



            . I do not know in the world of any other firm of the name of Clementi. We never sent for these skins.


                  THOMAS 
                  RICE
               



             re-examined. A person named Herbert had been looking at some skins about three weeks before, and took three skins over to Clementi's, and I thought the prisoner came for the same skins.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
