





653. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  WILLIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of January
, 1 fixture, (i. e.) 1 copper, value 30s., belonging to 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Pullman
                     




                  , and fixed to a certain building of his; against the Statute
            .


                  MARY 
                  FROST
               



            . I am a widow, and lodge at Mr. Pullman's - there was a copper fixed in the back kitchen of that house. On the 23d of January between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was coming down and found something on the stairs which I thought was like the copper; I called to a woman to bring a light, and we got a brewer's servant, who went down in the back kitchen and found the prisoner; the copper had been taken from the brick-work, and put on the stairs - I had seen it safe about seven o'clock the same morning.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not meet you in the passage with the candle in your hand? A. No; I never saw you till you came up from the kitchen with Wilkins. Three families lodge in the same house - the door was open.


                  HENRY 
                  WILKINS
               



            . I was sent for, and went to the house; I found the prisoner on the kitchen stairs; I asked what he was doing; he made me an answer which I did not understand; and his hands were all black, as if he had been taking a copper down - the copper was then at the bottom of the stairs, I believe.
ROBERT PULLMAN. I am owner of the house - it is in West-street, St. Giles'


; this copper is my property.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been taking up some old floors at the west end of the town; I was returning home, and was taken ill; I had no half-pence to go to a public-house, and seeing the door of this house open, I went into the yard - this woman accosted me when I came back, and asked what I wanted there; I told her, and she said she thought I had pulled down a copper; I said I had not, and she went to see - I did not attempt to go away; if I had pulled it down I must have had some tool about me.
JURY to MR. PULLMAN. Q. Could the copper have been removed without any tools? A. Yes; it could have been pulled up by the hands.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
