





1251. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of September
, one watch, value 10 s.; one coat, value 10 s.; one hat, value 5 s., and one pair of shoes, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Neil 
                           Moran
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  NEIL 
                  MORAN
               



            . I am an artificial-flower maker
, and live in Greek-street, Soho. On Sunday night, the 9th of September, between twelve and one o'clock, I was locked out of my lodging, and wandered about the streets until five o'clock in the morning, I was quite sober. In George-street, St. Giles's, a man shoved me off the footway. I asked why he did it - he then knocked me down, and as I was getting up he knocked me down again; the prisoner then came up, and pretended to take my part, and another tall man with him - the man who knocked me down went away. I took the prisoner and the other man to a public-house, and treated them with half a gallon of beer for their civility; they told me they knew the man who had abused me so, and if I would go and lay down at their lodging and take some rest, they would get me some breakfast in the morning; they took me to No. 9, Church-street


, into the parlour, there was a bed in the room and a woman, who I understood to be the wife of one of them; they told her to get breakfast ready by the time I got up; the prisoner helped me off with my coat as it was tight - I was quite sober. I took off my shoes and hat - I had my watch in my fob. It was about seven o'clock when I laid down, and about nine o'clock, I found the prisoner fumbling in my waistcoat pocket. I asked what was the matter, he said, "Nothing, I am only putting the clothes on you;" nobody but him was in the room. I got up and they were all off, and my coat, shoes, and hat also, and my watch was gone from my fob. I found the slider and ring of it on the bed - it was fastened to the ribbon - I had my watch with me when I left my lodging. I have found nothing since. I went out and alarmed the neighbourhood; the prisoner was taken between four and five o'clock that day. We took him to the public-house, and the landlord said he was one of the two who were with me, and he did not deny it - I am certain of him.


                  JAMES 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I took the prisoner in custody, he denied the charge. The prosecutor might have been drinking.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw this man and another stripped, and fighting, in George-street, the prosecutor was in liquor, and the other was striking him. I pulled him off - they fought for a quarter of an hour, then the prosecutor gave me some beer; he said he should like to lay down, and the man who drank with us said he could lay down at his place; four of us, and two girls of the town went with him, the man pulled off his coat and shoes. I went home in ten minutes, as I did not lodge there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
