





1380. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Law
                        




                     
                  , on the 11th of October, with intent to rob him and his goods and monies from his person, feloniously to steal
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  LAW
               



            . I live at Enfield, and am a bricklayer
. On the 11th of October I went to the Rose and Crown public-house, at Clay-hill, about six o'clock, and left about eleven at night; it was quite moon-light, and I was not at all in liquor - when I got to Enfield


 I saw three men against the new buildings - the prisoner was one; I had seen him before, and knew his name. I did not know the others - the prisoner seized me by the cuff of the coat, and dragged me against the poles - the other two men were gone forward - he did not speak to me, but gave me a knock on the head and kicked me - he then grabbed at my watch; I seized it, and the glass was broken in the scuffle - I asked him what he wanted - he said
"I want to rob you, what do you think?" I then ran away from him and got to my lodgings - he followed me; but when I rapped at the door he run back - he tried to get my watch and got hold of the ribbon; but I got it from him - he seemed to be tipsy; but he could run very well - I had seen him about a fortnight before that time - he was apprehended next day about two o'clock at the Rising-Sun public-house, at Enfield Town. I was not at all hurt, but my clothes were dirtied.


                  JOHN 
                  MEAD
               



            . I am a constable. I heard of this transaction the next day - I took the prisoner at the Rising-Sun public-house - he said he knew nothing about it. I have known him from a boy - he said he left the public-house about half-past eleven o'clock, and went home with two men named William Hill and 
               
                  William 
                  Tapp
               



            , and never left them - they are not here; nor did they appear before the magistrates. Mr. Hill came to me the next morning - I said to him
"The prisoner says he never left your company."
"Yes" said he,
"he did stop behind for something, but I do not know what, and he overtook me again at the bridge."
Prisoner's Defence. I had not left my companions above six yards.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
