





1915. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD MATTHEW 
                     HOLT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of October
, 1 sovereign, the money of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM SMITH. I am a seaman
, and have known the prisoner fourteen years, we were schoolfellows; but I had not seen him for five years, till last Thursday, when I took him home, gave him a good dinner, and spent some money on him - then bid him good night, and told him most likely I should receive my money to-morrow, and if he came next evening we would have some beer together; he came, and at night I went to the play with him, a girl, and two boys - I spent 1l. 18s. on them, besides the two sovereigns, and in the morning I only had 2 1/2d. left - I gave one of the boys 1s. to get me something to eat, and the boy took a sovereign out of my pocket; I grumbled about it all the way down Blackfriars-road, and we made it up when we crossed Fleet-market - they got in conversation with me, and the three others ran away; I said, "Dick now they are gone, I will go home, and see if my mother is come home-" we went, and she was not at home; as we came down Golden-lane, I asked if he could get me a bed for the night - he said he could; I had a sovereign, a farthing, and a shilling in my pocket - I said I should like to have some drink; he took me into a house, and had a quartern of rum - I then had a farthing and a sovereign in my trousers pocket; the buttons of my waistcoat were undone - when we got a little way down the lane, he took hold of my arm; we crossed Smithfield, and just before we got to Cow-lane, he let go of my arm - I felt my pocket, and could not feel my money- I said, "Dick I have lost a sovereign - there are two sovereigns gone between you, since seven o'clock; I have been with nobody but you" - when we got to No. 55, West-street, he asked if a girl who was with us, could sleep there- they said they did not take girls in, but we two were to have a bed; I said, "I have lost two sovereigns since seven o'clock" - Mrs. Jones said, "Are you sure of it? search;"- I took off all my things, searched all my pockets, and while I was so doing, the prisoner was putting his hand into his pocket, to pay for his bed; he pulled out a farthing, and offered it to the woman - he felt again, and pulled out a halfpenny; then said, "Stop a bit - I will be in in a moment"; he returned and gave her 1s. for our bed - we slept together, and next morning I had 2 1/2d., and went over to have a pint of beer; while I was at the public-house, he slipped out, went over to the lodging-house, and accused them of robbing him of 19s. - he came over to me, and said, the woman's daughter said she must see me; I went over, and she said, "Your friend says he has lost 19s." - I said,"How can that be, when he had but 1s. 6d. or 2s. when he came out with me, "and said I would send for an officer, for I knew it was my money, and that he had taken the sovereign from me crossing Smithfield; he then went to run out of the room - we stopped him, and when he saw us determined to have an officer, he went on his knees, and begged my pardon; he confessed before us all that he had taken it, and changed it at Union-court, at his friend's, and said if I would go with him, I should have the change, and that he knew all about the first sovereign, and who had it.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not come over and say I had been robbed of 19s., and that it was your money, which I had taken, because you were rather intoxicated, and had lost one before, and were you not so much in liqour when I first took you out, that I gave you some vinegar? A. That was before we went to the play; I was quite sober when I went to the woman's house.


                  HANNAH 
                  JONES
               



            . These men came to my house, in West-street for a lodging; the prisoner asked for some girl - my husband said he allowed no girls there; they took a bed for themselves - the prisoner pulled out two farthings, and then a halfpenny to pay; he then said he would be back in a few minutes - he returned and paid me 1s.; the prosecutor said he had lost two sovereigns - one of which he had after every one but the prisoner had left; he wanted me to sell him some bread and cheese - the prisoner went out and brought in some beef and beer; they went to bed - my husband fastened the door, so that they could not get out, nor any body get in; in the morning they went over to the public-house - the prisoner returned and said he had been robbed of 19s.; my daughter said how could that be, when there was nobody there but his friend, and said he must fetch his friend and search him - I told him I understood neither of them had any money; he said he had changed a sovereign at the patten shop lower down, and tied it in his handkerchief, and we must have come in and robbed him; the prosecutor said, "How could you have a sovereign, when you had but 1s. 6d.?" my husband was called up; we sent for Pike - he acknowledged that he had changed the prosecutor's sovereign, and took the change to his friends, in Union-court; he fell on his knees, begged pardon, and said he would give up the change, which he had accused us of stealing - he was sober.


                  THOMAS 
                  PIKE
               



            . I took him in charge.
Prisoner's Defence. The sailor has promised my father he would do what he could to get me off, for he did not think me guilty.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I saw his father at Guildhall; he said he wished he had seen me before I saw his son, and he would have told me what sort of a character he was since I had known him, that I might have kept out of his company.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
