





Middlesex Cases, Third Jury,
Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
120. 
               
                  MARY 
                  CUMMINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of October
; 36 yards of ribbon, value 1l. 13s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Shoolbred
               



             and 
               
                  Gregory 
                  Cook
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WYBROW
               



            . I am an apprentice to James Shoolbred and Gregory Cook, who are haberdashers

, and live in Tottenham-court-road


. On the 15th of October, about two o'clock, the prisoner came and bought three yards of ribbon, at 8d. per yard, and while I was shewing her some silk I saw her hand suddenly move from the counter, and put into her pocket - I suspected she had got some ribbon - I went from behind the counter, to tell Mr. Cook of it - he sent my fellow apprentice, Ryan, after her, as she had left the shop - he brought her back in about five minutes, and she was taken up stairs, and in about five minutes I was called up stairs, when she said I had given her these two half-pieces of ribbon to shew to her sister, as patterns, but I had not given her any, and I denied having done so; I saw two half-pieces of ribbon, containing eighteen yards each, in Powell's hands.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you ever seen her there before? A. Yes, five or six times; she had dealt with me, but I had never given her any ribbon as patterns, nor had any of my fellow apprentices.


                  GREGORY 
                  COOK
               



            . I am in partnership with James Shoolbred. On the 15th of October, Wybrow came to me, and said he suspected the prisoner had taken something; she was gone out, and I sent Ryan to bring her back; I took her up stairs, into a private room, and told her I suspected she had got something which did not belong to her - I opened her cloak and she produced these two half-pieces of ribbon - they were then in her hand - I do not know where she got them from - they have my private mark on them; she then said the boy who had served her had given her permission to take them to shew her sister as a sample; I knew it to be false, as it is never allowed; I sent for the lad - he denied it. I sent her to the watch-house.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you no other rolls of the same pattern in your stock? A. No; I had never sold any of this pattern, but others are made of this pattern. The lad is not here who went after her. The prisoner insisted, before the lad, that he had given her ribbon to shew her sister. She came back very readily to the shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . I am the officer. I was at the watch-house when the prisoner was brought down.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WYBROW
               



             re-examined. Q. Had you ribbons of this pattern? A. Yes, I had sold none of them. The prisoner had left the shop about fives minutes when the lad was sent after her.
Prisoner's Defence. The young man entrusted mewith them, and I gave them to the gentleman directly. I came back before I went up stairs.
COURT to MR. COOK. Q. Did she shew them to you before you went up stairs? A. No.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
