








1238. 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  CURRY
               




            , 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  TILEY
               




            , 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     HILL
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  JOHNSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, certain fixtures, to wit; 1 kitchen range, value 7s., and 1 grate, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Daniel 
                        Wooley
                     




                  , then and there fixed to a certain building: against the Statute, &c.
            



                  DANIEL 
                  WOOLEY
               



            . I live in Great George-street, Bethnal-green


. I lost my grate and range - I found the grate, but the range is gone; the grate had been fixed in the room up stairs.


                  HANNAH 
                  CLARKE
               



            . I live next door to the prosecutor's house, which has been empty for some time. About half-past five o'clock in the morning of the 15th of April, I was awoke by a great noise in that house, like the breaking down of the stones of the fire-place - I heard the stove drawn out, and some persons go down stairs very heavy, and put something down in the passage; I looked out of the window, saw Curry open the door and come out, stand on the step, and look in my face; I said, "What do you want there, you thief, you shall not have the stove?" he said nothing, but kept looking at me; I said to my husband, "Father, come and look at him, that thief is looking me in the face:" Curry then left the step, turned, and made a trot round the corner of the Three Sugar Loaves public-house, and went away - I cried Stop thief! my husband went and found nobody in the house; he then pursued - I am sure Curry is the man.
Prisoner CURRY. What she states is very true; I put my foot on the step of the door to tie my shoe; I was not in the house. Witness. I saw him open the door, and come out.
THOMAS CLARKE. I heard the door open, looked out, and saw Curry - I did not see any of the others.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a weaver. I heard a cry of Stop thief! when I was in my own house; I opened the window, saw Curry run by, and Clarke running after him, about one hundred and fifty or two hundred yards from the prosecutor's house; a few minutes after six o'clock I saw Curry come home, and go into his own house; soon afterwards I saw Tiley go into the same house - shortly afterwards I saw Curry, Tiley, and Eliza Hill come out together, and go round the corner; I saw Johnson come out with something covered over with a cloth, and as she brought it along, the cloth flew aside, and I saw it was a flowered range.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLARKE
               



             re-examined. Q.Where did you lose sight of Curry? A. In Fleet-street, about two hundred yards from the door he was first at.


                  MARY 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I live at No. 1, Fleet-street. I was getting up, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I said to my husband, "I think I know the voice;" I went out, and met Mrs. Clarke, who told me a house had been broken open, and a range was gone; I afterwards saw Johnson bringing something out of that house; the cloth fell off, I saw it was a flowered range, a bar, and a trivet; she took it round the corner by the public-house - I saw Hill, Tiley and Curry, come out of the house - they put the range on Tiley's shoulder, and went away.


                  JOHN 
                  ARNOLD
               



            . I am a corn-dealer. On the morning in question these two female witnesses came to my house, and said there had been a robbery; I went to Mr. Glibbery; we went down, waited about the street, and watched the two female prisoners enter a house in George-street, where they lived - in a few minutes they came out, and we stopped them near Spicer-street; on Johnson I found a glazier's diamond, on Hill a crow-bar, a packof cards, and some other things; in a little while we saw Tiley coming up the street to the same house; I received information, and took him to the watch-house - I went again, saw Curry passing, and took him to the watch-house.
JAMES GLIRBERY. I am an officer. I found on Curry a little tinder-box and matches.
HANNAH CLARKE. I had the care of this house; it was a small flowered kitchen range, with a drop bar, and one trivet to it.
CURRY'S Defence. The women know nothing about it.
TILEV'S Defence. I was going to this man's house; the officers came and laid hold of me - I know nothing about it.
HILL'S Defence. I went out to seek for work; not succeeding, I called at this house; I heard Johnson say she was going to sell that range, and she took it out.
JOHNSON'S Defence. I know nothing about it.
HANNAH CLARKE. The stove had been left in the passage, but the range has been carried away.
CURRY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 46.
TILEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
HILL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.







               Transported for Seven Years
            .
