





1731. 
               
                  PHOEBE 
                  ALLEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of July
, 1 cap, value 4d.; 1 collar, value 2s.; 1 veil, value 18d.; 1 gown, value 15s., and two 10l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        Susannah 
                        Hollis
                     




                  , her mistress, in her dwelling-house
            .
SUSANNAH HOLLIS. I am a widow
, and keep a coffee-shop and eating-house
, in Crown-court, Westminster


, in the parish of St. James'. The prisoner was in my employ three weeks and five days; she left me on the 2d of July, without giving me notice; she asked me for 5s. on the Saturday night, and had 9s. before; it was about eight o'clock in the morning when she went, and at five that afternoon I missed my property from the second-floor; her bed-room was on the first-floor; I missed a silk gown, a lace-cap, a lace veil, a tippet, and two bank notes of 10l. each; I have not seen the notes, but the other articles are here.
Cross-examined by Mr. PRENDERGAST. Q. Is not that room open to any one who comes to the house? A. No; only to two young men who have slept in that room the last two years; they slept there the night before these things were lost - they are gentlemen's servants, and go out at seven o'clock in the morning - they are not here now - one is gone to Portsmouth with a family; the room was not locked, but the drawers were - a great many people come to the house; but they do not go to the second floor, they go to the first floor.


                  CHARLES 
                  SAMUEL SMITH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a cap and tippet pawned for 6s., and a veil for 1s. 6d., on Monday, the 3d of July, by a woman (in the name of Phoebe Allen) like the prisoner, but I cannot swear to her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALDER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Lambeth. I have a gown pawned, on the 3d of July, by the prisoner, in the name of Phoebe Allen, No. 10, John-street; I have known her for years.
Cross-examined. Q. Is that address correct? A. No; not where she lived last; I could have directed any person to have found her; I knew her name when she first came to the shop.


                  DANIEL 
                  DORKINS
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I found the prisoner in the Strand on the 11th of July - the prosecutrix pointed her out to me - she, at first, denied the charge, but afterwards admitted it, and told me where she had pawned them.
SUSANNAH HOLLIS re-examined. Q. Did you know what time the two servants went out? A. Yes; at seven o'clock - the drawer was kept locked - I had seen the articles safe at half-past eleven o'clock the night before - I had seen the money safe on the 26th of June, when I took it to pay my rent at the Bank, but the person was not there, and I brought it back - the servants came to breakfast at eight o'clock that morning; they were out all day, and came home at ten o'clock at night; I think it was in August they went into the country - it was the prisoner's duty to to make the bed in that upper room - when I discharged her she went directly out of the house.
Prisoner's Defence. On the Saturday night there was a little boy there, and when I left the prosecutrix she came for me to come back; I said I could not, but I would come the next day; she cannot say she saw the things safe on the night before - she was very much in liquor - I never had the money.

PROSECUTRIX. I never was in liquor in my life.




               GUILTY. Aged 43. Of stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
