





1593. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BYRON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, 33 lbs. of lead, value 5 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Sutton
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be fixed to a building.
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SHACKELL
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Sutton
               



            ; he rents the City Farm-house


. The prisoner was a pauper
 there, and allowed to go on errands. In consequence of the rain coming through the roof, on the 24th of October, I went on the roof the house, the prisoner followed me up of his own accord; I found the lead cut from all round the building - it measured an hundred and thirty-five feet; three quarters of it had been taken away, and the rest rolled up ready for being carried away; the lead which covered the trap-door appeared to have been removed for some time. On returning with the prisoner, I said it was most surprising how it could be cut without his knowing something of it; he said he cut some of it to mend other parts, and that I told him to do it, which was false. About eight o'clock in the evening I went up with a dark lantern, and found some sheet lead folded and laid on the rafters; that was done since I had been there; and in the morning I found the prisoner's basket with a quantity of lead folded up on it.
Prisoner. Q. Was not that place free of access to every body - A. There are two separate parts of the building, and the porter at the gate is ordered to admit no one. It is impossible for any body to get on the roof; a female pauper was found there six months ago, when a ladder had been left there. Three pieces of the lead were in his basket.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  THATCHER
               



            . I am a pauper in the house. On the 24th of October, the rain came in at the roof. I lifted up the window, and called out,
"Bill, what makesthe wet come in?" I did not see him, or have any answer. When I went down to dinner, I said,
"Bill, what have you been at at the top of the house, to make the water come in on us?" He said,
"Hush." A little time after, he came up into the ward; I pointed to where the rain came in, and said,
"How did you make this wet come in?" He said, Mr. Shakell had paid him beforehand for the job, and he went up to finish it.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I am a pauper in the house; I have frequently seen the prisoner on the roof.


                  MARGARET 
                  READ
               



            . I have seen the prisoner come in at the loft door.


                  JOHN 
                  SUTTON
               



            . I am the proprietor of the house - I never ordered the prisoner to cut the lead.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner. He said he was employed to repair the trap-door, and cut the frame to do it.
Prisoner's Defence. Shackell has hired these witness to come forward; he employed me on the roof, and paid me for it; the women have access to it, and two men have been seen there.
PRISONER to THATCHER. Q. Did not Shackell say you was liable to six month's imprisonment for not speaking against me - A. No.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
