







980. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WARD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of April

, 8000 nails, value 8s.; 720 brass rings, value 25s.; 4 saucepans, value 8s.; 1 bread-basket, value 1s. 6d.; 4 flat-irons, value 2s.; 2 spittoons, value 1s. 6d.; 1 shovel, value 2s.; 3 locks, value 2s.; 3 hammers, value 2s.; 1 hatchet, value 1s.; 1 chopper, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of pinchers, value 1s.; 1 tub, value 1s.; 50lbs. weight of glue, value 16s., and 3 bags, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Meacock
                     



                  , 
                     
                        John 
                        Gibbons
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        William 
                        White
                     



                  , his masters
            ; and 
               
                  HARRIET 
                  WATTS
               



             was indicted for, 


               feloniously receiving 8000 nails, value 8s., and 720 brass rings, value 25s., part of the said goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM WHITE. I am in partnership with Robert Meacock and John Gibbons. Ward was our porter
 - he had been so upwards of ten months. In consequence of information I got an officer from Marlborough-street, and went to the stable, where I found Ward; I said "William, I have something serious against you" - he said,"Me, Sir; me, Sir?" I said, "You have been robbing me"- he said, "Yes, of a few tacks." The officer then said,"Do you mean to deny the rings;" he paused a moment, and then said, "A few rings." I then went to a marine-store shop, in Peter-street; we saw a man there; I searched the shop, and found a quantity of glue and some other things, which I believed were mine, but being out of the papers I could not swear to them; I went to Ward's lodgings the same evening, and found this bread-basket, this shovel, a navigator's tool, and four sancepans, which have our marks on them. I never gave them to him.
Cross-examined by Mr. CRESWELL. Q. Do you deal largely in such articles? A. Yes; and most things we sell have our marks upon them. I cannot swear that I had not sold these articles.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Then you found this glue? A. Yes; and this bag that had come with it, but I cannot swear I had not sold it. I have related the whole of the conversation I had with Ward.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 18th of April, between ten and eleven o'clock, I met the prisoner Watts in Poland-street - I did not see her come out of any house; I had some suspicion of her reticule basket, and asked her what she had got in it; she hesitated a moment, and then said some rings, which she had bought of a woman, for 7s.; I then opened the basket, and saw a cloth, tied up with some papers, which seemed to be papers of nails; I said, "Here is something besides rings;" she said"I gave 7s. for them altogether." I then took her to the office; she was committed till that day week - I inquired at different ironmongers; among the rest I went to the prosecutors, where I received information, and left word for Mr. White to come to the office - he came; I we got a search warrant, and went to Watt's residence, in Peter-street; we searched, and found a quantity of glue behind the counter, in two baskets; the prosecutor claimed it, and I brought it away; there were some other articles, which he would not swear to; I then went to the stables in Nag's Head-yard, where I found Ward dressing a horse; Mr. White, who was with me, said to him, "William, I have something serious against you;" he said, "What is that, Sir?" Mr. White said, "Oh! we know all about it - do not you know what your wife sold this morning" - he said,"It was only a few tacks, or nails," nails I think he said - I said, "Do you mean to deny that there were some rings?" he said, "Yes, a few rings too." I then took him into custody. I went to his lodgings in Poland-street, and found these articles - some of which have a mark upon them.
Mr. WHITE. I know these nails by the papers they are tied up in.
Mr. CRESWELL. Q. Can you swear that these are the identical papers they were tied up in? A. Yes - they were tied up and marked on the 18th of April, by a person who had not been in our employ before. The things are worth above 30s.
Mr. PHILLIPS to THOMAS CLEMENTS. Q. You say this woman said she bought them of a woman? A. Yes; she might have carried away other things; it was in broad day. I told Ward his wife had sold them, because Watts said she bought them of a woman. I did not see Watts at their lodgings, but in the same street. I found nothing at Watts' house which the prosecutor could swear to.


                  CAROLINE 
                  WEEBLE
               



            . My husband is a publican - we live at No. 40, Poland-street, at the Pantheon coffee-house - Ward has lodged with me twelve months - he is married, and his wife lived with him; I have seen Watts several times - she came on the 11th of March, to see Mrs. Ward, who was then confined; she had been sent for on that account; I saw her with a reticule basket in her hand.
Mr. CRESWELL to THOMAS CLEMENTS. Q. Have you been to any solicitor on this business? A. No; I drew the brief myself.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. And did you receive any payment for it? A. No - I did it for nothing. The prosecutor's is a respectable firm. I was requested last night to do it.
Mr. BARRY to Mr. WHITE. Q. Have you promised him any thing for doing it? A. No.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. How came he to do it? A. It was too late last night to get an attorney, and he said he would draw up a short brief; I wanted to employ counsel, and he said "We must get up a short brief," or I did - I cannot say which. I rather think I asked Mr. Plank to do it, and he said it was in very good hands. I did not give him any instructions - he had attended at the office. I suppose I am to pay him as an officer - he gave me the brief to look over, and then I put it into my pocket. I brought it to you this morning, and you said you were engaged in the case.
WARD'S Defence. I know nothing about it.
WARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
WATTS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
