





1239. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HAMMOND
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, a snuff-box, value 15 l., the goods of Sir


                        George 
                        Beaumont
                     




                  , Bart.
, from his person
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  HENRY 
                  HANDS
               



            . I am in the service of Sir George Beaumont. On Sunday morning, the 17th of July, my master gave me information; I saw the prisoner near us; he was running very fast; I followed him, and before I came up with him he had run round some carriages, and had been stopped; he was then speaking to another man; I collared him, and said, I believed he had something that did not belong to him. I am certain he said he had not. I said I believed he had, and, after some little hesitation, he put his hand into his pocket and pulled out this box, and gave it to me.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Were there more carriagesthan one there? A. There was only one which he ran round. When I came up to him he was speaking to another man, and, I believe, he was about to give the box to him. He hesitated at first, but, upon my repeating the question, he gave up the box, and after some little resistance he accompanied me to Sir George Beaumont. He said at first, that after having given up the box he ought to be allowed to go. The person he was speaking to went away.
SIR GEORGE BEAUMONT. This is my box. I missed it, as my servant has stated, from my right-hand coat pocket.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Had you been to church. A. Yes. I had used the box but the minute before. The prisoner was brought back to me, and went to my house. He might tell me that he had picked it up and presented it to some person as an owner, but I do not recollect it.
COURT. Q. Were there some persons pressing on you? A. Yes; my arms were pinioned to my side. As soon as they were gone I missed my snuff-box. I cannot swear that the prisoner was one of the persons; but I pointed with my hand to a person who was running, for my servant to follow.
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing up St. George-street, and at the corner of Maddox-street I saw the snuffbox laying; I took it up, and followed a person who I supposed had dropped it; the servant came up and said, "Have you not something that does not belong to you?" I said, in the hurry of the moment, "No;" but when he repeated the question I offered it to him. I afterwards advertised for the person who saw me pick it up, and he is here.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY SMITH
               



            . I am a wax-chandler. I live in Clerkenwell. On Sunday, the 17th of July, I was passing St. George's, Hanover-square


. I saw a young man pick up what I believe was a snuff-box. I cannot be positive to the person of the prisoner, but I believe it was him. There was a carriage passing at the time. I did not notice what the person did with it. I was going to Earl Carter's. I have no acquaintance with the prisoner; but I attended in consequence of an advertisement.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Will you swear that the prisoner is the person you saw pick up the snuff-box? A. I cannot say positively that he is, but he is like him in size and appearance - I did not observe what sort of box it was, but I think it was like the one produced - I did not see the person run, nor hear him speak a word - I did not see the pursuit of any person - nor Sir George Beaumont and his lady - I was not the person to whom the box was offered.
SIR GEORGE BEAUMONT re-examined. Q. Are you quite sure the box could not have come out of your pocket without being taken? A. No; I think it was impossible, and the passing of the persons was so regular that it could not have been jostled out but by those persons who pressed me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
