





1005. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NEWLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of April
, 2 pairs of stockings, value 3s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William Stephen 
                     Dew
                  




               
             and another.


                  EDWARD 
                  INSKIP
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Phipps, of Newgate-street. On the 8th of April, about eight o'clock in the evening. I was in Mr. Dunnett's shop, at the corner of Paternoster-row


, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I ran out, and saw the prisoner in the custody of a gentleman, charged with stealing two pairs of stockings from Mr. Dew's shop, two doors from Foster-lane; he said nothing, but tried to escape, but could not - he was taken into a shop; he put his right hand under his waistcoat, pulled down the stockings, and dropped them between his legs; I saw that, and took them up - I saw them delivered to the officer; I went into the shop, and he was given in charge.


                  THOMAS 
                  PEAKE
               



            . I am a patrol. I found the prisoner in Mr. Dew's shop, charged with stealing two pairs of stockings, which laid on the counter; I took them in charge - he at first denied it, but afterwards said he took them from want, and he did not know what induced him to do it.


                  HORATIO 
                  MACKLIN
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Dew. I was in the shop, and the prisoner was brought in; I had seen the stockings hanging on a bar inside the door almost immediately before.
Prisoner's Defence I saw them just by the step of the door; a gentleman said, "Take them into the shop," but being in want I ran away with them, not having had any bread all day.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
