






Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hullock
               



            .
66. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DODD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of September
, a feather bed, value 2 l.; four sheets, value 5 s.; and a gown, value 1 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Mills
                        




                     
                  , in her dwelling-house
            .


                  MARY 
                  MILLS
               



            . I live in Dean's-court, New Round-court, Strand


. On the 13th of September, I lost this property, and several other things, out of two boxes in the back parlour, which is used as a bed-room; the door was broken open; they were safe the night before Watkins slept there: the staple of the padlock was drawn. I went to Bow-street, and upon returning, Watkins had come home and gave me a hat, which I took to the Marquis of Granby, public-house, in Chandos-street, and sent a man in with the hat. The prisoner, Brown, came out with a paper cap on; I told him I wanted him; he immediately ran out, and went a back way right through the house; I followed, but he outran me. I got a search-warrant, and went with Stevens to Dodd's room, and found a pair of sheets.


                  JOHN 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I am a milkman, and sleep in this room. On the night of the 12th of September I went out about half-past six o'clock, padlocked the door, and put the key in the usual place for Mrs. Mills. I returned about nine, and found the bed gone, two boxes broken open, and the sheets and a tin can gone. I found a man's hat on the head of the bedstead, and gave it to Mills.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a patrol. On the 13th of September I went with a search warrant, and accompanied Mrs. Mills to No. 14 Vine-street, Lincoln's Inn, in consequence of information, and was directed to the front attic, and on the landing, near the door, I found a bed and one pair of sheets, and in the room another pair of sheets laying loose, not on the bed; Mills claimed them. On the 26th of October I apprehended Dodd in the same room; two women were with him; he sat by the fire holding the frying-pan. I spoke to the women, he immediately held his head down. I could not see his face for ten minutes, and as he would not turn it towards me, I touched him and said, "Dodd, I am come for you, I suppose you know what it is for," he said, "Yes; I intended giving myself up in a few days," and that he knew nothing of the robbery. I have the hat, bed, and sheets.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I am an officer. Stevens shewed this hat to me. I know it to belong to Brown. I have seen it on his head several times at the Marquis of Granby; I am certain it is his by a round patch on it. I apprehended him on the 24th of October leaning against a post at the corner of the Seven-dials; I said "Jack, where have you been all this time;" he made some mumbling answer; I collared him, and found seven keys, a crow-bar, and knife in his pocket, and a bag in his hat; one is a padlock key, the others are common ones, but the ward of one is forced off.
Prisoner BROWN. Q. Where have you seen me before- A. In company with thieves at that house frequently before the robbery, but not since.
BROWN'S Defence. On the morning of the robbery I was in the Marquis of Granby, a man brought a hat in, and asked if any one owned it. I came out soon after and met Mills at the door; she said something about the hat, I walked away, but did not run. I returned in half an hour, went to my lodging and got my hat.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  QUIN
               



            . I rent the house where this property was found; a woman named 
               
                  Catharine 
                  Baker
               



            , whom Dodd cohabited with, was in custody about it; she has rented the room for two years, and is an unfortunate girl. Dodd was in the habit of coming to see her; no one but her lodged there; they used to fight at times, and then he would keep away for two or three months.
Q. Did you tell the officer that Dodd's lodging was up stairs in the house - A. I said he lived up in the garret with a woman.
STEVENS. I asked Quin which was Dodd's room, he directed us to the attic.
BROWN - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
DODD - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
