






1336. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     RITSON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SCOTT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of August
, two silver spoons, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Hillier
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  HILLIER
               



            . I live in Cummins'-street, Pentonville


; Collier-street turns out of Cummins'-street; I never sold or disposed of these spoons.


                  ANN 
                  SMART
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Hillier; I remember four table spoons which he had in common use, one pair marked P. L., the other pair plain; we missed one of each pair about the 14th of August, and found them on the 28th of August at Hatton-garden; they were kept in the kitchen; the area gate was open on the day they were missed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am a constable of Pentonville. I saw the prisoners on Saturday the 14th of August, about half past two o'clock in the afternoon, coming up Collyer-street together, they turned into Rodney-street; I was induced to watch them, having frequently seen them about the place. I saw Scott draw this spoon from his bosom; I went up to them, and Ritson said
"Here is somebody coming;" I seized Scott and pulled him across the road, and then seized Ritson, they struggled, but could not get away. I found the marked spoon in Scott's hat, the other was dropped in the scuffle, and was brought to me as I was going to Hatton-garden. They had been together, and Scott seemed to be giving the spoon to Ritson, but seeing me, Ritson went across the road.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SCOTT's Defence. I was going along, and saw a bundle of wood and a spoon.
RITSON's Defence. I turned into Collier-street, and the officer collared this boy, I stopped to look, and he plunged upon me, and said,
"You are one."
JURY to REYNOLDS. Q. When Scott held the spoon to the other prisoner, did he offer to take it - A. No, he saw me so close that he did not offer to take it.
RITSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
SCOTT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
