





396. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     AUSTIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December
, forty cravats, value 4 l.; seven handkerchiefs, value 7 s.; and two sheets, value 20 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Finding
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  MARY 
                  FINDING
               



            . I am a laundress
, and live in Huntingdon-place, Hoxton


. On the 23d of December I put this linen in a pan in my wash-house, and about a quarter past four I left the wash-house, returned about half-past five, and missed them. I found three of the cravats on the 23d.


                  CHARLES 
                  MEARS
               



             I am servant to a gardener, and live in Grove-street, Hackney. On Christmas-day I was crossing the fields, and the prisoner called after me; he had two white handkerchiefs, and asked me to buy them for 8 d.; they were wet, and he took them to my mother, who said if I did not take them back she would throw them on the fire. I went back to him in the field and asked for my money back. I knocked his hat off, and out fell another. I picked them up, and went to his mother and gave them to her, and said her son wanted to transport me.


                  CHARLES 
                  HARROW
               



            . On Christmas-day, about dusk, Mears came running up and said he had bought two handkerchiefs of the prisoner, who is my son-in-law; he gave my wife three handkerchiefs. I gave them to Goodluck.


                  GEORGE 
                  GOODLUCK
               



            . I received them from Harrow.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the fields, and 
               
                  Bill 
                  White
               



            , a black fellow, came up and said,
"Mind these for me." I said,
"Where did you get them?" He said he bought them. I put them into my hat, and presently he came up and said,
"Sell them to Mears." I saw Mears, and sold them to him, and gave White the money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
