





353. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     REDFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of January
, 1 sovereign
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Derling
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  DERLING
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Derling
               



            -he is in the 12th Lancers
. I came to town from Isleworth to purchase some articles, on the 7th of January; I went into a public-house - the prisoner was in the taproom; the woman there said he was in great distress, and he would carry my basket for a few halfpence; I said I would give him 6d. to take it - he went with me to the White Horse cellar


, and as we were going along, he said many a one would have run away with the basket, but he would not: when we got to the White Horse cellar I said "Will you take this sovereign and get change, as I have the baby in my arms, and the basket;" he cut away in a minute with it - I sat down and cried; the people said I was a very simple woman: I went home, and came to town again on the Friday, and thought I would catch him in the evening - I went to the public-house, and said"Can you tell me where that lad lodges who took my basket to the White Horse cellar?" the prisoner was in the tap-room, and he ran out - the master of the public-house ran after him and brought him back; I caught him, kept hold of him by the collar, and would not let him go till I got to Bow-street.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PINE
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner at the office: the prosecutrix brought him there - he seemed to be struggling.
Prisoner's Defence. This woman came and asked me to carry her basket, and when we came to the Black Bear public-house, she went and called for a quartern of gin and cloves; she gave me 6d. and I left her - she had several half-crowns, some shillings and coppers in her hands; she said "I am not like some people, I have got plenty of money:" she was in liquor - she came on the Friday and took me, and swore I had the sovereign.


                  SARAH 
                  DERLING
               



            . It was a sovereign I gave him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
