





56. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CHESTER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of November
, 1 clock, value 1l.; 4 brass wheels, value 4s.; 6 clock movements, value 6s., and 1 dial plate, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Taylor
               




            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  ARKETT
               



            . I am a baker, and live in Paradise-row - Mr. Taylor lives about five minutes walk from me. On the 4th of November, about twenty minutes before one o'clock, I was with my barrow at the corner of Queen's-row, which is about half a mile from Taylor's, I saw the prisoner with this clock - there were two other persons on the other side of the way, who seemed to be in company with him, and I saw one of them make a sign to him to go down a turning, which he did; I followed, and asked him where he got the clock; he said a man had given it to him, and I might have it if I liked; he then got away, and ran very fast; I cried Stop thief! and he was taken before he got out of my sight. I am quite certain of his person.


                  PERCEVAL 
                  HEADLEY
               



            . I am a carpenter. I saw Arkett with his barrow - he said three suspicious characters had gone past with a clock; I went with him in pursuit - he came up with the prisoner first, and asked how he got the clock; he said it was given to him - he threw it down and Arkett caught it; I pursued and took him in the King's-road.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BLEADEN
               



            . I am a pastry-cook, and live at Chelsea. Mr. Taylor is a neighbour of mine; he had left a clock with me, which I saw safe on the morning of the 4th of November; I did not miss it till it was brought back to my shop; I said I could not swear to it, but I believed it to be the one I had in the house - the prisoner was quite a stranger.


                  JOHN 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I live in George-place, Chelsea. I left this clock with Bleaden.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. As I was walking up Chelsea a clock-maker, with three clocks on his arm, gave me a clock, and a bag of nails, to carry to Pimlico, and said he would give me 1s. to take it; the baker stopped me and asked where I got it; I told him, and he took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
