





1026. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  STEWART
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of April
, a breast pin, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        William Thomas 
                        Oliver
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM THOMAS OLIVER. I live at Stratford, and am a tanner
. On the 21st of April I went to Covent-garden Theatre


, with two ladies; Mr. M'Donald spoke to me, and said I was robbed - I then missed my pin out of my handkerchief; I saw it again in the possession of a womanabout a quarter of an hour afterwards; I had not seen the prisoner before.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. In what part of the pit was you? A. I believe it is what is called the King's side; there was a great rush of persons to get it: I had got down among the seats, and my friends had sat down at the edge of the seats; this was before seven o'clock: there were persons in the pit about me, and persons in the boxes near me; I do not know when I had seen the pin.


                  ANN 
                  CHISWICK
               



            . I was in the pit of Covent-garden theatre - I picked up a pin after the prisoner was taken out; I saw him taken down the steps out at the door, but did not see him taken in the pit. I do not know whether he had been near the spot where I found the pin; I pointed out to the officer where I found it - it was close to the spot where the ladies were sitting who had come with the prosecutor; he was sitting with them, just at the end of the seats.


                  JOHN 
                  M'DONALD
               



            . I am an extra constable. I was in the pit of Covent-garden Theatre on the 21st of April, and saw the prisoner on the Princes' side, and then on the King's side, near to where Mr. Oliver was placing two ladies in their seats; the prisoner ran up right against him, and deliberately put his hand up to the pin, and drew it out; I instantly seized him by the collar, and called to the prosecutor that his pin was gone - at the same time I saw the prisoner throw it down in the passage; a party of young men came up, and said I should let him go, as he was a gentleman. I was beat about, and severely wounded, but I kept him in custody, and called Murder! Chiswick pointed out the place where she found the pin, it is where I saw him throw it down.
Cross-examined. Q. Did the pin roll? A. Yes, down to the left. There were persons in the boxes over head, and persons trying to get seats all round the pit.
Q. Is there besides yourself a single person who will say they saw this person deliberately take the pin out of the prosecutor's breast? A. I thought myself sufficient; they were both standing up: the ladies were sitting by his side.
JURY to MR. OLIVER. Q. Who were the ladies that were with you? A. The wife and daughter of a tradesman at Stratford. I can swear to the prisoner being one of the persons about me.
Prisoner's Defence I have not been in town above three weeks. I was in the pit, but know nothing of the robbery.
JURY to MR. OLIVER. Q. Did you see the officer being beat by the party? A. I heard some noise, but did not see him beat; he said he had been ill-used, and his side was hurt.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
