





348. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  TURPIN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of January
, a handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of a 
                     certain man, unknown


                  , from his person
            .


                  MICHAEL 
                  DOYLE
               



            . I have been a watchman of St. James, Westminster, for more than three years. On Tuesday, the 3d of January, about a quarter past twelve o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner and another person between the Albany


 and the Arcade


, following two gentlemen - the other person was close to them, and took something from one of them, which he gave to the prisoner, who put it into his hat; he then followed up close, and took something from the other gentleman. I had no assistance - I wanted to get them boht together, but they kept about six yards off; they then passed me, and set off running; I pursued, and took the prisoner, and took this handkerchief from his neck, which I gave to the officer of the night. His companion got away; there were many persons about - it was just the time that people come from the Theatres. If I had called to the gentlemen who lost their property I should not have secured the prisoner.
Prisoner. As I passed the witness he was laying on the step of a door - he saw me tie this handkerchief round my neck, and came and took me. Witness. I was waiting against the iron rails to get them both together.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner in charge from Doyle - he said the young man who was with him had lent him the handkerchief to tie round his neck, as it was cold, and afterwards he said he bought it of him, for 1s. 6d.
Prisoner's Defence. The handkerchief is my own - I bought it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
