





244. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  LOVEDAY
               




             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, a watch, value 25 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Martha 
                  Oakham
               




            , spinster
.
MARTHA OAKHAM. I live in Yeoman's-row, Brompton. On the 14th of November, the prisoner came to my mother's house, between ten and eleven o'clock at night; we enquired who was there - a neighbour said,
"Here is a person who wants to see you" - I got out of bed, and opened the door, and the prisoner came in, and said to my mother,
"Mrs. Oakham, have you not got a son in the army" - she said Yes: he said,
"Do you think you should know him" - she said,
"He has been gone eleven years, and I don't think I should know him;" he then said,
"What have you done with your milk-walk, and your cows?" - my mother replied," I never had any cows, I hired them, and my milk-walk I had failed with, before my son went away" - he said,
"Do you think you should know your son" - she said
"No; I don't think I should" - he said,
"If he was to come home from abroad, how is he to get back again?" my mother said,
"I don't know, What would it cost?" he said 5 l. - my mother said,
"I have not got 5 l., nor 5 s., nor anything for myself" - he replied,
"Your son is now in England" - my mother said,
"Pray do tell me where, Sir" - he said,
"You can't get to him to night" - she said again,
"Pray do tell me where my son is" - he said something about her not knowing her own flesh and blood; my mother said to me, as I sat in the bed,
"Surely, Martha, this is not your brother" - I replied,
"Mother, I can't see any likeness between him and me, or any of the family" - he said
"Yes; I am your brother; and mother, it is strange you don't know your own son." (I don't know anything of Mrs. Carley) My mother then asked him to sit down, and asked him, if he would have anything to eat, such as shehad got in the house - he sat down, and sent my mother for a pot of porter - while she was gone, he came to my bed-side, and my watch was lying on the chair - he took it up, and said,
"Whose watch is this?" - I replied,
"It is mine" - he said,
"Where did you get it?" - I said,
"I bought it, when I was in service" - he said,
"I shall have this watch for one of my little boy's" - I replied,
"No. Tom, I can't spare it" - he replied,
"What, not give it to your brother, who has been gone so many years; for a keep-sake?" - I said,
"No, Tom, I can't spare it" - he replied,
"I will bring you a cuckoo clock for it" - I said,
"No, Tom, the clock is of no use, if I go away to service, I can't carry the clock, the watch I can take any where" - he then took the ribbon and the seal off, and gave them to me, and said he should take the watch - I said,
"Tom, I will not part with it." My mother then came, and gave him some refreshment - he stopped there all night, and went away between seven and eight o'clock, the next morning - after we had given him a breakfast, I said to him, while he was getting up,
"Tom, give me my watch, and I will give you a gold pin for it" - he said a gold pin was not worth a d - n to a soldier; he then went away, and said he should come down to tea, at five o'clock, but never came to us again - he took the watch away with him - my brother belonged to the 83d Regiment of foot, which was gone to Ceylon.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you not all breakfast together, next morning? A. Yes; my brother and sister-in-law went with him to a public-house, and had something at his expense - I expected he would return with the watch; we had some gin and peppermint; my brother went with him, as far as Hyde-park-corner - I should not have let him taken the watch if I had not believed him to be my brother; he had a handsome watch of his own.
Prisoner. Did I at any time in the course of the night, or in the morning, tell you, I was not your brother?
Witness. No, you did not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
