







515. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     BILLETT
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COOPER
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BRIGGS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of January
, 36 yards of carpet, value 25s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Fawcett
               




             and another.


                  RICHARD 
                  FAWCETT
               



            . I have one partner - we keep a carpet warehouse
 in Bishopsgate-street


. On the 1st of January I was absent, when the carpet was taken; I saw it at the Mansion-house next day-there were thirty-six yards, which are worth 25s.
JOSEPH FRVER. I am a Bow-street patrol. On the 1st of January I saw all the three prisoners together, and watched them; I first saw half an hour- I saw them standing against Mr. Fawcett's window for about twenty minutes; Briggs got on Cooper's shoulder. and they all three came together from the end of the window to the door - Briggs then pulled this carpet down off a high shelf in the shop; he could not have reached it unless he had been on the other's shoulder - Billett stood against the door at the time, and had been in their company all the time; Priggs pulled the carpet down - Billett caught it in his arms, and ran across the road with it; I secured him with it in his possession: he threw it down, and tried to get away; the other two ran up Bishopsgate-street, in different direction - I knew them before: I saw them in Shoreditch about half an hour after; they had then changed their coats; it happened at half-past four o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTSON
               



            . I am a constable of Shoreditch. I saw the three prisoners in company, about four o'clock, within two hundred yards of the prosecutor's shop; in about half an hour I received information from Fryer, that he wanted Cooper and Briggs, and we apprehended them - I said, "Why, Cooper, you have got Briggs' coat on, and Briggs has got your jacket on;" he denied it at first, but at the watch-house they again shifted their clothes.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BILLETT'S Defence. I had been over the water, and as I returned I saw two lads at this door knock the carpet down - I took it up, and walked over the road.
BRIGGS' Defence. I was not with these lads; I had not seen them for an hour and a half before.
BILLETT-

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
COOPER-

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
BRIGGS-

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
