






2201. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  NORTON
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of October
, 2 bed-posts, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Thumbleby
               




            .
JOSEPH THUMBLEBY. I am a carver
, and live in Long-alley, Shoreditch. On the 4th of October, between five and six o'clock, I sent William Last with two bed-posts, to Mr. Cooper, to Flower and Dean-street; he returned in a short time, and said a man had taken them from him - I afterwards saw Norris and Couch, who came and asked me if I had lost any thing; they said they had got them, and should have the men before morning, as they knew them - Norris produced them at Worship-street; they are old ones, fresh done again.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAST
               



            . I am twelve years old. I was sent with these posts - when I got to Bishopsgate-street


, Norton took them from me - I did not know him before; he said I had no occasion to go any further - I then went back to master - I had not then seen Smith.
Prisoner NORTON. Q. Did not you come to me, and say, "These bed-posts are for you?" A. No, nor any thing to that effect.
COURT. Q. Did you think he was the person who was to have them? A. Yes - I thought so, because he tookthem: but not before he took them - I did not know Mr. Cooper.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CAUNCH
               



            . I am a shoe-maker, and live in Bethnal-green. On the 4th of October, about ten minutes past six o'clock in the evening - I saw Smith in Artillery-lane, with these posts on his shoulder - Norton was walking behind him, and knowing Norton, I watched them down into Petticoat-lane, and saw them offer them for sale; they could get no purchaser, and left them at a public-house- I went to Lambeth-street; two officers came and took them away - I saw Smith next morning, in Norton-folgate, and secured him.
Prisoner NORTON. Q. Did you ever say you would proceed no further, if you got 1l.? A. No.
Q. Here is your mark, which says you have received 10s. 6d.? A. Yes; from the time I was at the office: his wife has been bothering me - I received 10s. 6d., and have it at home - I did not undertake not to appear, on receiving the rest; the mark on this paper is not mine.
COURT. Q. It says, "Mr. Briggs received 10s. 6d." - Did you make your mark to this? A. No - I never saw that paper before; ever since I was at the office, she has been after me - I would not tell her where I lived; she offered me several sums, if I would throw out the bill - I said I would not do any such thing, and the prosecutor, to get rid of her, told her where my sister lived - I took it from her, to get rid of her bother; she said if I would take 3l. she would get it me.
Q. Why did you take it? A. She put it into my hand.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WELDING
               



            . I keep a wine-vaults, in Petticoat-lane. On the 4th of October the prisoners came to my bar, sat down, and called for two glasses of gin; they had some bed-posts, and asked me to put them into the bar for them, which I did; after they were gone two officers came, and I gave them up to them.


                  ROBERT 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am an officer. I received these posts from Welding - I apprehended Norton in Shoreditch next morning.


                  JOHN 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I went with Davis.
NORTON's Defence. I was going along - the lad came up, and said, "These are for you - I was going to take them to you" - I took them, and Smith, who was with me, said, "We will leave them safe, till we can find the owner for them;" we went to Belcher, a carver, and inquired of him; he said he did not know the owner, but would make inquiry - I told the officer they were at the public-house.


                  ROBERT 
                  DAVIS
               



            . He did not say so, till I had told him I had found them there.


                  JOSEPH 
                  POOL CONNER
               



            . I sell fish, and live at No. 8, Angel-alley, Bishopsgate-street. I know both the prisoners by sight - I saw Smith the evening before he was apprehended; he was much intoxicated; my little boy made some remarks about it - I said it was a concern which did not trouble me; this was between seven and eight o'clock- I saw 10s. 6d. paid to Caunch by Smith's wife; she put her hand to me, as I was in the public-house, having a pint of beer, and said, "I will be obliged to you, to see this - this young man agrees not to appear, if he has 10s. 6d." - she asked if 10s. would do he said No, he would have half a guinea - I made my mark on that paper, and he made his.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CAUNCH
               



            . On my oath, that is not my mark - this man was so drunk, he could not stand - I was pulled into the public-house by his wife.
NORTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SMITH - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
