





914. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     POTTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of May
, three yards of linen, value 3 s.; two towels, value 8 s.; three pair of stockings, value 4 s.; one sheet, value 10 s.; one bolster-case, value 3 s.; four shirts, value 6 s.; one handkerchiefs, value 3 s.; one cap, value 1 s., and one knife, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Christopher 
                     Bicknell
                  




               
            .


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  BICKNELL
               



            . I am an agent
, and live in Air-street, Piccadilly


. On Wednesday the 22d of May the prisoner came into my service, and on the Friday following as she was going out for some ham I stopped her in the passage with a bundle, and asked her what was in it - she said none of my property, and forced herself out at the door. I followed, and stopped her at the corner with it; I found it contained a new sheet. She said she did not know where she was going with it. A pair of stockings fell from the bundle. I found other property in pawn.


                  RICHARD 
                  MUGGERIDGE
               



            . I am a beadle. I saw the prosecutrix pursuing the prisoner; he took the bundle from her, it contained the articles stated in the indictment - she said she did not know how she came to take them, but if her master had not stopped her, she dare say she should have brought them back. I saw one of her stockings pulled off, and in that was a cap and some duplicates.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am a constable. I was fetched, and found three duplicates on her for a handkerchief, a pair of stockings, and three shirts. I asked her about some linen, which was missing; she said she hoped G - d might strike her dead if she knew anything about it, but that it might have fallen from behind the drawers. I found part of it behind the drawers, and the rest of it was found on her.


                  JOHN 
                  HENRY
               



            . I am a groom. I saw a female search the prisoner, and the linen found round her stays.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I took it to enable me to follow my relations to France.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
