







1315. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WILLOUGHBY
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HEDGES
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BROWN
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Hughes
                        



                     
                  , about twelve o'clock at night, of the 26th of August
, with intent to steal, and stealing one watch, value 40 s.; one seal, value 20 s.; one tobacco box, value 4 l.; one snuff box, value 1 l.; one spectacle case, value 1 l.; one eye glass, value 10 s.; two knives, value 6 s.; two pencil cases, value 17 s.; two tea spoons, value 12 s.; one caddie ladle, value 2 s.; seven shirts, value 30 s., and twenty-six handkerchiefs, value 4 l., his property; and one half-crown; two shillings, and twelve penny pieces
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Susan 
                     Angel
                  



               
            , spinster
.
SUSAN ANGEL. I am single, and servant
 to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hughes
               



            , who lives in Green-street, Grosvenor-square


. On the 26th of August, I went to bed at ten o'clock, and saw all the doors and windows fastened and bolted. I got up at seven o'clock in the morning - I had heard no noise in the night. I found every drawer in the parlour broken open - I went and told my mistress; I then went down to the kitchen, and found the lock of the area door broken off - it was double locked at night. There is no area gate; they must have got down by the cistern - some of the flowers were knocked off the window. I found the pannel cut out of the kitchen door, which I had barred and bolted. There was a hole large enough to let a person through - they had taken a door, which goes from the kitchen to the stairs, (and was plated with iron, and fastened with three bolts) off its hinges, and laid it down. They then had free access to the parlour. The articles stated in the indictment were stolen. I lost a half-crown, two shillings, and twelve pence from the kitchen drawer. I saw a shirt at Queen-square on the 5th of September, which I knew to be my master's.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Is your master here - A. No; he is blind.
Miss 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  ELLIOTT
               



            . I am niece to Mr. Hughes, and live with him; I went to bed about ten o'clock, and at seven was informed the house was broken open. I missed the articles stated in the indictment; I believe my uncle's name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lowe Hughes
               



            , but cannot be certain, as I have heard it disputed. The shirts were in the wardrobe in the front parlour; the lock of which was broken open.


                  JOHN 
                  KIDD
               



            . I am watchman of Brewer's Green, Westminster, close by the Penitentiary. On the 26th of August, between half past eleven o'clock and half past twelve at night, I saw Hedges in company with three more men, whom I cannot speak to; they each had large sacks in their hands and were going towards Buckingham-gate; I followed them to the end of my beat, and told the next watchman.
Cross-examined. Q. They might be going out of town, as well as going in - A. Yes; my beat is above a mile from Grosvenor-square.


                  THOMAS 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . I am watchman of Park-lane, near Green-Street. On the day of the robbery I had just called four o'clock, (the prosecutor's house is on my beat) I sat down on a step at the corner of Wood's Mews, turned round and saw four men coming down Park-lane, as from Green Street, Hedges and Brown were two of them. I cannot speak to the others, they had no bundles; Hedges asked me the hour; I told him, and he mumbled something; they were all in company; I watched them through Grosvenor-gate into Hyde Park, and on the following Monday I saw Hedges in custody.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him speak to the others - A. They were altogether on the road till they came opposite me, and then he was rather before; he did not avoid me.


                  JOHN 
                  DONALDSON
               



            . I am watchman of Vauxhall-road. On the 27th of August, just I had called five o'clock in the morning, I saw four men, of whom Hedges was one; they came in a direction from Grosvenor-place; they were half a-mile from Hyde-park turnpike. I watched them into Gardener-place, Vauxhall. Hedges was carrying a bag over his shoulder; I did not stop them; as they went along, the whole four kept putting their hands into their pockets, and handing things to each other.
Cross-examined. Q. Were they on Vauxhall-road, or the other side of the water - A. No; it leads from Grosvenor-place. I could not see what they handed about.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am an officer of Queen-square. On the 27th of August, about eight o'clock in the morning, Pace and I went to Perkins'-rents, near Great Peter-street, Westminster, to a house at the corner of Pump-court, which has but three rooms; we went up stairs and found some people, but found nothing there; as we came out at the street door we met Willoughby apparently coming in; we asked him who lived in the parlour, pointing to it, and asked who kept the house; he pointed to the left for us to go for the landlord. Pace went over the way; I remained at the door and asked if he lived in the parlour; he said,
"I do occasionally, or a girl I cohabit with; I have got the key." He opened the door, I went in with him; I found no bundles there, but on looking under the pillow, I found two shirts, one linen and the other calico; I turned them over slightly, and said,
"Whose are these, I suppose they are some of your wife's chemise,?" he made no answer; but on looking round further, he asked for my search warrant; I said he should be satisfied about that; and as Pace was coming in at the door, I asked him again about the shirts - he said they were two of his own old shirts,and he believed I should find them nearly worn out. I pulled out my handcuffs, he then resisted, and we had a great struggle to secure him; we took him to the watch-house, and on the first of September, Handley and I apprehended Hedges. One shirt is marked T. H., and the other H. D. S. in blue thread.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. He did not resist till you produced your handcuffs - A. No; I found some bird-catching apparatus in the room; I know he is a bird-catcher.


                  THOMAS 
                  PACE
               



            . I am a constable. I went with Cooper; we had a struggle to secure Willoughby; I saw the shirts on the bed; and on the 11th of September, between twelve and one o'clock at night, I and Handly took Brown at a house opposite Willoughby's; both the shirts were quite clean, but appeared to have been unfolded.


                  EDWARD 
                  JOHN HANDLEY
               



            . I and Cooper took Hedge's on the 1st of September about one o'clock at night in Peter-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I keep the One Tun in Perkin's-rents. On the night previous to the morning Willoughby was taken; the three prisoners were at my house in company together, and left about ten o'clock, or a quarter past.
Cross-examined. Q. How many people might there be in your house - A. About twelve; the prisoners sat in the same box with others, and I think they went out together.
(Shirts produced and sworn to.)
WILLOUGHBY's Defence. On the 27th of August about five o'clock in the morning, I was going down Peter-street, and met Hedges and Brown. Hedges asked if he did not leave two shirts at my house; I said, Yes. He cohabits with the woman as well as me; when Cooper came, I opened the door for him immediately.
HEDGES' Defence. Before I was apprehended, Willoughby told the Magistrate he bought the shirts of a Jew for 4 s. 6 d. I never saw him.
BROWN's Defence. I had not seen Willoughby for seven weeks.
WILLOUGHBY - GUILTY. Aged
HEDGES - GUILTY 20.
BROWN - GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               stealing the monies of Susan Angel only
            .






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
