





1379. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     QUIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Miller
                        




                     
                  , her master
, a brooch, value 1 l., and two gold snaps, value 2 l.
            , his property.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Miller
               



            ; we live in Picadilly


, the prisoner was about three weeks in our service. On the 26th of August, Basset shewed me a gold brooch and snaps, which were mine. I had seen them on a drawer in my bed-room the morning before.


                  HANNAH 
                  PENDERGRASS
               



            . I live in St. James's - my husbandis a bricklayer. I saw the prisoner the day before this happened, and told her the family I worked for were going out of town, and asked her if she knew of a day's work for me - I met her within two or three yards of Mr. Harrison's - she gave me this brooch and snaps, and asked me to pawn them for 12 s.; I went in - Basset asked who owned them; I said the woman was outside: we went out, and she was waiting for me.


                  JAMES 
                  BASSET
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Harrison, pawnbroker, Wardour-street. On the 26th of August Pender-grass came to pawn a gold brooch and snaps, for 10 s.; I questioned her, then went out, and found the prisoner at the corner of Edward-street; she said she had sent the woman in, and that they belonged to her. I gave her in charge. They are worth 3 l.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WESTCOAT
               



            . I am an officer. I took her in charge - she said she lived with Mrs. Miller, whose the property was, and that the drawer was not locked.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had a mother to support, and not liking to ask for money so soon I took them, intending to redeem them when I got my wages.
GUILTY. Aged 33.
Of 


               stealing to the value 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
