





453. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GOATE
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of December
, 1 set of harness, value 5l.; 1 bridle, value 1l.; 1 martingale, value 5s.; 1 pair of stirrups, value 4s.; 1 pair of stirrup-leathers, value 2s.; 1 pair of reins, value 4s., and 1 padlock, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Walker
                  




               
            .



                  RICHARD 
                  CANE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Walker
               



            ; he lives in King's-place, Commercial-road


. On the 28th of December I was called up, about three o'clock in the morning, by my master, who said the stable had been broken open; I got a light, and found the lock was taken off the door, and these articles were laying packed up ready to be taken off - I had left them all safe at ten o'clock the night before, and had locked the door - I know them to be my master's.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am a watchman. On the morning of the 28th of December I was going round the beat, between two and three o'clock, I missed the padlock off the gates - I heard a noise inside the stable - I called another watchman, and we pushed against the wicket; but it was fastened inside - he put his stick under and forced it open - I went in and said, "Who is here?" the prisoner answered, "What do you want?" I said, "Who are you?" he said, "I belong here;" I said, "Who do these premises belong to?" he said, "To a butter merchant on the other side of the way;" I then took him to the watch-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . On this morning the prisoner was brought to the watch-house. I found on him a padlock which had been on the stable the night before.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw a man in the gate-way, who asked me to mind the place till he returned, and told me to go in and fasten the door.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
