





268. 
               
                  HUMPHREY 
                  PODD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of December
, 1 sovereign, 2 half-crowns, 5 shillings and 7 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Coleman
               




             his master.
MR. THOMAS COLEMAN. I am a wholesale warehouseman
, and live in Watling-street. The prisoner was about nine months in my employ, as porter and assistant in the warehouse
; he was entrusted to keep the petty cash; on the 31st of December, 1 gave him 1l. 13s. 6d., to pay the general postman's account - I told him I particularly wished to balance my accounts that day, it being the end of the year- I gave him a sovereign, five shillings, two half-crowns, and seven sixpences - I gave him the exact money, that he should have no difficulty in paying it. On the 1st of January I asked if he had paid the postman; he said he had not, but would pay him in the evening, when he came to collect the letters - I asked him on the morning of the 2d,if he had paid it; he said he had - I asked for the account; he said he had examined it, and it was right, but he had mislaid it, and would ask the postman for another - I asked two or three different days for it; he said he had not got it; the letters are copied into a book every morning, when they come; on the 4th, I met the postman myself, in the evening, and asked if the money he had received was correct, and, in consequence of what he said on the day before yesterday, I said to the prisoner, "I don't like your not having this account," and taxed him with it, in consequence of a circumstance which occurred; the postman came in at that time, and said, "I have called for the postage account, Sir" - I immediately turned round to the prisoner, and said, "Why, it is not a moment ago, that you told me that account was paid, is it paid or not?" he said, "Sir, it is not" - I asked for the money; he said he had spent it; his wages were low; his father was anxious I should take him - I said, if he behaved well he should not want for encouragement; he had board and lodging, and 8l. a year, and was to be advanced according to his behaviour - I gave him some clothes; he wanted for nothing; he had received what was due to him.


                  THOMAS 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am a postman; 1l. 13s. 6d. was due to me from Mr. Coleman; the prisoner usually paid the account; he paid me no part of this.
Prisoner. I have only been committed here to-day, and am unable to bring my friends.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
