





697. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of May
, one watch, value 4 l.; one chain, value 2 l.; two seals, value 1 l., and one key, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Tratt
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  TRATT
               



            . I am an upholsterer
, and live in Lower Brook-street. On the 3d of May, about half-past nine o'clock in the evening, I was coming up Berwick-street towards Oxford-street


, the prisoner came up to me and immediately pulled my watch out of my fob quite suddenly, another man was with him; he immediately ran away, and I after him, calling Stop thief! he ran towards Wardour-street, down Edward-street, and was stopped there without my losing sight of him.


                  ROBERT 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house at ten o'clock at night; I searched him, and in his right-hand pocket I found part of the glass of a watch. The watch was given me by Tratt, the chain was gone.


                  JACOB 
                  VALENTINE
               



            . I live at No. 78, Wardour-street. I heard the cry of Stop thief! ran out, saw a mob, and heard them say
"He will drop it!" I stooped and picked up the watch - I put in on my counter, and afterwards delivered it to Tratt. Several of the mob said I had picked up the chain and seals with it, but I did not. There was no glass to it.


                  JOHN 
                  PUCKRIDGE
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live in Wardour-street. I was in my shop, heard the cry of Stop thief! ran out, collared the prisoner opposite Valentine's shop, and brought him back - he was taken to the watch-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HURCUMBE
               



            . I was in Wardour-street, looked in the road, and saw the prisoner running; he was putting the watch, chain and seals into his apron - I saw him doing it; we stopped him, and he dropped the watch from before him, with the chain and seals attached to it - I saw Valentine pick them up. He wound the chain round hisfinger - I saw the seals also. We took the prisoner to the watch-house - Valentine refused to give up the chain and seals.
WILLIAM TOWNSEND. I was in Mr. Buckle's shop in Wardour-street; I saw the prisoner running, pursued him, and saw the watch, chain and seals drop from him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARKHURST
               



            . I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner drop the watch, the chain and seals were attached to it; Valentine picked them up.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Several persons asserted that Valentine had this property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
