






785. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     AUSTIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of March
, 1 basket, value 6d.; 13 shirts, value 8l. 10s.; 14 napkins, value 1l.; 14 pairs of stockings, value 28s.; 24 towels, value 30s.; 4 table-cloths, value 3l.; 8 neckerchiefs, value 16s.; 20 handkerchiefs, value 3l.; 4 shifts, value 20s.; 5 cravats, value 10s.; 3 pairs of drawers, value 9s.; 2 table-covers, value 3s.; 6 petticoats, value 30s.; 3 caps, value 3s.; 1 pillow-case, value 1s.; 9 shirt collars, value 9s.; 1 gownbody, value 2s.; 4 waistcoats, value 10s., and 1 pair of sleeves, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Rebecca 
                     Clark
                  




               
            .


                  REBECCA 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am single, and am a laundress
 -I live in Palmer's-village, near Lady Dacre's alms-houses, Westminster. I gave a basket, with all these things in it, to Austin, to take to Mrs. Clows, Parliament-street, Westminster


 - I have seen the articles since; these are them - I knew him before, but I know nothing of Taylor.


                  JOHN 
                  HORNE
               



            . I was serving some customers with newspapers on the 14th of April, at the bottom of St. Martin's-lane - I saw the two prisoners and another; Taylor was carrying the basket - he walked on one side, and the other two on the other side; I thought they were rather suspicious, and mentioned it to a constable, who went and asked Taylor some questions; the other two ran off towards the Seven-dials.


                  JOHN 
                  SHIELDS
               



            . I am a constable. Horne came to me and said three chaps had gone up the lane with a heavy basket, whether it was plate or not, he did not know - I ran up the lane, and overtook Taylor with the basket across his shoulder; Groom then came up - we took Taylor to the watch-house with this basket of clothes; St. Martin's-lane is a great way beyond where Austin was to take the basket - Taylor said he was going to take it to Marylebone.


                  JOHN 
                  GROOM
               



            . I observed Austin and another lad, between three and four o'clock, carrying a hat - I then looked over the way, and saw Taylor with a basket; Shields had just got hold of him; Taylor said in the watch-house, that Austin had given it to him to carry; we went after Austin, but could not find him - Taylor sent us to a place, but it was not right.


                  DAVID 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I apprehended Austin on the 17th of March, in Westminster; he said he meant to give himself up to me; it was about a quarter before twelve o'clock at night.
TAYLOR's Defence. I went to see my uncle, who was on his death-bed, and on my way home I saw two young men coming up the street with a basket - they asked if I would earn a shilling to carry it to Marylebone.
AUSTIN's Defence. I had the basket to take to Parliament-street; I felt hungry, and gave a boy a penny to get me a loaf; I set down the basket to rest myself, and went to look for the boy, who was gone a long while - I told two young men to look after the basket while I went- I could not find the boy, and when I came back the basket and the young men were gone.
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
AUSTIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
