





597. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     WELSH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of February
, 1 sheet, value 1s.; 1 table-cloth, value 2s.; 1 towel, value 6d.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s.; 1 apron, value 6d; 1 cap, value 6d., and 1 shirt, vlaue 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Jenner 
                           Blandford
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 frock, value 5s.; 1 shawl, value 1s., and 1 handkerchief, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Maria 
                           Westlick
                        



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JENNER BLANDFORD
               



            . I am a licensed victualler
. On the 13th of February, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, my little girl missed these articles; I then looked, and they were gone; on the evening of the 12th, while I was in the bar, the prisoner went up stairs, and I told my servant to ask who he wanted; she asked him if he wanted Mr. Mack, who was a lodger: he said, "I am going to call on Mr. Mack;" he staid some time, and came down, but we did not see that he had any thing with him; the next morning we missed these things, which had been kept in the servant's bed-room, on the second floor.


                  MARIA 
                  WESTLICK
               



            . I am servant
 to the prosecutor. I saw the prisoner going up stairs that evening; I went and asked him if he were going to Mr. Mack; he said Yes- these articles are my master's, and these are mine: they were in my box - the room door had been left open on account of the child being asleep.


                  EDWARD 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I met the prisoner in Tothill-street


, about a quarter before twelve o'clock on the night of the 12th of February, with these things, which he said were his wife's, and he had taken them out of pawn at Maidstone - he said there was a frock and a sheet; I looked at his shoes, and they were very clean - he was not above fifty yards from the prosecutor's; there was another person with him, who said, "Don't go that way - we are touted," that excited my suspicion.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I left my wife and family to go to look for work; my things were taken for rent: I walked some miles, and went into that public-house - the young man, whom the officer saw with me, gave me some bread, cheese, and beer; a girl there said, "Mr. Mack, a tailor, lives up stairs, perhaps you may get a job of him;" I went up, but they were in bed, and I did not stay two minutes - that young man then came out, and gave me another pint or two of beer, and I got a little hearty: he gave me these things to carry, and said, "If any one says any thing to you, say you got them from Maidstone."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 52.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
