





1074. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNSON
               



             was indicted for 


               a misdemeanour
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  SHEAR
               



             I am shopman to Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Shear
               



            , furnishing ironmonger, of Holborn Hill, On the 1st of March the prisoner delivered this order at our shop for three copper tea-kettles, and I delivered them to him, knowing Mr. 
               
                  Asher 
                  Prior
               



             was a customer of Mr. Shears.(Order read.)
1 March, 1828.
Sir, Please to let the bearer have one 4-quart, one 3-quart, and one 5-pint oval copper tea-kettles, for A. Peror.
51, Marchmont-street.
ASHER PRIOR. I did not write this order, nor authorise the prisoner to take any order from me to Mr. Shear; he was in my employ eighteen months ago; he could not read nor write.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOLD
               



            . On Saturday, the 1st of March, I was coming down Beech-street, and saw the prisoner and another young man - I thought they were going to dosomething; I waited and saw the prisoner leave the other at the corner of Beech-street - and in less than five minutes he came back with these kettles in an apron; the other crossed over to him - they went down King's Head-court; I went to them, and asked them what they had got; the other said he had brought them from his master, in Barbican; I said "It is but a little way, let us go there;" we went on; I said, "Where is it?" - he said he did not know, and I detained them; they had been left somewhere, for they had not them in their possession when I first saw them, and he had not time to go to Holborn.
Prisoner's Defence. The other person gave me the order to take, and he is in Clerkenwell to take his trial.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
