





521. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     STAFFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of January
, one coat, value 18 d.; three shirts, value 6 s.; five pair of stockings, value 15 d.; two handkerchiefs, value 9 d.; one razor, value 3 d.; two pair of gloves, value 18 d.; one shaving-box, value 3 d., and one brush, value 3 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cockey
                        



                     
                  ; two handkerchiefs, value 1 s.; one hat, value 1 s., and one pair of trowsers, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Dennett
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  COCKEY
               



            . I am a pensioner in the East India Company's service
. On the 26th of January these things were taken out of a box in the room where I lodge, on the second floor, and put in the cellar - the prisoner slept with me. He was a watchman
 of Marylebone; he came home after twelve o'clock at night. About five in the morning he was hunting for a light to go down into the privy, which is in the cellar; he could not find any, but went down without. Two men awoke in the room, and missed part of their things. I opened my box, and missed my clothes; the other men went down and took him. I found a bundle in the cellar containing all my property.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DENNETT
               



            . I live in the same room. I was going to get up in the morning before day-light, and laid the rasp over my head to strike a light with. The prisoner knocked it down, which awoke me. I got up and asked him the time; he said half-past four; but I heard the watchman go half-past five. He said he got up to call a friend, he got a light, and lit my candle; and while he was gone down stairs I looked into my box and missed my trowsers, and my silk handkerchief, which hung on a nail. I found my hat put on the top of his bed, with Oyler's handkerchief and waistcoat. He came up again - I saw him take them and go down with them. We went and took him on the stairs with them in his hand. He said, if we would let him go he would give me my trowsers, and that they were under the cellar stairs. I found them there with Cockey's things.


                  SAMUEL 
                  OYLER
               



            . I lodge in this room. The prisoner came to the head of the bed to feel for a candle, and knocked the rasp down. I told my partner to look to his box, as we suspected him before. I found my waistcoat and handkerchief on one corner of the bed, and watched to see whether he would take them. He came up and took them - we went down and secured him - he said Dennel's trowsers were below.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEPPARD
               



            . I am a constable. He was brought to the watch-house - I found the razor, shaving-box, gloves, and handkerchief on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of taking the bundle. I took the other things by mistake.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
