






1882. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BROOMLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BROOMLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, 1 necklace, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Sparks
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        George 
                        Sparks
                     



.


                  HARRIET 
                  SPARKS
               



            . I am the wife of William Sparks. On the 20th of October my little girl took out this baby - his name is George; he had a necklace on when he went out - she returned in about an hour, and the child had no necklace; I know nothing of the prisoners, but this is the necklace.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



            . I am a constable. On the 20th of October, about ten o'clock in the morning, I saw James Broomley looking into a window in Goswell-street; he went on - I followed him; the other prisoner then joined him: they went on to Pitfield-street


, and I saw James take the necklace off the child's neck, and give it to Joseph - I crossed the road, and took hold of them both; they dropped the necklace on the ground - a witness came up, and I took the prisoners into a butcher's shop, and then to Worship-street.


                  THOMAS 
                  PETCH
               



            . On the 20th of October I saw the little girl with the child, looking into a grocer's shop - I saw James Broomley take the necklace from the child's neck; I assisted in taking the prisoners: I went with the little girl to her mother's house.


                  James 
                  Broomley
               



            's Defence. We were going up Pitfield-street to wash our feet, and happened to look in a grocer's shop; this Police-man came and took hold of us, and we found these at our feet.
JAMES BROOMLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BROOMLEY
               



             - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
