





1163. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HARLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, 2 reams of paper, value 2l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Bonsor
               




            .


                  HENRY 
                  LAMB
               



            . I am the nephew of Joseph Bonsor, a stationer
, in Salisbury-square


. On the 15th of April I went from the top of the warehouse to the counting-house, about three o'clock in the afternoon; when I returned into the warehouse, I had information from one of our porters; I looked round, and immediately missed a bundle, containing two reams of demy paper - I immediately went out into St. Brides'-passage, and saw the prisoner in the custody of Denny, with the paper in his possession - he gave no account of it; I knew it by the Excise mark - I took him into the warehouse, where he said he had been in bad company, and got intoxicated - he seemed so, but the paper weighed 50 lbs., and he ran away with it.
PETER DENNY. I was formerly in Mr. Bonsor's employ for twenty-one years; I saw the prisoner with a slip of paper in his hand, and looking up as if to find a house; he came round opposite Mr. Bonsor's, then turned his back to the shop, and looked through the shop windows several times - he waited a considerable time, and at last went in, and brought this bundle of paper out in half a minute; I followed him down into St. Bride's passage, and the paper fell off his shoulder - I was picking it up, and the slip of paper fell out of his hand; Mr. Lamb came and laid hold of him.


                  HENRY 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I received him in charge with the paper.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met a man in Thames-street, who asked if he had not seen me before; I said No - he walked by my side, took me into a public-house, and gave me some porter and three or four glasses of spirits; I told him I was out of employ - he said he worked for Mr. Bonsor; that he had been to dinner and forgot this parcel, and that there was nobody in the shop to notice me if I would fetch it; Iwas intoxicated or I should not have fallen into the error.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
