





FOURTH DAY, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 9.
49. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     GREENFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 1st of December
, two shifts, value 4 s.; three napkins, value 1 s., and one apron, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Baldwin
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Baldwin
                        



.


                  ANN 
                  BALDWIN
               



            . I gave the things to my boy to carry to his sister.


                  THOMAS 
                  BALDWIN
               



            . My mother gave me the things in a bundle. The prisoner followed me a little way down Tothill-street


, and when I got up to the corner he took them out of my arm, and then ran away. Mr. Davenport came up - the bundle bursted, and the things fell out. I knew the prisoner before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVENPORT
               



            . I was coming from St. Margaret's Church, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I saw the child crying - he described the thief to me, and said his name was Greenfield. I went to the prisoner's house and left word I wanted him - he did not come. I found him with some others, and collared him; the others were going to rescue him - he had dropped the things.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner called the following witnesses:


                  EDWARD 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I sell fruit about the street, and live in Old Pye-street; the prisoner has been three years in my employ. On the 1st of December, about half-past eleven o'clock, I bought some geese at Newgate-market - he breakfasted with me, and about half-past twelve o'clock he went out with me to sell geese, and was not out of my sight till about half-past seven - I will take my oath of it.


                  CATHERINE 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I sell poultry about the street. The prisoner came home on the 1st of December about half-past five o'clock, and was never out of my place till he went up to bed with his father about half-past seven. I am the wife of the last witness. The prisoner bears a good character.
Q. Are you sure of that - A. Yes. Some gentleman put him in trouble once for a spite; he was imprisoned six months.


                  MARIA 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I live in Pye-street, and take in needlework. I took some work home to Williams's, the prisoner and Mr. Williams came in about a quarter before six o'clock. He is Mrs. Williams's brother-in-law.
Q. You have been in this Court before - A. Never. I knew 
               
                  George 
                  Bird
               



            , who was tried here, he was executed.

Q. On your oath, did you not appear on the trial of Bird, to claim a pair of snuffers, which were proved to belong to the prosecutor - A. No, I was never in this Court in my life.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMORE
               



            . I am an officer. I know the three witnesses - the last came here on Bird's case.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at home at the time, and the next day I was out, the officer took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
