






Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1874. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  EARLE
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WOODMAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of July
, 400lbs. weight of tarpauling, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James Rustat 
                  Trimmer
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  HANCH
               



            . I am in the employ of James Rustat Trimmer, who is a brick-master
, and lives at Isleworth


; there was a large quantity of tarpauling lost on the 23d of July. I saw it safe at nine o'clock on the evening before, when I left work, and the next morning it was gone. I saw it again, and knew it - I know the prisoners, they live at Brentford, but they were not employed on the work there. I never saw them with it.


                  RICHARD 
                  BROWN
               



            . I was in Mr. Trimmer's employ. I went to work on the morning of the 23d of July. I missed the article, and went to Mr. Smith's in Old Brentford, where I saw it.


                  MICHAEL 
                  HALL
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Trimmer. I know this tarpauling to be his property - Smith has shut up his shop, and left Brentford.


                  JESSE 
                  FULLER
               



            . I took up the two prisoners on the Saturday after the robbery; they were together, looking into an oyster shop at Brentford. I told them Smith said he bought this tarpauling of them - they said they found it in a field about a mile from the place - the tarpauling was given up to Mr. Trimmer. Smith is gone away.
WOODMAN's Defence. I went out water-cressing - I found this tarpauling in a field - I took it into the town, and sold it there for 4s.; this young man was with me.
EARLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WOODMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Confined Six Months
            .
