





Fifth Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
244. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  STACK
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        William 
                        Giles
                     




                  , on the King's highway, on the 16th of November
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 10l.; 1 watch-chain, value 3l., and 2 seals, value 2l.
            , his property.
MR. WILLIAM GILES. I am private secretary
 to Mr. Hoare, the banker, of Fleet-street. On the 16th of November, about half-past five o'clock in the evening, I was in Little Queen-street


, going out of Great Queen-street into Holborn; the prisoner met me, and gave me two touches - I cannot call them blows; he then took my watch from me, and ran down Parker-street; I followed crying, "Stop thief! he has got my watch;" we raced for about one hundred and fifty yards, and he was taken by Mr. George - I was about fifteen or sixteen yards behind him then; there was an old box of some kind found on him, but I have never seen the watch since.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you ever say you were not certain whether the prisoner was the person? A. No; I told the Magistrates I could not swear to his visage, as I never saw that till he was taken; but I never lost sight of his person - I did not see him give it to any body.
COURT. Q. What sort of a blow was it? A. It was morely to make me give way, and then there was the snatch at the watch.


                  ROBERT 
                  GEORGE
               



            . I am a coach-builder, and live in Parker-street. I was standing at my door; I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running; I sprang after him, and caught the tail of his coat; he said, "Pray let me go - it is only a row;" he then took up the tail of his coat, and ran about twenty yards further, when he cried Stop thief! himself; I pursued him again, and struck him - we both fell; I pushed him into a door-way, and he was taken.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him searched? A. Yes; there was no watch found on him; he had no opportunity of parting with it, unless he dropped it - he did not throw it away - he ran with his hands before him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FURZMAN
               



            . I am an officer. On the 16th of November, between five and six o'clock, I was sent for, and found the prisoner in Parker-street; I found a pair of seissors, a tobacco-box, and a stopper on him, but no watch. I took two lights, and searched from the place up to Queen-street, but I found no watch.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you make a diligent search all the way you was told the prisoner had run? A. Yes; I found some mud had been disturbed - it appeared as if it had been moved with fingers; I found nothing.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from my sister's; I heard a cry, and saw two persons running; I saw two persons run against the prosecutor; I went down the street - there were three or four different turnings, and the thief must have run up there.
GUILTY. Aged 18.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
