





First London Jury - before Mr. Recorder.
1374. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  HUNT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Hoskins
                     




                  , from his person
            .
SAMUEL HOSKINS. I am a linen-draper
, and live at Shadwell. On the 6th of July, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was going through Eastcheap


, towards the Tower, and felt for my handkerchief, and it was gone - it was safe five or six minutes before; I looked round and saw Mr. Orchard - he and I pursued the prisoner, who I first saw turning down St. Mary-at-hill, and just before I came up to him I saw him throw the handkerchief out of his cap; I picked it up.


                  JOHN 
                  ORCHARD
               



            . I am a baker, and live in Eastcheap. I saw the prosecutor pass my door, and three young lads together, following him - the prisoner was one of them; my house is right opposite the weigh-house; I saw the prisoner put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and pull out a handkerchief - the other two were with him; I have seen one of them in the press-yard, while waiting here; I ran up to Mr. Hoskins and told him to follow me- the prisoner ran across the road to St. Mary-at-hill, a different way from the others - he ran fast - I called Stop thief! he threw the handkerchief out of his cap, and was stopped by Hoskins; I only lost sight of him for a moment, and am certain he is the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY BUXTON
               



            . I received the prisoner in charge with the handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The gentleman stopped me and asked if I had his handkerchief - I said No - he picked it up and detained me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
