





828. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PURKISS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing. on the 28th of April
, a handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Redfern
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Alfred 
                        Redfern
                     



.


                  SARAH 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am twelve years old, and live in Compton-street, Clerkenwell, and am servant to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Redfern
               



            . Three weeks ago, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Northampton-square


 with his son Alfred,who is eleven months old, and saw the prisoner with three taller boys. I went round the square three times, and they all followed me, and as I came up Great Northampton-street, they asked me for a person named Clark, a gold and silversmith - I pointed out the house to them; the three stood before me, and said,
"Where? where?" and the prisoner stood behind. The three set off, and prisoner ran off with the handkerchief off the child's neck - I saw it in his hand, and ran after him as fast as I could. He ran up a yard which was not a thoroughfare - a gentleman caught him, and the handkerchief was produced; he was taken in about ten minutes; he had got out of my sight. I am sure of him, for I had seen him for three quarters of an hour.


                  THOMAS 
                  REDFEARN
               



            . I am a flax dresser
. Davis took my child out. I know the handkerchief.


                  JOHN 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I am a cabinet maker, and live in Northampton-square. I saw Davis crying - she said a boy in a brown coat had taken the child's handkerchief; she was looking towards Percival-street. I saw a boy running - she said he was one, but not the one who took it. I pursued, and saw the prisoner running, in a brown coat, and caught him down a court, which was no thoroughfare; he had got into a cart. I saw him throw the handkerchief out of the cart before I pulled him out. Davis saw him in about ten minutes, and said directly that he was the boy.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Were there not two boys in the cart - A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARVA
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house with the handkerchief.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I saw a boy running, he dropped it, and I picked it up, and went down there for a necessary occasion.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
