





881. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of May
, three shifts, value 4 s.; four petticoats, value 6 d.; four pockets, value 3 s.; one gown, value 10 s.; three aprons, value 1 s.; six handkerchiefs, value 2 s.; one muff, value 2 s.; seven caps, value 4 s.; fourteen collars and frills, value 4 s.; one pair of boots, value 2 s., and two shoes, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Smith
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  SARAH 
                  SMITH
               



            . The prisoner lodged in the same room with me. On the 4th of June, about eleven o'clock, I went out, leaving these things in the parlour cupboard, and some on the lines, drying - she went out with me and said, she should return immediately, and finish a shirt which she was making - I returned at half-past six o'clock, and my property was then all gone - she was absent, I did not see her again, till she was in custody about a week after -she was then wearing my shift, neck handkerchief, and cap - she stole all my needlework.
- CLIFFORD. I live in Corporation-row. On the 4th of May, about ten o'clock at night, the prisoner came and asked for a lodging, for one night, and brought a bundle with her, containing this property - she lodged three nights there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer. I found a bundle at Clifford's, and Collins gave me a muff and other things - I took a cap and handkerchief off the prisoner - she said, the prosecutrix's things were in Corporation-row.


                  RHODA 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I live at No. 26, Northampton-street. The prisoner brought the muff and other things to me to sell.


                  MARY 
                  COTTERILL
               



            . I lodge at Darby's. About the end of April, the prisoner came and asked me for a lodging, saying, she was distressed; and referred me to No. 26, Northampton-street.
Prisoner's Defence. Smith agreed to take another lodging with me - I went after one, she told me to take the things to the lodging - I met my husband, and could not go.


                  SARAH 
                  SMITH
               



            . It is false.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
