





427. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BIDEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Hypolite 
                        Bailliere
                     




                  , from his person
            .
HYPOLITE BAILLIERE. I live in Bedford-street, Bedford-square: I am a bookseller
. On the 26th of December, about half-past three o'clock, I was in Cheapside


,returning home; I had a handkerchief in my pocket: I did not notice the prisoner near me; Thorowgood told me it was gone; I felt, and missed it, and saw it in the prisoner's hand; I knew it - it had no mark; it was the same pattern and colour.


                  CHARLES 
                  THOROWGOOD
               



            . I am an officer of the City.
I followed the prisoner from the Royal Exchange, in company with another - I knew them both before; I saw them both follow the prosecutor from the Poultry to the corner of the Old Jewry, and there saw the prisoner putting the handkerchief into his pocket - it had been hanging out of Mr. Bailliere's pocket about half an inch, in the Poultry; I did not see it drawn out, they were so close to him; I took hold of the prisoner, with his hand in his pocket, and the handkerchief in it - I told Mr. Bailliere; his companion ran away; I have seen him several times since, but have not taken him: I shewed the handkerchief to Mr. Bailliere, who said it was his - the prisoner said some man had picked it up, and given it to him; I was so close to him, that was impossible, and neither of them had stooped - he never claimed the handkerchief as his own.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going home; there were plenty of people passing - I took the handkerchief up, opened it twice, and carried it open in my hand ten or fifteen yards, when he came and seized me - he asked what I had got; I told him a handkerchief; I said "I picked it up, and if it is your's, tell me the colour" - plenty of people must have seen me pick it up; I did not say a person gave it to me.
CHARLES THOROWGOOD. He told me the person who ran away gave it to him into his hand - neither of them stooped.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Life
            .
