






1340. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ALLFORD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MATTHEWS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of May
, 2 bookwriting-cases, value 20s.; 1 other writing-case, value 7s., and 1 work-box, value 2l. 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Slee
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        William 
                        Pye
                     



.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SLEE
               



            . I am a writing and dressing-casemaker
. On the 12th of May I packed up a parcel of articles, and among them were three writing-cases and a small work-box, covered with tortoiseshell: I gave it to William Pye, to take to Mr. Lund's, in Cornhill - he came back without it; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PYE
               



            . I received this parcel; I was going down Fleet-street, and saw a man taking some gold fish out of a bowl - Matthews stood looking at him; he asked if I knew of a place - I said No; he then asked how far I was going; I said "To Mr. Lund's, in Cornhill" - he asked if I had a place; I said "Yes, at Mr. Slee's, in Silver-street;" he went down a street, and I went on; when I got half way down Cheapside


. I saw Allford - he asked me if I did not come from Mr. Slee's; I said Yes - he said Mr. Lund, his master, had sent him to my master, and if he overtook me he was to take the parcel, and I was to go home, which I did.
DANIEL FORRESTER. I was going up Fleet-street on Thursday, and saw the two prisoners together; I took them to Mr. Slee's, and the lad identified them - he expressed no doubt about their being the persons; it was from his description that I took them.
ALLFORD's Defence. I was coming from over the water - I saw Matthews, and asked him if he knew of a place; the officer came and took us - the boy said at first, he knew me by my trousers, and then by the hat.
MATTHEWS' Defence. I never saw the boy.
JURY to PYE. Q. Was any one near enough to hear the conversation that took place? A. No; it was about a quarter of an hour afterwards that I saw Allford.
ALLFORD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
MATTHEWS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
