





1666. 
               
                  
                     JOSHUA 
                     GEES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of August
 1 pewter pot, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Allison
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 pewter pot, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Green
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 pewter pot, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Horatio Nathaniel 
                     Phillips
                  



               
            .


                  JEREMIAH 
                  TOMKINS
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Allison
               



            , who keeps the Duke of Clarence public-house, Regent's-park
. This quart pot is hers; we lose a great many, but had not missed this one.


                  CHARLES 
                  GREEN
               



            . I keep a tavern by the Regent's-park
 - I know this pot, which is cut in pieces; it is mine.


                  HORATIO 
                  NATHANIEL PHILLIPS
               



            . I keep the Jew's Harp public-house
; this pot is mine. I lose a great many pots.



                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a constable of the Regent's-park. On the 12th of August I saw the prisoner going up the hedge side, near the public-house: his waistcoat bulged out, and his hat was loose on his head. I went up to him, and he appeared to be picking thistles; I said,"What have you got?" he said Nothing; I said, "I will see what you have got;" he said, "D - n you, you shall not;" I then caught hold of him, and one of the pots fell from his hrt - he said if he could not get from me, he had something which would injure me - he then pulled out a large knife, and cut his handkerchief, which I had hold off, and cut me across the knuckles - he then got away. I caught him by the coat, which tore; a young man then came up, and he was secured - before I took him, he said he would fight till he died, for if he was taken he knew his doom - when he was taken he threw two pots over the hedge, and the knife after them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLE
               



            . I came up, and saw the prisoner throw these two pots from him; they were taken up on the grass.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a carpenter, and have a sick wife, and five children. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 55.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
