






2183. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MASON
               





             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  MALONE
               





             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of October
, 1 truss of hay, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry Thomas 
                  Woods
               




            .
HENRY THOMAS WOODS. I lost a truss of hay, on the 3d of October, from my loft, over my stable, in Clare-street, Clare-market


 - I was not at home at the time - I heard it was missing, from a man in the shop; the prisoners have annoyed our neighbourhood for some time.


                  JOHN 
                  FORD
               



            . I am a turner, and live in Clare-street, opposite the stable. On the 3d of October, about nine o'clock in the morning, I looked out of window, and saw Malone in the stable; immediately after, I saw Mason march up, take a sagacious look round, and then walk away; immediately after, Malone followed him, with a truse of hay on his back - I thought it was not right, and went and asked Wood's foreman, if he had sold a truse of hay; he said No - I said Malone had gone towards Vere-street with one; he then went after him - I could not see the entrance of the stable, but I saw Malone in the stable, from the second floor window.


                  JAMES 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Wood. About nine o'clock, Ford came and gave me information - I pursued, and took Malone with the truss on his back - Mason had Malone's hat in his hand; he dropped the hay, and I took him - Mason got off - this is Mr. Wood's hay.
MASON'S Defence. I had occasion to pass the stable, and in Vere-street; Ellis came up, but took no notice of me - I was there again about three o'clock, and was taken.
MALONE'S Defence. In passing the stable, a man offered me a pint of beer to carry the truss to the corner of Vere-street, and he would be there before me.
MASON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
MALONE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
