






143. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  LUCAS
               



             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HITCHCOCK
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of November
, 150 lbs. of lead, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel Preston 
                        Child
                     




                  , and affixed to a certain building of his
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am a Bow-street Patrol. I know Mr. Samuel Preston Child's building, in Chester-place, Bethnal-green


; it is a large stable, adjoining the mad-house. On the 4th of November, at half-past three o'clock in the morning, I was going off duty, and when near that building, I heard a person jump over a fence, and in a moment I saw Hitchcock - we knew each other, and he bid me good night - I went on about ten yards, and saw Lucas; I thought something was wrong - I went on about forty yards, then stopped, and saw them come on together under a gas-light, and stand and talk; I still remained there; they passed me; I then went down a back lane, where Hitchcock lives; stood in a passage, and saw Lucas come by with a sheet of lead; I seized him, called the watchman, and we took him to the watch-house with it, and then found another sheet of lead just by the spot where I heard the jump; I took Hitchcock next morning; I have matched the lead with the top of the premises, and both sheets fit exactly.


                  WALTER 
                  CREED
               



            . I am a watchman, and assisted Mitchell, who had Lucas in custody; we found another sheet of lead on the ground.


                  RICHARD 
                  BUSH SKILLERN
               



            . I went with Mitchell, and took Hitchcock at his house.


                  DANIEL 
                  SHIELDS WARNER
               



            . These premises are the property of Samuel Preston Child; it is his stable. I saw the lead matched; I had seen it safe on Saturday evening, about seven o'clock.
LUCAS's Defence. I saw two men run away and drop this lead; I took it up to took to the watch-house.
HITCHCOCK's Defence. I know nothing of it.
LUCAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
HITCHCOCK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
