






684. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH, alias 
CLARKE





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of January
, 100 lbs. weight of lead, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Potter
                     




                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . On the 29th of January, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I was in Rumball-place, Peter-street, about a quarter of a mile from Mr. Potter's premises, which are in New-street, Tothill-fields


, I saw a young woman pass my window - the prisoner and another then passed with some lead - I heard the woman say, "You have got a fine night's work; a fine lot of lead;" I followed them down the street - they pitched the lead against a wall - I was afraid to go up alone, as there seemed a gang of them - I waited some time, and saw Yates - I then went up, and met the prisoner with this piece of lead under his coat - I seized him and said, "What have you here?" he said, Nothing - he pulled the lead from his coat, and tried to throw it on my toes - I collared him, and took him to the Elephant and Castle public-house, and gave him to Cooper - I am sure he is one of the men who passed with the lead.


                  FRANCIS 
                  YATES
               



            . Davis called me. I took the prisoner to the Elephant and Castle, and saw him throw the lead down; it was brought into the public-house - the landlord refused to take charge of him for us - he attempted to get away, and struck at me.


                  HENRY 
                  POTTER
               



            . This lead was taken from a house, which I am building, in New-street - I saw it safe, about a week before - two padlocks were put on the loft-door - I found them both torn off on the 30th, and the lead ripped off the roof - I have seen this compared - it corresponds exactly, but more is gone.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I am a plumber, and laid this lead on the building - it was fixed - I have compared it, and know it to be the same.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am an officer, and took him. I found a large nail in the end of the lead, and in his fob I found a knife, which appears to have cut lead - the edge is turned; I went to where he was stopped, and found two more pieces.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw two boys with some lead; I went towards the spot - they ran away - I took up a piece of lead, and Davis took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
