





1018. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PERRATT
                  




               
             was indicted for feloniously 


               killing and slaying 
                     
                        Ruth 
                        M'Koul
                     




.


                  GERARD 
                  PERNO
               



            . I live at Egham-hill. On the 21st of April, 
               Ruth
             M'Koul was with me in my gig, and we were going along near the Powder-mills at Hounslow heath


, from London, home. I saw a waggon driven by the prisoner; it was about a quarter before seven o'clock in the evening, and quite day-light. We had dined; I was perfectly sober; I had not had more than two glasses of wine. It was a broad wheeled waggon and seven horses; both that and my gig were going from London. I attempted to pass the waggon on the near side, in order to avoid the dust; there was sufficient room for it. I had passed the waggon and the shaft horses without any inconvenience; there was abundant room for me to pass. I think the prisoner is the man who drove the horses. He touched the leaders with the whip, and drew them across the road; he was on the near side, where he ought to be; this prevented my passing him on the near side. The gig was then so near him, that he must have seen it; and he turned round and looked at us before he 
               drew
             the horses towards him. I immediately pulled up and let the waggon pass, and then went round on the off side. I had again passed the waggon, and he then laid his whip on the horses lengthways, and they then crossed the road, in consequence of which I could not pass on that side, and the gig got entangled with the waggon, and was dragged half the length of this Court before it was overturned. The driver did not make any attempt to stop the horses, but persevered in going on. I believe some of the leaders were in a trot in consequence of being flogged. Somebody behind hallooed to him to stop. I should conceive that he must have heard the call to stop as well as me, but he never attempted to stop the horses. I believe he did turn round, but cannot be positive. I am positive that he did not stop, or attempt to stop. The gig, which was very strong and heavy, went over; I was thrown under the waggon, the wheel went over my hat. I can not tell how I escaped. I could not see in what direction Ruth M'Koul fell. The moment I saw her she was lying quite flat, and the two wheels I suppose had gone over her head; she must have died momentarily, as the waggon was loaded. The driver did not stop, nor take the least notice any more than if he had gone over a rat. There was a person with him, who, I believe, at the time of the accident, was in the waggon. I understand the prisoner is the guard, not the waggoner. I staid by the deceased, and did not see the waggon any more on that evening. I saw him on the Friday following, (the accident was on the Wednesday.) I had not the means of discovering whether he was at all the worse for liquor. The person in the waggon did not get down or stop, but went on with the waggon.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. What distance were you from your house - A. About seven miles; I had dined with Mrs. M'Koul in London, but not at a party. I was perfectly sober.
Q. Did you use any coarse language to the driver. - A. No.
Q. Did you not say,
"
               
                  Johnny 
                  Raw
               



            , get out of the way or I will ride over you" - A. No; I used no coarse or jeering language. I think the road is wide enough for threewaggons; it was my duty to go on the right side of the waggon, but I went on the left to avoid the dust. The wind was blowing from south to north upon the lady. I was on the driving side. The distance of the foot-path from my gig, when I had passed the waggon was, I believe, about a foot; the driver was then at his leading horses. He touched them gently, and I stopped and went round on the other side. There was a sandman examined by the Coroner; I do not know whether he was the man who called out to stop. There was a man before, who did not interfere at all. Nobody said,
"Mr. Perno it was entirely your own fault."
JURY. Q. Are you sure that the person who drove the waggon knew that the gig was entangled with the waggon. - A Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARNARD
               



            . I am the guard to Mr. Jones's waggon. I was on the road at the time of this business. I was walking along with our waggon. I saw the waggon which occasioned the accident. The prisoner is the man who was driving the horses; I was behind it. There was a sand cart between their waggon and ours. I saw the gig with the lady and gentleman in it behind the waggon. It attempted to pass on the near side, and had run up as far as the horses, and there pulled up; I did not see what prevented its passing; it then drove round on the right side, and went as far as the horses. I could not see any further than there. I saw the gig turned over; it went a little way, I believe, before it turned over; it was entangled with the chains. I believe the waggon was very handy on the near side of the road; they were likely to get into the ditch. The horses were very much on the near side. I could not see what stopped the horses; they then came on the off side, and the gig turned over. I did not see the driver whip either of them; I was not near enough for that. I did not call, but ran as fast as I could. I was pretty near two hundred yards behind the waggon when I began to run. I could not see the gig entangled, but as soon as it had turned over I ran. I had not called to any person. When I got up the waggon-wheel had gone over the lady's head, and she was dead. The waggoner was in the waggon, or up at the head of it; the guard was driving; they did not stop, but were a good way on. The gentleman was coming back; I stopped and lifted up the lady. The waggon was gone on a goodish step, but the horses were only walking at a smart pace. After I had lifted the lady up, I remained there to carry her to a public-house. I saw the waggoner get off the shafts just after the lady had been killed; he was not then more than the length of this Court from me; he went up to the horses; I could not see whether either of them looked behind, but they did not stop. There was room enough for three waggons to pass between the waggon and the off side of the road. The dust was flying from the left. I did not see the waggoner afterwards.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. When this poor woman met her death, she was on the off side of the waggon - A. Yes; I don't know whether the driver knew what he had done.
Q. Was the prisoner on the proper side of his horses, and driving at a proper rate - A. Yes; it did not strike me he was trotting or driving his horses fast.
Q. If the man driving the gig had done his duty, could he have got entangled with the chains - A. No; there was room enough for him to have got out of the way; I think room for three waggons to pass. I think there was great fault in the man's driving. I did not see whether he directed his couse towards the waggon, or whether he used his whip. If any body had called to the waggoner I must have heard it. I could not judge whether Mr. Perno was sober or not. Our waggon stopped at the public-house. When he passed me he was on the off side, and the dust blew in the lady's face.
WILLIAM PULMAN. I live at Kew, and am a carpenter. I was on the road coming to meet them; the first thing I observed was, when the gig was on the off side of the waggon; I then saw the waggon drawn up very near the ditch, on the proper side, the gentleman appeared to be passing, and the man driving the waggon called the horses very near the ditch; when the gig had passed the waggon and the shaft horses, on the other side the horses turned square round, brought the gig round square, and the wheels getting entangled, occasioned it to be turned over; the lady was thrown under the waggon; it might have been dragged a little distance, but I did not notice that - I saw it turned over; the waggon had been drawn near the ditch, but it was then keeping off the ditch, and I suppose it was to keep it from the ditch that the driver had put the horses off; they went off in a slanting direction; I made as much haste as possible to the spot to assist; the driver and his companion went directly on; the horses quickened their pace; I did not call after them, but went as fast as possible to the deceased - she was quite dead; Mr. Perno had got up by that time. I saw the man who drove the waggon - it was the guard; the waggoner was sitting on the shafts with his face towards the ditch; I believe he could not see the accident; the forwardest of the waggon-horses were about a yard from the centre of the road when it happened, I think about a yard beyond the centre of the road, and a considerable distance from the ditch; the gig was pretty near the waggon, and Mr. Perno must have turned out of the road to have got away from it; I considered that it happened by his pulling the right-hand rein very tight, to get past the waggon on the road. I did not see the prisoner or the waggon afterwards.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Might not the waggon-driver have done all this mischief, and yet not have been conscious of it - A. Yes.
Q. Then there would have been no blame attached to his going on; there was a ditch about three feet deep on the near side, and the horses crossing the road was to get away from the ditch - A. Yes.
Q. There was ample room on the off side for the gig to pass - A. Yes; when I saw it, the gig was crossing the road, and the off wheel of the waggon overturned it. I saw no effort on the part of the driver to whip or hurry his horses.
COURT. Q. Do you think the driver must have seen that the horses were entangled - A. Yes; he did not stop. I did not notice whether he whipped his horses or not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DEAN
               



            . I sell sand and live at Egham. I was behind the waggon; my horse was close to it. I saw the gig with the gentleman and lady come on the near side of me; there was room enough then for the gig to pass on that side without touching the wheels of thewaggon. I saw the horses of the waggon drawn towards the driver. I cannot say how that was, for I did not see the driver do anything to make them draw that way; I was near enough, but did not see him touch the horses; that prevented the gig going along, though it had passed the body of the waggon. Mr. Penro stopped his horse, and the waggon passed the gig; I stopped my horse; there was space enough for Mr. Perno to pass, he did pass; and went on the right side; I did not see what happened then, as I was behind the waggon; I saw the gig on the near side of the waggon, but not when it got on the off side, till it was turned over; when I got up the lady was dead. I did not call to them to stop, nor did I hear any one call to them; they were then gone on about five yards from the spot where the body was laid; they went on to Belfont, I overtook them before they got there, and told the waggoner (not the prisoner) that the waggon had passed over the lady; they did not stop; the waggoner said he would not go back, he could not bear to see such a thing.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the horses entangled together before you got up - A. No; I did not hear the gentleman use any improper words to the driver.


                  JAMES 
                  COOPER
               



            . I keep the Duke's-head public-house, about a mile and a half beyond the place where the lady met her death; I saw the waggon driven by the prisoner on that night about a quarter before seven o'clock, it was after the lady had been killed; the waggoner, (
               
                  Robert 
                  Laws
               



            ), said, in the hearing of the prisoner,
"We have had a sad accident on the Heath, I understand we have run over a lady and killed her." I said,
"Did you stop?" He said,
"No." I said,
"Then I think you did wrong not to stop and assist." That was all that passed; the prisoner had got the whip in his hand, and was by the side of the horses.
Prisoner's Defence. The gentleman ran against me, and drove me into the ditch almost, and the lady was killed nine feet and four inches from the ditch. I know nothing of it.


                  ROBERT 
                  LAWS
               



            . I have travelled with this waggon and the prisoner a good while; he drives steadily and carefully, and would not wilfully take away a fellow-creature's life, quite the contrary; I was at the head of the waggon at the time; I saw the horses entangled, and called to him to stop the horses, and he tried to stop them, but this gentleman kept driving his horse upon our horses, so that they would not stop; I was getting down, and almost run over, I was so frightened; I hallooed six or seven times as loud as I could; the gig kept running against them, which made them go the faster, that is as true as I stand here; the horses were out of the road, on some stone heaps near the ditch, and this gentleman kept driving upon them; there were only two wheels of the waggon in the road, the others were on the stone heaps; he came quite across the road to run against us; I said
"What are you doing?" as loud as I could; I am certainly sure of it, every body must have heard me; there was all the road for him, but he came there on purpose to do us an injury, and almost overturned the waggon; he might have gone by it if he pleased; there was nothing to hinder him - he had got past four horses, upon my oath; I told Cooper that the man was in fault, and attempted to injure my horses.


                  JAMES 
                  COOPER
               



             re-examined. Q. What did the last witness say to you on the business - A. He said he supposed the gentleman drove in upon him; I do not recollect that he said he thought he meant to do the horses an injury.


                  ROBERT 
                  LAWS
               



             re-examined. Did you attend the Coroner's jury - A. Yes; but I was not called in; I never heard a word pass between the gentleman in the gig and the prisoner; I could see every thing.


                  GERARD 
                  PERNO
               



             re-examined. Q. Did you hear Laws call to the prisoner to stop the horses - A. I heard some one call stop the horses, but I cannot say who it was; I never heard him say it was my fault, or that I meant to hurt the horses.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARNARD
               



             re-examined. Q. Did you hear the waggoner say to Mr. Perno
"It was your fault" - A. No; I was not near enough.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DEAN
               



             re-examined. I heard nothing of the kind said.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
