





298. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  PHILLIPS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of December
, 1 box, value 3s.; 1 jacket, value 3s.; 1 table-cloth, value 9s.; 1 whittle, value 20s.; 1 pair of stays, value 17s., and 1 pair of pockets, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Matthias 
                  Newmarck
               




            .


                  RICHARD 
                  BUSH SKILLERN
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. About a quarter past five o'clock on the evening of the 8th of December, I saw the prisoner go down Goulston-street, Whitechapel, with this box on his shoulder - I stopped him, and said I was an officer; I asked what was in the box, and he threw it down and ran away; my brother officer took the box and I took the prisoner.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you ask him where he had got it? A. Yes, and he said he would let me know in another place; he said afterwards he had it given to him by another man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DICKENSON
               



            . I was with Skillern - what he has stated is correct.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODLEY
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Spreadly
               



             the Brompton carrier. I saw this box safe in the cart when I was at St. Mary-at-hill, about a quarter past four o'clock; it was to go to the Pewter Platter, in Grace-church-street; it is a hilted cart - I left it for twenty minutes at the Cheshire-cheese, in Crutched-friars


, and did not miss the box till I got to Gracechurch-street.
MATTHIAS NEWMARCK. I am butler
 to 
               
                  William 
                  Wilberforce
               



            , Esq. This property is mine - I sent it by the cart from the Grapes, at Brompton.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a weaver
, and was out of employ. I was in the habit of going to the Tower stairs to get jobs - I saw a man at a door way with this box - he asked me to carry it to Spitalfields for 1s., which I agreed to do.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
