





924. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of April
, 57lbs. of bacon, value 28s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Poulton
               




            .
GEORGE POULTON. I keep a chandler's-shop
 in Shoe-lane


. On the 14th of April, about seven o'clock in the evening, this bacon hung at the side of the door, secured by a rope; I was in the shop, and saw the prisoner take it- I ran out, and caught him ten yards off, with it on his shoulder; he said he had not taken it, and did not know what he was taken for. I had not lost sight of him - the rope was cut.


                  JAMES 
                  SHARP
               



            . I am a coppersmith, and live in Trinity-lane. I was in Shoe-lane, and stopped the prisoner, with the bacon on his shoulder; Poulton immediately came up and claimed it.
Prisoner. Q. Did you appear before the Alderman? A. No. I gave the prosecutor my address.


                  GEORGE 
                  POULTON
               



            . The constable said it was not necessary to produce this witness.


                  JAMES 
                  CHICKALDAY
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner in charge - he made great resistance.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing this shop, much intoxicated, as the prosecutor admitted. I had a knife, but was unable to cut a string, or to resist; I have no recollection of committing the crime. The constable told me I should not be in the Compter if I had not resisted.


                  GEORGE 
                  POULTON
               



            . The moment I took him he appeared in liquor, but recovered in a minute or two - I suppose it was his agitation - he made a strong resistance.


                  JAMES 
                  SHARP
               



            . He appeared rather in liquor when he was taken - he was very resolute in Skinner-street, and if it had not been for me and Poulton, I think he would have escaped.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
