





1381. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     VALLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of October
, one coat, value 20 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Grist
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  GRIST
               



            . I keep a public-house
 at Hanworth


. On the 8th of October my coat hung in the yard. I missed it about six o'clock in the evening, and found it at Gosling's on the 9th; the prisoner lives about one mile and a half off, and knew my premises.


                  JAMES 
                  CLEMMONS
               



            . I was at the bed-room window of the public-house, about five minutes past six o'clock, and saw the prisoner at the back door. I saw him reach at something and put it under his arm; he went up the yard and went away.


                  HANNAH 
                  HURT
               



            . I live near the public-house. On the 8th of October, a little after six oclock, I saw a man pass my window with something under his arm. There is no thoroughfare.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIST
               



            . I am the prosecutor's brother. I saw the prisoner in the house having some beer, and in about five minutes he passed me by the door, and went to the yard, where the coat was, and in a moment he came out and ran round by the stables, where there is no thoroughfare, to avoid passing me. The coat was then gone, I saw it safe five minutes before.


                  JOHN 
                  GOSLING
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Richmond. On the 9th of October, in the evening, the prisoner pawned the coat in the name of Allen.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
