





1093. 
               
                  
                     JONATHAN 
                     HASLOP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of August
, two shirts, value 7 s.; one shift, value 2 s.; one shawl, value 2 s.; two pair of stockings, value 1 s., and one apron, value 9 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Owen 
                     Hagan
                  




               
            .


                  SUSAN 
                  HAGAN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Owen 
                  Hagan
               



            , we live in Turk's-row, Chelsea


. On the 2d of August, at two o'clock in the afternoon, these things were safe on the first floor, I went into another room, and when I came out they were gone. I went down stairs and mentioned it, and about three o'clock I found the prisoner in custody with them at the Cheshire Cheese, public-house; he said he did not take them himself.


                  SARAH 
                  FISHER
               



            . I keep the house. I saw the prisoner standing at the corner of the passage for ten minutes, but did not see him go in or out; he was the only person near the house. I afterwards saw him going down the road.


                  MARY 
                  SNELLGROVE
               



            . I was sitting on the steps of the Mermaid, next yard to the prosecutrix's, and saw the prisoner pass without anything. He returned in about half an hour, with a blue and white spotted bundle under his arm, going towards the Cheshire Cheese; I asked him what he would take for his bundle? he made no answer. I told the prosecutrix, and directed her which way he went. He returned in two or three minutes, and said
"Who is that that has lost her bundle?" I said,
"A poor woman."


                  SARAH 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I live in Jew's-row. I saw the prisoner come down with a blue and white spotted bundle, and saw him apprehended.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KING
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner in charge at the Cheshire Cheese with the bundle - he said he did not leave it there. I found three skeleton keys on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The landlady said I did not leave them there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
