





1461. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  LEWIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of June
, 1 reticule, value 3s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 12 half-pence, and 1 farthing, the property of 
                     
                        William Daniel 
                        Owen
                     



                  , from the person of Susan, his wife
            .


                  SUSAN 
                  OWEN
               



            . I am the wife of William Daniel Owen, a linen-draper
. On the evening of the 26th of June I was in Marchmont-street


 - my husband had just left me, and was crossing the road; I was looking into a shop window - the prisoner came up and snatched my reticule, which had a handkerchief and some halfpence in it; he tore my dress, and two petticoats, from top to bottom; I turned round and saw him - he took his hat off, put the reticule into it, and put it on again; I gave an alarm, and he was taken before I lost sight of him.
Cross-examined by Mr. BARRY. Q. Did you see the person who took it? A. My back was towards him when he came up - but I turned round instantly and saw the property in his hand; when he was brought back, a man said, "If you don't wish to prosecute, don't go with the prisoner."


                  JOHN 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I was in Tavistock-street on this evening, and met the prisoner running from Marchmont-street; I stopped him, brought him back, and saw this lady.


                  ROBERT 
                  DERRY
               



            . I am a constable, and received him in charge; I found the property in his hat.
WILLIAM DANIEL OWEN. I had just left my wife - I heard an alarm soon after; but the prisoner had turned the corner before I saw him.
Prisoner's Defence. It was not me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
