






First London Jury - before Mr. Recorder.
1629. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SANDERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of July

, 4 quires of paper, value 5s., and I quire of other paper, value 10d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Green
                  



               
             and another, his masters
; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BEWICK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Green, tea and coffee dealers
, of Gracechurch-street - their business is mostly wholesale - I have been with them nearly two years. I found Sanderson there when I first went, and understood from him that he had been there nearly fifteen years. Soon after I went there, Sanderson told me, that if I was short of cash, I was to sell coffee or tea, and apply the money to my own use, for what I was deficient. I said nothing to that. I told Mr. 
               
                  Henry 
                  Green
               



             of it about a week afterwards, or it might be more. Soon after, the prosecutors kept a more diligent watch over their property, and in about four months had pedlocks put on all their cannisters.
Q. Before the 24th of July, do you remember some paper coming in? A. Yes; one ream of thin blue and one ream of thin white; we use it to pack tea and coffee for the retail trade only - it would last a long time, as we have very little retail business; it was placed on a back shelf, near the bottom of the counter - Sanderson had access to it. On the 24th I made this memorandum of the paper in hand - there were sixteen quires of blue, fifteen of white, and eight of brown, which we call bag-cap; on the 27th I looked again, there were fourteen of blue, twelve of white, and seven of bag-cap; we had not cut up any of that paper for bags or any thing, nor had we used any of it; what became of the rest I cannot say, but none of it had been used in the business whatever - it could not have been taken for the business without my knowledge, nor could any such quartity have been consumed in business in so few days.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. When did you enter the prosecutors' service? A. On the 27th of October, 1825. Sanderson made the communication to me within a month or six weeks; I told Mr. Green about a week afterwards - Sanderson remained in their service till July last; there are four servants in all, including myself; there is a female and a boy beside me and Sanderson - the female had no access to the shop. Mr. Henry Green was always in the business, and Mr. John, occasionally - it is Sanderson's duty to make the bags; I sleep in the house; the paper was kept on an open shelf - the shop is locked up at eight o'clock at night, and I kept the key; the servants have access to the paper in the day time, but I can tell what would be used; the boy or Sanderson could take it when they wanted it - I swear it had not been used in the business.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Could such a quantity be used without your knowledge? A. It could not; it would take a long time to make it into bags, and we never use it for bags - I had a particular reason for taking down the quantity there. I travel sometimes - but was not out during this time.
COURT. Q. On the 24th of July, was there a stock of bags so as not to require more to be made? A. Yes; the bags are made of cartridge paper - not of this sort.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a stationer, and live in Clement's-lane, and am the eldest son of Mr. Green. I supply the paper for the business - in July last I sent them a ream of double crown blue, and one of double wove yellow, and some other papers; in consequence of what was said to me I advised Jordan what to do about the paper - I have since seen some paper produced; it is impossible to swear to paper - but, to the hest of my judgment, it corresponds in every particular, and I believe it to be part of the reams which I delivered them; it is of the same quality, size, fabric, and from the same maker - I compared it with what was left; there was no wrapper on it.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you supplied them with paper? A. About seven years; I have sold them agreat quantity in that time. I called there about ten minutes after it was delivered - I saw it on the floor of their warehouse; I do not deal with several manufacturers - the same maker supplies other people, no doubt - I will not swear that the paper had ever been in my possession; the blue was charged 27s. a ream, and the white about 25s.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Do the prosecutors have as much paper as a retail dealer would take? A. Much less; I suppose two or three reams of each sort of this paper would be more than their supply for the year.
JURY. Q. Are they machine or hand papers? A. I believe these are not machine paper; the edge of machine paper is cut, and hand paper is not.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am in partnership with my son Henry. Sanderson had been about fifteen years in our employ, and was confidentialy employed, till I had reason to suspect him - I am seldom in town. In July last, in consequence of what came to my knowledge, I called him into the counting-house, about three o'clock in the afternoon - it was on a Tuesday, towards the end of the month. I desired Mr. Jordan to repeat, in his presence, what he had said to me; he said he had lost several quires of paper. I had made him no promise of forgiveness, or said any thing at all to him; Jordan said he had missed five quires of paper - that he had taken an account every morning of what there was for several days, and every day had missed some; the prisoner was silent, or said he knew nothing about it, I forget which; I then said there was a rogue in the house, and that he was the man. I observed that he shook a little; he said he knew nothing about it; I persisted that it was him; and at last he acknowledged that he had taken it, and if I would look over it, he would do so no more, and would pay me for what he had taken. I told him that would not be done - that it was not that alone, but I had to accuse him of a great many other things, as he must be aware of - he denied any thing else. I saw him again before I went out, and asked what he had done with the paper - he said he had sold it; and, after some hesitation, he said he sold it to a man in Lime-street, without naming him, and got 6d. a quire for it; after some further conversation, I sent for Wiltshire, the officer. I then said, "Will you tell this officer where you have sold the paper?" he named the man soon after; two officers left the place with him. I went out of town, and next morning I saw the paper at the Mansion-house - it appeared in every respect part of the paper missing. Jordan produced two quires of the paper, and it appeared to me to be the same.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you take an active part in the business? A. Not now, nor did I in 1825.
MR. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am in partnership with my father; soon after Jordan came into our employ he made a communication to me, respecting Sanderson; and after that I had frequently missed property in small quantities, which could hardly be missed at the time. I had a padlock put on the large tea cannisters; I afterwards missed other things; there was paper missing in July last; the circumstance was mentioned to me on the 27th; I ordered the paper to be counted daily - but I believe that was done before, when I was out of town - I was not present at the conversation with Sanderson, so as to give a particular account of it.
Cross-examined. Q. Had something been said to you about a half-crown piece? Yes; I never heard my father say he should be forgiven if he made a communication. Jordan gave me information within a month of the time when he came. I missed property the next day, and almost daily afterwards.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What was your reason for keeping Sanderson? A. I wished positively to discover who the thief was, and not to accuse any body improperly; the deprodations were always trifling; but the whole, together, was considerable.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILTSHIRE
               



            . I am a City officer. On Tuesday, the 31st of July, I went from Messrs. Greens' with Sanderson - he took me to the house of Bewick, No. 30, Lime-street; "Dealer in marine-stores" is written over the door; the stock chiefly consisted of old iron, rags, and such things - when we came to the door the prisoner Bewick was in the back part of the passage; Sanderson said,"That is the man I sold the paper to;" I went up to Bewick, and said, "Where is the paper you purchased of this man?" Bewick answered, I never bought any of him;' he then opened the door, and we went into the shop, which is a dark place backwards. I again said,"Now, where is the paper you bought of this person?" he said, "I never bought any of him." Sanderson said, "Yes, you bought some of me yesterday;" Bewick then took up some loose sheets of paper, which laid on the top of a quire of brown, and a quire of white which I produce; Sanderson then took hold of the two quires, and said, "This is the paper;" I then took Bewick and the paper into custody.
Q. Were the two quiros concealed from view? A. No; it might he seen under the loose cloth. I have had it ever since - Mr. Green saw it at the Mansion-house, he compared, and claimed it.
Cross-examined. Q. From first to last he denied buying it of Sanderson? A. He did; his shop is on the ground floor - he opened an inner door to admit us - but when I first saw him in the passage he slammed that door too - there might be more paper in the place, but I did not search for more - this was all Sanderson pointed out - he did not say, in Bewick's presence, what he sold it him for.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I believe the paper produced is the same as these samples, from the bulk - there is no water-mark, but from the texture, quality, and colour, I believe it to be the same; it is worth 1s. 3d. a quire - the brown also agrees in every respect, and is worth 10d. or 1s, a quire.
Cross-examined. Q. How many thousand quires you may have sold in a year, you cannot say? A. I supply nobody but my father with that sort of paper - the manufacturer may sell a large quantity.
The prisoner Bewick put in a written defence, denying most solemnly that he had ever purchased a single sheet of paper of Sanderson; stating that he dealt in paper, which he had witnesses to prove; and that he regularly purchased of wholesale dealers.


                  JOHN 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I am a wholesale stationer, and carry on business at Bull Wharf-lane, Thames-street. I have dealt with Bewick, and sold him paper of different sorts at different times, bag-cap and small-hand; I do not know that I ever sold him any like that produced; small hand is about half the size of this; I may probably have sold him paper like that produced, but not lately - not withinthe last three years; I should think this bag-cap is heavier than what I have sold him - it is impossible to identify bagcap - the maker could not do it, not to distinguish one sheet from another.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When did you sell him any paper at all? A. About three months ago; I sold him bag-cap, small-hand, and lumber-hand - it is perhaps, five years since I have sold him any of the sort produced; I believe I have sold it within seven years, but not within five; I sold him some paper about one month before I sold the bag-cap - I generally sold him a ream or a bundle at a time - I do not believe any of this paper to have been sold by me.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PEWTRISS
               



            . I am a stationer, and live at No. 5, Russell-street, Mile-end-road. I have sold Bewick some paper; I am what is termed a jobber; my cousin, in Gracechurch-street, is a wholesale dealer; I have sold the prisoner some bag-cap; I have sold him some white paper like this, of this fineness and quality - it was machine cut, and so is this; I have sold him some quires of it, some reams, or bundles I should say - I will not swear that this is the paper I sold him, but it was similar; I defy any manufacturer to swear to a single quire of paper. I have sold him some bag-cap like this, but after it goes out of my hand I cannot swear to it.
Mr. ADOLPHUS. Q. When did you sell him any bagcap? A. I think about the middle of July - I have not brought my books here - I was not desired - I generally sell for ready money - I do not deliver invoices - I take it my self, and receive the money; I think I sold him three bundles, one of bag-cap, and two of this sort, which is double crown - I believe this is machine cut; I bought my paper of my cousin in July last - I bought about 25l. worth altogether, but not more of this sort than I sold to Bewick - this paper is similar to that; I will swear it is the same quality - it is as near the size as can be - I cannot swear to half an inch - it was about the 10th of July.
MR. BARRY. Q. I suppose you have sometimes sent him invoices? A. I have.
COURT. Q. Did you appear at the Mansion-house when Bewick was under examination? A. No; I was not desired to attend.
W. WILTSHIRE re-examined. Bewick was remanded from the Wednesday till the Friday, to bring forward invoices of the party whom he said he bought the paper of.
SANDERSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There were two other indictments against the prisoner.
BEWICK - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
