






182. 
               
                  MARY ANN 
                  LYONS
               




             and 
               
                  JANE 
                  LODGE
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
, 1 hat, value 8s.; 1 hat-box, value 3d.; 1 jacket, value 3s., and 10 sovereigns
            , the property of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  McLeod
               




            .
DANIEL McLEOD. I am a seaman
. On the 16th of November my vessel was in the West India Docks; I went into the Bull's Head public-house, in Ratcliff-highway


 - I had been buying a bed, and, hearing a fiddle playing, I went into the public-house. I saw the prisoners there, and about a dozen other men and women; I got a pot of beer, and gave the prisoners and the other people some - they all began to dance. I had a 10l. note in my fob; Ichanged it at the bar; the landlord wanted me to leave my money with him, but I would not; I got nine sovereigns, and 1l. in silver; I put the gold into my jacket pocket, where I had another sovereign, and the silver in another pocket. Lyons was sitting down on the seat, close to me; I then pulled off my jacket, and gave it to White to hold; I put my hat and box on the table - Lyons took it. I left the house (when I had done dancing) with a person named Archer, and the two prisoners; we went to a cook-shop, to have some victuals - the prisoners sat next to me, but I cannot say which of the two was nearest to me; I staid there a quarter of an hour: I felt Lyons put her hand into my jacket pocket, where the gold was, but cannot say she took it out at that time - I did not feel my pocket till after they were gone, and I had got out into the street again; I then found I had but 4s. 6d. left - they left me suddenly; after we got athwart the road, they hid me good night - nobody else was near me - I was not very drunk; I gave information at nine o'clock next morning - I have found my hat, but not my money.


                  REBECCA 
                  WHITE
               



            . I take in needle-work, and live in Bluegate-fields, next door to the prisoners. I went into the Bull's Head public-house, with a friend, and saw the prosecutor come in - he had a new hat-box, which he gave Lyons to hold for him; he gave me his jacket to hold, and began dancing; in a few minutes Lyons came to me, and said "You have no business with that jacket;" I said,"Well, then, take it," which she did; she had then got the bat-box - I went away, and saw no more; the prisoners were sitting together. I did not see Lodge touch the jacket, or box, but they laid on the table before them - I was quite sober.


                  JOHN 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I keep the cook-shop; the prosecutor, Archer, and the prisoners, all came in together - the prisoners often resort in that neighbourhood; they had refreshment, and all went out together. I saw Lodge take out the hat-box and jacket - the prosecutor was not very drunk.


                  JOHN 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am an officer of the Thames Police. McLeod applied to me on the morning of the 17th of November, and described the prisoners; I went with him to Ratcliff-highway, and he pointed out Lyons to me - I questioned her about the property; she said she knew nothing of it - I said she must go with me to find the other girl; we found Lodge, who also said she knew nothing of it; the Magistrate committed Lyons, and dismissed Lodge - I went away with her; she then took me to another public-house, where I found this hat and jacket.


                  HARRIET 
                  ROWLAND
               



            . I keep the Hoop and Grapes public-house. Lodge came to me on the 16th of November, and told me to take care of this hat and jacket - Lyons was with her, but Lodge spoke.
D. McLEOD re-examined. I am certain I had my money when I left the public-house - it could not have fallen out; I felt Lodge's hand near my pocket - it was in the jacket I have on - it was an upper jacket that I pulled off. I changed my note after I had done dancing, and came away directly - I knew Archer well - he did not take it.
LODGE's Defence. I saw this young woman with the hat and jacket; she said she did not know where the man was, and I proposed that we should go and leave them at the public-house. LYONS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LODGE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
