







1000. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     PLATT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Abraham 
                        Simmons
                     




                  , on the King's highway, on the 20th of June
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 12 l.; one chain, value 4 l.; two seals, value 2 l., and one key, value 10 s., his property
            ,
ABRAMAM SIMMONS. I am an army-clothier
. On the 20th of June, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, I was walking down the Strand


, and just as I got to the corner of Round-court, I saw the prisoner, Platt, push me off the curb, and at that very moment Smith came in front of me, drew my watch from my fob, and ran up the court with it. I followed, calling Stop thief! we both fell down, and at that moment I endeavoured to lay hold of his hand which had the watch in it. Platt came up, struck me several blows, and said
"What do you want with this man." They both got off. I am positive to their persons. I was merely pushed slightly off the curb. I saw them in custody about ten days after.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Was it dark - No; I had frequently seen them both about the neighbourhood before, and knew them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JEFFERSON
               



            . I am an officer. I and Maidment apprehended Smith about the middle of July, and found two handkerchiefs, the cap of a watch, two watch keys, and a piece of crooked wire on him. I found a letter in his pocket. - (read.)
Dear Friends. -
"Mike and I am now in trouble through getting you away, and hope you will not forget me now I am there; all I ask of you is to get me a counsellor, and nothing else. I expect to suffer for it, but if I get counsel I may get off, as I am called Captain of the Gang. The watchman swears to my cutting his head, and getting you away."
R. PLATT.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



            . I apprehended Platt.
SMITH'S Defence. The letter cannot relate to this robbery, for no watchman was there.
SMITH - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
PLATT - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
Of stealing from the person only. - 



               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Best.
