





1143. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
, 2 shirts, value 3s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 9d.; 1 handkerchief, value 3d., and 1 bag, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        Edward John 
                        Randolph
                     



                  ; 2 bags, value 8s., and 1 skin of leather, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Makepeace
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I am clerk to the Lord Chief Baron. - On the 27th of May I was sent for to Sir Archibald Macdonald's, to look for some papers, and passing from the library to a small room where some papers were kept, I saw the entrance hall window open, and a man peeping in from the outside - I stopped to see whether he went away; I then went into the room, and staid five minutes in search of the papers - when I came out I saw the prisoner moving along the entrance hall, with two bags under his right arm; I asked who he was, and where he came from - he said he came about a Mr. Smith; I knew Sir Archibald had a butler named Smith, but he had left him; I asked where he came from - he said from a Mr. Farquhar, in St. James'-street - I asked if it was the banker - he said Yes, and he had brought a letter, which he had given to the servant maid; I rang the bell for the servant to get a constable, and to send up the butler; he was secured.


                  JOHN 
                  CARROLL
               



            . I am servant to Lady Louisa Macdonald. I went up when I heard the bell ring, and found the prisoner in custody; these articles belong to Edward John Randolph - he is grandson to the late Sir Archibald Macdonald; he had come home that day from Westminster school, and left these things in the hall - this bag belongs to Mr. Makepeace, who had come to weigh the silver.


                  JOHN 
                  WILDMAN PAINE
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for to take the prisoner on the 27th of May.
MASTER 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  JOHN RANDOLPH
               



            . I am grandson of the late Sir Archibald Macdonald. I had left these things in the hall, and know them to be mine.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
