





1664. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LAZARUS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, 1 purse, value 1d.; 1 sovereign, and 11s., the monies of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Salter
                        



                     
                  , from the person of Ann his wife

.


                  JAMES 
                  SALTER
               



            . I was out with my wife, on the 27th of July, at the corner of Old-street, opposite Shoreditch-church


, about nine o'clock at night; we were close together, but she had not hold of my arm; she gave an alarm, and said the prisoner had picked her pocket - I collared him; he held out both his hands, and said, "See, Sir, that I don't drop any thing;" I took him to the watch-house.


                     ANN 
                     SALTER
                  



               
            . I was there looking to see if a man was hurt who had been run over; I found the prisoner's hand in my pocket; he took out a purse with 31s. in it - I saw his hand come from my pocket, but I did not see the purse - I had had it not three minutes before, and had not taken it out for any thing; there were other persons near; I saw him put his hand behind me, to give it to some one; there were three duplicates in the purse.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORTON
               



            . I received charge of the prisoner; I have 3s. 6d. and one duplicate which I found on him.


                  ANN 
                  SALTER
               



             re-examined. I was outside the crowd; there were some persons on the other side of me, about half a yard from me; I laid hold of the prisoner directly, and called my husband.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw a man run over; I went to see what was the matter; there were about one hundred and fifty people; this woman caught hold of me, and said,"I have lost my purse, you rascal, I have, and my money;" I said, "Don't collar me, I never stole any thing in my life;" I said, "Feel again;" she did, and then called her husband.


                  ANN 
                  SALTER
               



            . It was not a dark evening; I have no doubt as to whether I seized the person whose hand had been in my pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
