





545. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  SKINNER
               




             was again indicted for 


               a like offence
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  BUCKLE
               




            . On the 10th of November the prisoner was in my employ; he never gave me an account of 13l. 15s. received from Frost and Co., who dealt with me - they owed me a few shillings more than that sum.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Mr. Dodson? A. Yes; he is here - this money was taken in November; my son left me about October; he worked in my shop, and occasionally made entries in the journal when the clerk has been out; he never entered in the cash-book, for I kept that locked up for the last six months - I may have left it out occasionally.
Q. Have you not, in several instances, received money from the prisoner, and then sent him into the factory, before he had time to make entries? A. Never, on my oath - I always said, directly I received money, "George, be sure you enter it:" I always allowed him time to enter it. My son was my journeyman.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. If you did leave your books about, could an entry be taken out that was once made? A. No; if it was entered it would appear: my son had left me when this was received; the prisoner left in January, and never told me of this sum, nor paid it to me: I sent my son-in-law for the money after it was paid.



                  JAMES 
                  BATCHELOR
               



            . Here is no entry in the cash-book of 13l. 15s. 6d. being received from Frost: the only entry on the 10th of November is 2s. received from Mr. Richards; that is in the prisoner's writing: there is no entry of this sum at all - the highest sum in this page is 25l. received from Mr. Wood, on the 17th of November: twelve of the entries here are my writing: I received no money of Frost's account - the prisoner never told me he had received it.
Cross-examined. Q. Look at this page, whose writing is that? A. One line I do not know about; here is one by myself; the rest is the prisoner's: here is one entry of Mrs. Buckle's, but that is money paid - the book is kept locked up; she never enters money received - if she receives money, she tells me, and I enter it. I know there have been quarrels between Buckle and his wife.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Were the quarrels because that she had received money and not brought it to account? A. I believe the principal quarrel was because the books were not properly looked after - there is no entry of here of money received for six months past - the book was occasionally left out.
COURT. Q. Have you ever heard Mr. and Mrs. Buckle quarrel about her receiving money, and not entering it? A. No; it was, that neither she nor the son had properly looked after the books; as he was unable to do it himself.


                  JAMES 
                  FROST
               



            . My father dealt with Buckle. I produce a bill and receipt for goods delivered and paid for- I paid the prisoner the money on the 10th of November, 1827 - it was 13l. 15s. 6d.; I paid it into his own hands, and he wrote this receipt (read.) Another bill was sent in for the same goods, in January, after the prisoner had left.
Prisoner's Defence. I can only say, I have been frequently teazed by Mrs. Buckle to give her money, and she has promised to account for it to her husband - they were always quarrelling.
JOHN BUCKLE. I am the prosecutor's son. I left my father's house about three weeks or a month before Christmas - the prisoner had a great deal to do when he was there; he was not always busy - my father has, at times received money from him, and sent him into the factory before he had time to enter it.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When was that? A. I cannot state any particular time; I never knew the prisoner keep money back. I left my father in October - it is less than twelve months ago that this has happened; it was more than once - I cannot say how often.
Q. Was he not, in October, discharged from the factory, and employed at 5s. a day to collect debts? A. Not to my knowledge; I left in October.


                  JAMES 
                  BATCHELOR
               



            . This bill and receipt is in the prisoner's hand-writing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
