







Before Mr. Justice Littledale.
1355. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  TONKS
               




            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MANN
               



            , and 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  SANDERWICK
               




            , were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        James 
                        Arden
                     




                  , on the King's high-way, on the 7th of July
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 20s.; 1 chain, value 6d., and 1 seal, value 4d., his property
            .
JAMES ARDEN. I am fourteen years old, and live in Great Ogle-street, Fitzroy-square, with my father, who is a brewer. On the 7th of July I was coming along the New-cut, near the tunnel


, and saw the prisoners and another - I had never seen them before; Sanderwick took my hat off, and handed it to the fourth person; I cried for it, and Sanderwick gave me an old one; I said, I would have my own, and in a little time he gave it to me; he then said, "Have you got any thing in your pockets?" he felt down outside, and felt the watch; he then said,"You may as well tell me what is o'clock before you go." I refused, but said, I would shew him what it was o'clock, if he stood two or three yards off - but he said, "No, we can't see if we stand so far;" and after a little time, I was pulling my watch out - I had got it quite out of my fob, and held it tight, but he got hold of the chain, and wrenched it from me; I said, "No larks," and he handed it to Tonks, who was about a yard off, and I saw no more of it; Mann was talking to them - they were altogether, not half a yard from each other - the three went away; Tonks remained behind, and said, "If you come under the bridge I will try and find your watch for you." I had said nothing to him - I was crying, but said nothing about my watch - I said, I would not go; some boys came round, at last two bakers came, and Tonks was detained; the other three were then out of sight; when Sanderwick gave him the watch, I thought I saw him put it into the flap of his breeches.
Cross-examined by Mr. CRESWELL. Q. How long were you with them? A. About five minutes; Mann and Sanderwick were apprehended in about a fortnight - I was certain of them; I think they had been in the water, for Mann was putting his stockings on, and sitting about half a yard from the other two; he had every thing but his shoes and stockings on, and by the time they got the watch, I suppose he was ready to receive it; he went away as soon as he was dressed - he was in the water when I first went up.
COURT. Q. Did Mann go away alone? A. He went with the stranger - I do not know whether he saw the watch taken - he was sitting down - I did not see him in the water; the watch was my father's - I had worn it twelve months; the seal, chain, and key, were mine.
Prisoner TONKS. Q. Where did I stand? A. By the side of the Cut, talking to the two prisoners; I am certain I saw the watch in your hand; if you were on the bridge, it must have been before you came up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SEWELL
               



            . I am eleven years old, and know Arden. On the 7th of July, I saw the prisoners and another, by the Cut; Sanderwick stopped Arden, and pulled his cap off; he cried for it, and Sanderwick said, if he would let him look what o'clock it was, he would give it him - he pulled it out - Sanderwick snatched it out of his hand, and gave it to Tonks, who put it into the flap of his breeches - then gave it to another boy, not in custody, and he gave it to Mann - I saw it in Mann's hands; Mann said, "Good bye, I shall see you to night;" and ran down the grove with it: Sanderwick, and the one not in custody, went away after Mann - Tonks remained, and was taken. I knew them all before.
Cross-examined. Q. Where were you? A. Sitting at the top of the bridge, about five yards from them, seeing the boys bathe; Arden saw me - Mann was on the top of the bridge at first, putting his stockings on; Arden had as good an opportunity as me, of seeing what became of the watch - he was two or three yards off - I do not know whether he saw it; I ran into the grove, and saw Mann put it into his pocket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BETTY
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for and took Tonks; Arden and Sewell were there - he said he had not got the watch; Sewell said, in his hearing, that a boy, named China Bob, snatched the watch, and handed it to Tonks who gave it to Mann.
Cross-examined. Q. He did not say he gave it to another boy, who gave it to Mann? He said it was given to Mann, who had been gone away about five minutes with it.


                  JAMES 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I apprehended Mann a week after the robbery; he cried, and said he was bathing, and knew nothing about the watch; Sewell said, that was the boy.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Mann's parents? A. Yes; they are honest people, and I never heard any harm of him.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I apprehended Sanderwick on the 2d of September - he was much confused - I told him the charge - he at last said, "Well, what do you think will be the consequence of it?" he afterwards said he knew nothing about it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Smellie, a pawnbroker. On the 7th of July this watch was pawned in the name of Barratt; I do not who by.
TONKS Defence. I sat on the bridge, seeing the boys bathe, a man came by with some beer, and I had a pint; I then saw a parcel of boys as if they were going to fight - I went to see what was the matter, and was charged with taking the watch; I heard a boy say, the boys who took it, had gone under the bridge, and I asked him to go there and look for it.
MANN's Defence. I was bathing and hearing a row, I dressed, and went up; they said a boy had stolen a watch.
SANDERWICK's Defence. I was bathing, and went up on hearing a noise; I asked what was the matter, nobody answered, and I went away.


                  JOHN 
                  MOORE
               



            . I live in Carlisle-street, Edgware-road, and am a marble-polisher. On the 7th of July, I was at the New-cut, minding Mann's clothes, he was in the water - Arden was crying about his watch, and afterMann had done bathing, he went to see what was the matter; he called to me for his clothes, and as I went up, I saw a boy put the watch into his waistcoat-pocket; I do not recollect seeing any of the prisoners there.
TONKS - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
SANDERWICK - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
Of stealing from the person only.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MANN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
