





377. 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     JORDAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of February
, a handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Martin
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I live in Eagle-street, Red Lion-square. On the 8th of February, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was coming up Holborn-hill


 - my handkerchief was safe when I was at the Tower, in my coat pocket. I was informed it was gone, I felt, and missed it. It was produced to me the next night. I did not see the prisoner. I left my address at the watch-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I am a constable. On the 8th of February, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was on Holborn-hill, on the opposite side to Mr. Martin, and saw the prisoner in company with two more running after the prosecutor. I watched them and saw, Jordan take the handkerchief out; they all ran up Union-court - I sent a man to stop the gentleman. I followed, and lost sight of them - I knew them before. I went towards Field-lane, and met Wilden, who accompanied me, and in West-street, I took Jordan; he was standing at the corner of a court in company with several more. I had taken the other two before that. I found the handkerchief in his hat with another; he said he bought them of a sailor. Mr. Martin claimed it, and produced the fellow one.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GEORGE THISLETON
               



            , I am a pawnbroker, and live in Charlotte-street, Battle-bridge. I was on Holborn-hill with Colton, and saw them following Mr. Martin - the prisoner took something from Mr. Martin's pocket, but I could not see what; he and one of the others run up Union-court. I went with Colton, and took the prisoner afterwards in West-street - he was with seven or eight more.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILDEN
               



            . I am a constable of Holborn. I met Colton, and went with him, and took Jordan, who stood with seven or eight more, and found two handkerchiefs in his hat - he said he bought them of a sailor half an hour before. The bill was thrown out against the other two.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was waiting in a public-house, and a sailor came in, who appeared distressed - he asked me to buy the two handkerchiefs for 8 s.; I gave him 6 s. for them. I put them into my hat, went out, and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
