





598. 
               
                  
                     JAMES EDWARD 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of April
, one handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Hodson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HODSON
               



            . I live at Worcester. On the 20th of April, about a quarter before nine o'clock in the evening, I was walking along Cheapside


, a gentleman came and asked if I had lost my handkerchief. I felt and missed it, and found the prisoner in custody with it - it was safe two minutes before.


                  GILES 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I live in Bell-yard, Fleet-street. I saw Mr. Hodson walking along with another gentleman, the prisoner and two others were behind them. I saw one of them hand the handkerchief to the prisoner - he was near enough to take it out of his pocket. He turned towards St. Paul's, and I laid hold of him, the others walked on. The prosecutor claimed it.


                  JOHN 
                  CLINTON
               



            . I am an officer. I saw a crowd and went up, the prisoner was trying to get from Stevens - he had got one arm out of his coat, and was slipping it off as I secured him. The gentleman fetched Mr. Hodson back. I found the handkerchief lying at the prisoner's heels - Hodson claimed it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I saw the handkerchief picked up at the prisoner's heels.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never had it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
