





224. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               bigamy
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am a surgeon, and live in Seymour-crescent, Euston-square. The prisoner resembles(the person, and, to the best of my knowledge, is) the person, who was married at St. Pancras New church, to 
               
                  
                     Rebecca 
                     Martin
                  



               
            , in 1822 - I attested the marriage, and acted as father to the bride - I have not seen her since.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Have you seen the husband since? A. No; to the best of my knowledge and belief, the prisoner is the man; I can almost swear positively to him; I believe he is the person; I cannot swear positively to any thing.


                  SARAH 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am sister to Mrs. Hall; her name was 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Martin
               



            ; I saw her last Sunday week.
Q. Did you see the prisoner living with her as her husband? A. Yes, for some time; I only knew of his visiting her once while single; I saw him three or four months before they were married; they lived together as man and wife somewhere about six years.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Where is Mrs. Hall? A. I do not know; I have not seen her since Sunday week, when she called on me; I did not often visit her while she was living with the prisoner - I was in the country three years of the time; I think I saw them living together half a dozen times before I went into the country, and I have seen them since.


                     SARAH 
                     DENNEY
                  



               
            . I was married to the prisoner at Islington, on the 22d of November
 last; I had some property - he got 100l. of it; he stayed with me till the next Wednesday morning, and was taken up that evening - I had not the least idea that he was married before.


                  HENRY 
                  BECK
               



            . I was apprentice to the prisoner; I knew his wife - her Christian name was Rebecca; they lived together till the 10th of November - her relations visited him; I have seen Sarah and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Martin
               



             there; I have seen my master write - I believe the signature to this register to be his writing.
COURT. Q. Where did he live, and what business did he carry on? A. A cabinet-maker, in Walbrook-place, Hoxton New town.


                  SARAH 
                  MARTIN
               



            . My sister can write - I know her hand-writing.
MR. BRODRICK. The register has Rebecca Martin's mark.


                  OCTAVIUS 
                  YOUNG THISSELTON
               



            . This is my writing, and Rebecca Martin's mark - she made the mark (producing the register.)
MR. BRODRICK. Q. Are you parish-clerk of St. Pancras? A. Yes; I wrote this attestation of her mark - she made the mark because she could not write her own name.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q.Have you not often known that persons who can write make this mark? Yes, it occurs nearly every day.


                  THOMAS 
                  EUSTACE
               



            . I am clerk to an attorney. I knew the prisoner, but not before be married Rebecca Martin; the prisoner gave me instructions to prepare a deed of separation between himself and his wife - she was named Rebecca, the wife of James Hall - her maiden name did not appear; this was in October last - he was living near Goswell-road; he never shewed me a certificate of his marriage.(Certificate read.)
Marriage solemnized in the parish church of St. Pancras, Middlesex, 1822 - John Hall and Rebecca Martin were married by banus, the 1st of July. By me, W. H. CHARLTON.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MERRY
               



            . I took the prisoner at the Wellington public-house in Goswell-street-road - I heckoned him out - he trembled exceedingly, and said what was the matter; I charged him with felony, and when I got him out, I said it was for marrying two wives; he said,"Can't it be settled?" I said "No; you must go before a Magistrate;" he went on about two hundred yards, and said, "I will give you 10l. a piece to let me go;" and a few yards farther he said, "i will make it 5l. more;" he said, "What can be done?" I said."I have the documents in my pocket;" "Then (said he) I am done, I shall be transported."
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q.Who was with you? A.Sanders; (who I did not then know was an officer) - the money was not offered that we might take him to the watch-house, and not to prison.


                  RICHARD 
                  SANDERS
               



            . I am a constable. I was present when the prisoner was taken - he wanted to settle it, and to take us to some house; we told him we could not settle it, we must take him to Worship-street - about two hundred yards further he offered us 10l. a piece; we said we could not take it - he then offered 5l. more.


                  DANIEL 
                  DOBELL
               



            . I am a boot-maker, and live at No. 42, St. John-square - I was at the Wellington public-house when the officer came; I followed the prisoner out and heard the conversation pass - he said he would give them 10l. if they would allow him to be locked up in the watch-house, and not take him to the New-prison Clerkenwell; they said they could not.
Prisoner's Defence. I offered them 10l. to treat me kindly, and not put hand-cuffs on me - I knew well I could not get away from two officers; I have no wife in existence but this lady, (Mrs. Denney) - I never left my home.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
