





736. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of May
, one gold ring, value, 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Bird
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .



                  ELIZA 
                  BIRD
               



            . I live at Little Russell-street, Bloomsbury


, and am a widow
. On the 3d of May, I was in the passage, going to the door, as the chimney-sweeps were before the door, making a noise. I was going to shut the door, when the prisoner rushed against me and prevented me; he called me his old mistress and other names; he was dressed as a sweep, with black face and clothes - not in ribbons; he wanted to kiss me - I pushed him away; he then asked me to shake hands - I had a gold ring on, he shook hands with me, and drew the ring off. I ran into the street and said,
"That man has got my ring off;" the people who had seen how he behaved to me, went after him. I saw him again at Bow-street the same night, but I could not swear to him. I cannot say he is the man, my sight is so bad; the ring was brought to me next morning by Johnson.


                  JOHN 
                  MATTHEW HARWOOD
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Eniker, who lives in Carey-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields. I saw the prisoner go up to the prosecutrix, and ask for money - she refused; he got on the step of the door, felt her pockets, and tried to kiss her - she pushed him away; he pretended to shake hands with her, left her, and shut the door after him, and was out of sight when the old lady opened the door and said, she had lost her ring. I described him to the constable, and saw him in custody about seven o'clock. I knew him to be the man, he was not dressed up as the sweeps are, he carried the box; his face was black, and so it was in the evening - I am sure he is the man.


                  MARY 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . My husband is a master sweep, we live in Steward's-rents, Drury-lane. We were out on the 1st of May, but not after; the prisoner gave me the ring the same day that the prosecutrix lost it - he said nothing; as soon as he gave it me, he ran away, and I did not see him again till I saw him at Bow-street. I knew him well by sight - I gave the ring to Turner.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am an officer; the last witness brought the ring to me on Friday morning, I have kept it ever since - I have known her three or four years.


                  JOHN 
                  JEWEL
               



            . I took the prisoner in Burnham-place.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
