





932. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     CADOZA
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of June
, one cask, value 3 s., and sixty-eight hats, value 9 l. 19 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Phineas 
                     Isaacs
                  




               
            .


                  PHINEAS 
                  ISAACS
               



            . I am a hatter
 and furrier
, and live in White-street, Houndsditch


. On the 14th of June I employed the prisoner to carry a cask of hats to the Three Cups inn, Aldersgate-street, to go to Gloucester. He delivered it safe; and on the 15th I sent him with another cask, containing 68 hats, to the same place - he never returned. They were directed to 
               
                  David 
                  Dyke
               



            , Cross, Gloucester, and were worth 10 l. I gave information to the officer, who took him on the Monday following. I never found it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HYAMS
               



            . I took the prisoner in Brick-lane - the moment I spoke to him he shewed fight. I secured him, and charged him with stealing Isaacs hats. He said I was no officer. I produced my staff - he said nothing. I found one hat on his head, which Mr. Isaacs claimed.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WRANGLE
               



            . I am book-keeper at the Three Cups inn. The prisoner delivered a chest of hats on the 14th of June - he brought none on the 15th; we received none that day. He came on the 15th, and asked me to let him have the chest back which he brought on the 14th.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DEAN
               



            . I work for Mr. Isaacs. My master gave the prisoner a chest on the 14th of June, which he delivered safe. Next day I helped to pack up another, containing sixty-eight hats. I saw about forty of them at the Mansion-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  SOLOMAN
               



            . I live at No. 152, Houndsditch. On the 15th of June, between five and six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner (I believe him to be the man) offered forty-two hats for sale, he had them in a bag. I gave him 10 d. each for them; they were new. It is a general price for common felt hats. They were in a rough state - they are very common felt. He was about ten minutes with me. I did not particularly notice him. I asked him who sent him to me - he said he brought them from a person opposite Whitechapel-church, I did not ask the name. I have very little doubt of his being the man.


                  JOHN 
                  LACY HAWKINS
               



            . I am a marshalsman. I went with a search-warrant, to Soloman's premises, and found three dozen and a half of hats.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
