





London Cases, First Jury.
Before Mr. Recorder.
47. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ATKINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of November
, a handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Cornelius 
                        Berry
                     




                  , from his person
            .
CORNELIUS BERRY. I am clerk
 to a merchant, and live in the Kent-road. On the 15th of November, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I was in Fleet-street


, and felt a pull at my outside coat pocket, nearly opposite to St. Dunstan's church. I immediately turned round, and saw the prisoner and another exchanging something from one to the other - I immediately felt my pocket, and missed my handkerchief; I took the prisoner into custody - his companion got away. I saw my handkerchief picked up at the prisoner's feet; he asked what I wanted of him; I asked him for my handkerchief. The officer immediately came and took him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me with the handkerchief? A. I saw him pass it to his companion when I turned round. I cannot be certain whether anybody was between me and him.


                  JOHN 
                  WOODWARD
               



            . I am a constable. I saw the prisoner, in company with another person, going up Fleet-street, behind this gentleman, about a minute before the robbery - I saw nobody between them; I was on the opposite side of the way, and saw one of the two lay hold of Mr. Berry's coat - a coach came between us, and I saw Mr. Berry lay hold of one of them - somebody who stood close by picked up the handkerchief - his companion passed on, towards the Strand. A coach passed, which prevented my taking hold of him.
JESSEE PHILLIPS. I live in Great Queen-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields, and deal in earthenware - my father keeps the house. I was in Fleet-street, with Woodward, and saw the prisoner and another person following the prosecutor, for about two minutes. I saw the prisoner have hold of the tail of the prosecutor's coat, endeavouring to take something out, but a hackney coach came between us, and I could not see whether he took anything. I picked the handkerchief up at his heels, and gave it to Woodward - we ran across directly we saw it - I got over before Woodward. I knew the prisoner before well. A silk handkerchief was found in his flap - he said it had no mark - it was marked E. B. I saw nobody pass between him and the prosecutor.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The gentleman was talking to me three or four minutes before the officer came up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
