





1020. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  PETERS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, 1 pocket-book, value 2s., the goods of a certain person whose name is unknown, from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am a provision merchant, and live in Queenhithe. I was in an office at the corner of Queenhithe


 on the 10th of March, between twelve and one o'clock in the day, and looking through the window I saw the prisoner in company with another man; the prisoner opened the pocket of a gentleman's coat, and took a pocket-book from it - I did not know the gentleman - he was unconscious of what had been done; I left the office, and pursued them till I found them gaining ground; I then called Stop thief! they had then got to the bottom of Maiden-lane - the prisoner turned to the right, towards the river; he was pursued and stopped by Three Cranes-wharf - I lost sight of him for about a moment, but swear to him; his companion went in a different way. The pocket-book has not been found - it was a black one.


                  JOHN 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a private in the 1st regiment of Guards. I was in Thames-street between twelve and one o'clock, and heard a cry of Stop thief! at the bottom of Queen-street - the prisoner came towards me - I pursued him down Thames-street, and stopped him, without losing sight of him; he threw something from his person as he ran- I saw his hand move from him: I gave him up to the constable, and went with them to Guildhall - I did not observe Mr. Allen till I got there. Before he was taken I saw him throw a tortoiseshall snuff-box away, which I picked up, and gave to the officer. Mr. Allen charged him with taking a pocket-book from a gentleman - he said nothing to the charge.


                  PETER 
                  BURNSKILL
               



            . I am in the coal trade. I was in Thames-street, and heard a cry of Stop thief! the prisoner was running. pursued by a crowd - I pursued, an I laid hold of him about the same time as Hall, without losing sight of him - I saw Mr. Allen in a minute or two, who said he saw him take a pocket-book from a gentleman's pocket: he said nothing to the charge - he threw a snuff-box away.


                  JAMES 
                  HARDY
               



            . I am an officer. I found the prisoner in custody - he said nothing to the charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I deny having the snuff-box.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
