





1007. 
               
                  ISAAC 
                  EVANS
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                     THOMAS 
                     STARLING
                  




               
            . I am an engraver
, and have a plan of the parish of St. Mary Islington - the prisoner was in my employ; he was to go round and shew this engraving; some of them were 5s., and some 16s., according to the size - he was to come to me every night, to state the result of his day's labour, and pay the money to me - he took a receipt-book with him and when he sold any, he was to give a receipt, and write the name on the margin of the book - he never accounted to me for monies received from Mr. Walker, Mr. Fieldhouse, and Cooper - he said they were out, and he was to call again on them.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. How did you pay him? A. By a commission on every subscriber he obtained; and he was occasionally employed in writing for me; I considered him as my servant; he received the money at the time he obtained the signatures and was then to have his commission, that was, before he delivered the plans - I have no recollection of having described him as my agent; there was not a debtor and creditor account between us.
Q. Did you ever call on him to become a witness for you at any trial? A. I wished him to become a witness about a fortnight before I made this discovery; which was on the 28th of March, and not before; he was to be witness about a dozen of these plans, which he had delivered to a shopkeeper.
Q. Did he refuse to become a witness? A. The case never came on; he refused by engaging to go to Wales - I knew he was going before that - he was examined four times on this charge.
Q. Did you not, after the first examination, apply to make it up? A. No: I should have been glad to have done it, and was applied to about it by Mr. Morley; I advanced him money from time to time, as he stated that he was very poor.


                  JAMES 
                  WALKER
               



            . I was to have a plan from the prosecutor; I paid the prisoner 5s, for it; it was since Christmas, but I cannot say when.


                  CHARLES 
                  FIELDHOUSE
               



            . I ordered a plan of the prisoner, and paid him 5s. about the 11th of February.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COOPER
               



            . I bought this plan of the prisoner, about the first week in February, and paid him 16s.


                  THOMAS 
                  STARLING
               



            . These sums have never been paid to me; they are entered in the receipt-book, and he has written there that he was to call again.
Prisoner's Defence. I called on Mr. Starling on the Friday before I was taken, and said I had used about 2l. of his money, as he owed me about 6l.; I had done so repeatedly before and he had consented to it; but on that day he had an action pending - he sent for an officer, and detained me; he has been with me frequently in prison, and trifled with my feelings very much.


                  FOSTER 
                  EDWARD ABEL
               



            . I am articled clerk to Mr. Bean - I have received two letters from the prosecutor, in which he describes the prisoner as his agent - I have not preserved the letters.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
