







London Cases, Second Jury.
Before Mr. Recorder.
1781. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  YATES
               




            , 
               
                  JONATHAN THOMAS 
                  JOHNSON
               




            , and 
               
                  JAMES HUNTER 
                  GRAY
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of October
, a backgammon-board, value 22 s.; thirty-two chessmen, value 7 l. 7 s.; thirty draftsmen, value 18 s. 6 d., and two ivory dice boxes, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Dunnett, the younger




            .
MR. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.
MR. JAMES DUNNETT. I live in Cheapside


. On the 4th of October, the prisoner, Yates, came to my shop; I did not know him before; he looked out the goods stated in the indictment, amounting to 11 l. 1 s. 6 d., and desired me to send them particularly at six o'clock to a direction which he wrote in my presence, (reading it) "Craggs and Co., 205, Upper Thames-street," for his chaise would be at the door, and he was going out of town - the bill was to be sent, and they were to be paid for on delivery. I sent Hutron, my porter, with them, at ten minutes before six o'clock, and followed him myself, as he had left one of the pieces of chess-men behind him. I told him not to leave them without the money, and if he did not get it, to bring them back. I arrived there before the porter, and saw no chaise at the door; I knocked, and Mrs. Lodge opened it; I asked for Mr. Craggs, supposing him to be Mr. Craggs, and without answering my question, she opened the door. I saw Johnson and Gray; I asked Gray if Mr. Craggs was within? (I had not heard the name of Yates at that time) Gray said, "No;" Johnson immediately said, "Dear me, I am astonished you did not see Mr. Craggs, for he has this moment gone out of the counting-house door." I had passed nobody as I went in, or I must have seen him. I returned home without seeing the porter, and in about ten minutes he brought the goods back. Next morning, about half-past nine o'clock, I went to the counting-house, taking the articles, the porter being engaged. Mrs. Lodge opened the door. I staid a quarter of an hour, but saw neither of the prisoners. I was induced to leave the backgamon-table, containing the drafts and boxes, seeing the name of Lodge, sextoness, on the door, I thought the house respectable. I returned home - it was before eleven o'clock, and sent my man immediately, telling him to wait till he saw some of the persons; he was gone about five hours, and returned without goods or money. I went again that day, and saw Gray - told him my porter had come back, stating that a note had been received from Mr. Yates, and that it was rather singular Mr. Yates should desire me to send the goods and receive the money, and no one had been there to pay for them. Gray handed me the note, after reading it. I asked him where Mr. Yates lived; he said he believed about Edmonton, but really he could not say for certain, for he had only been in his service three days - nothing else passed - I left. I went next morning at half-past nine o'clock, and remained there five or six hours. Mrs. Lodge opened the desk - there was nothing there but rubbish; there was a ledger on the desk - I opened it - the date of the last entry was fifteen years ago. I found my goods at Rochford's.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. You left part of the goods? A. The backgammon table and drafts. I was not asked to leave them; I brought the chessmen away, and sent the porter with them - they were worth 7 l.; I never saw Yates there. I understood, from the conversation I had with Mrs. Moss, that Craggs and Yates were the same persons. I never countermanded the order I first gave the porter, nor did I repeat it.


                  PHILIP 
                  HURRON
               



            . On the 4th of October my master sent me with these goods to Upper Thames-street; I got there at five minutes past six o'clock; there was no chaise at the door; a girl let me in, and Mrs. Lodge shewed me into the counting-house; I asked for Mr. Gray - she said they had been gone out about 5 minutes, and went for somebody, but no one came. I took the goods back, went again next morning, a little after eleven o'clock, and saw Gray - I asked him if Mr. Craggs was in the way - he said he would be in in a few minutes, he expected - that he was detained coming from the country, and so stopped at the Exchange, as he was a gentleman who used the Exchange; he said he would be in in a few minutes, and if not he would not be there till two o'clock; I waited a few minutes; he then said it was no use waiting - he did not then expect him till after 'Change was over. I said I had got a parcel for Mr. Gray - he said I might leave it, and on presenting it to him he did not open it; it was packed in brown paper; I said it was a set of chessmen, from Mr. Dunnett - he said it was quite right, and perfectly safe; I had a bill with me, and a blank receipt stamp; my master had told me to leave them, and receive the money; he had desired me on the Tuesday evening not to leave them without the money - that order was never changed. I left the bill and goods, as Gray told me Mr. Dunnett had left part himself that morning; I left them in consequence of that. I told him I was to have the money, or not leave them - he said they were perfectly safe there, and if Mr. Craggs should call before two o'clock he would leave the money; sometimes the name of Craggs was used, and sometimes Yates. Gray said if Mr. Craggs did not leave the money he would leave the address where I might find him, and he would pay me - that Mr. Yates was a gentleman who used Hambro'-wharf, the Exchange, and Hambro'-coffee-house - that Hambro'-wharf was written up in large gold letters, and asked if Iknew Mr. Yates; I said I did not, for I had not seen him. I then left the goods, and went home - I told my master; he desired me to go back immediately for the goods or money; (this was Wednesday morning.) I went immediately, and got there about twelve o'clock, saw Gray, and asked if Mr. Craggs had been in - he said he had, and had taken the chessmen out with him, and he thought he was gone to Mr. Dunnett's, to pay for them; I waited there till half-past four o'clock, and just before I came away a note was brought, which Gray opened, looked it over, and said, Mr. Yates was detained at the London-docks, and would not be there any more that evening - as he was seeing some wine shipped, and Gray was to say if the man called about the chessmen, they were approved of, and to call next morning for the money; I went out, and waited an hour and a half outside, to see if any body went in, but nobody came; I did not see Gray go out - there was another door, opening into the court, which he might have gone out of, without my seeing him. It was four o'clock when he said Yates was at the London-docks.


                  ROBERT 
                  PIKE
               



            . I am in the employ of Mrs. Rochford, pawnbroker, Jermyn-street, St. James's. On the 5th of October, about half-past 7 o'clock in the evening, Yates and Johnson brought this backgammon board and men to pawn, they came into the counting-house behind the shop, they were brought with a writing-desk and dressing-case. Yates said he wanted to raise money on them, I think he asked for 15 l. or 16 l., I agreed to lend 4 l. on the articles now produced; he wished them put separately for the convenience of redeeming them, and gave me the name of Matthew Yates, Watling-street, a housekeeper; Johnson said nothing except admiring the things, and asked my opinion as to what was paid for them. They went away together; the goods have not been redeemed. The board came packed in brown paper, and the men in tissue paper, as the manufacturer would pack them.
Prisoner YATES. Q. On your oath did I give my name Matthew Yates? A. That is on the duplicate, I put the name he gave me, and gave him a duplicate with that on it, and he did not object to it. They brought the box of chessmen a short time before, and another young man advanced something on them, and, in a short time, they brought these things. I cancelled the first transaction by their desire, and put them together for 4 l.
COURT Q. Did you know Yates before? A. Yes. I did not know whether he was concerned in shipping. He has pawned goods, and named a time for redeeming them, and always did so.


                  MARY 
                  ANN LODGE
               



            . My husband rents this house, No. 205, Upper Thames-street. Yates took the counting-house on the 5th of August, in the name of Yates, and a week afterwards "Cragg's and Co." was written up on the door; nobody slept there. There are two doors, one leads into a court, and the other into the street. In a week or two Gray came there sometimes late, and at times early; he stopped an hour or two, sometimes only ten minutes. He used to write and answer people who came with things, Johnson used to come at times daily, and then not for a few days. I remember Hurron bringing these goods, and I saw Mr. Dunnet bring a parcel, which he left in the morning. I did not see Yates there that day. I left Hurron in the counting-house; Grey was there. When Mr. Dunnet came I opened the desks, the prisoners never appeared there afterwards - they had given me no notice - my rent was not paid.
Prisoner YATES. Q. Did we leave any property in the place? A. No, - Yes, there were a set of globes quite new - I saw them in custody about a week after - I found a pocket book in their possession.
HURRON. I left the goods on Wednesday, the 5th.


                  ROBERT 
                  LOCK
               



            , I am an officer. I apprehended Johnson and Gray on the 8th, in White-street, Moorfields. I received Yates from St. George's watch-house on the following Monday.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
YATES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.
GRAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 76.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
