





528. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  LITTLEJOHN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, 4 spoons, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Alexander William 
                  Browne
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BROWNE
               



            . I am the wife of Alexander William Browne - he is drum-major
 of the first regiment of the Tower-hamlet militia; we live in Shacklewell-road


. I went out between five and six o'clock in the evening of the 12th of January, and left my spoons safe on the sideboard in the front parlour; I returned at twenty minutes before six o'clock, and met the prisoner coming from the parlour; I heard some noise, went to the side-board, and missed the spoons; I went out, but could not see him- I went over to his mother.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  BROWNE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's daughter. The prisoner came to our house that evening, took a chair, and sat down by the fire, in the room where the spoons were - I did not see him take anything, but I went to open the door for my mother; I saw them just before - he said he came to see if his mother had been there; he got up, and went away just as my mother came in.


                  PHILIP 
                  PARISH
               



            . I am a patrol. I took up the prisoner on the 30th of January; I told him it was for a robbery at Shacklewell; he pretended at first not to know anything about it; I said it was a place where five spoons were stolen - he said, "Oh, at Browne's, there were but four spoons."


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I received the prisoner from Parish - I said it was about five spoons; he said there were but four; I asked him for the duplicate - he said they were not pawned, but he gave them to a person to sell, and his share of the money was 1l. 5s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
