





262. 
               
                  MARY ANN 
                  RUSH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of December
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Rush
                     



                  , 4 gowns, value 50s.; 1 pelisse, value 50s.; 2 shawls, value 25s.; 1 bonnet, value 20s.; 1 book, value 9s.; 1 spencer, value 12s.; 2 petticoats, value 6s.; 2 ribbons, value 2s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s., and 1 apron, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Rush
               




            .
SUSANNAH RUSH. The prisoner is my sister. She came to our house, to stop, the latter end of November; on the 11th of December, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, having received information that the house was robbed, I went home, and missed the articles stated in the indictment - they are worth between 8l. and 9l. - I had seen them all safe that morning, in my box, except the pelisse, which hung in the bed-room, where the box was - I saw that safe; I did not see the prisoner again till the 14th, when she was at Queen-square Office; she then had one of my gowns on, also my Leghorn bonnet and shawl; my only motive in appearing against her is to keep her out of the streets - she has been that way for six years.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SLYFIELD
               



            . On the 14th of December I met the prisoner, and gave her in charge.


                  JOHN 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I am a constable. I received the prisoner in charge, at a lodging-house, No. 5, Duck-lane, Westminster. Slyfield sent for me there; she was standing in the passage. I asked what room she occupied; she took me up stairs, showed me her room, and in a drawer there I found a duplicate; the prosecutrix claimed the clothes she had on: after her examination, I was taking her to Tothill-fields, and asked her what had become of a pelisse and Prayer-book - I did not threaten nor promise her any thing; she walked on, and in about five minutes said they were at Mr. Well's, a pawnbroker, at High-street, Kensington, and that the duplicates were all destroyed. I went to the prosecutrix's house, in Leader-street, Chelsea, and took her with me to Well's; they there produced three gowns, a Prayer-book, and one or two more articles.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and have a shawl pawned in the name of Caroline Green, but I cannot say who she was; I gave her one of the duplicates produced.


                  THOMAS 
                  NEATE
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Wells, of Kensington - he is a pawnbroker; the prisoner pawned a pelisse for 16s. 6d., and on the 12th of December a Prayer-book for 3s., also two gowns and a spencer for 8s.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I leave myself to the mercy of the Court, seeing my friends have no mercy for me.
GUILTY. Aged 23.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
