





461. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     NORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of February
, three 1 l. Bank notes, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Day
                        




                     
                  , his property
            .
THOMAS DAY. On the 14th of February, I took a coach at Charing-cross, the prisoner drove it. I sat on the box with him; he drove me to Westminster-bridge, I ordered him to turn and drive to Chandos-street. I was not sober. We got down at the wine vaults at the corner; but before this, we were in the Ship, public-house, and I felt a hand in my breeches pocket. We went again to the Ship and stopped there. I called for two half-pints of pearl. I asked his demand, he said a guinea, but as I had been good to him, a 1 l. note would satisfy him. I took three 1 l. notes from my breeches pocket, which I deposited with the landlady; she gave the prisoner 1 l., and returned them to me: she put them into my breeches-pocket. I went into the tap-room; I again found his hands in my pocket; I felt, and told the landlord my money was missing, he felt, and it was gone; the prisoner said,
"it cannot be gone, let me feel." He took the two notes from his own pocket, and put them into mine, then took them out, and put them on the table; the landlord put them again into my pocket, and went to look for a friend to take me home, and during that time, the prisoner went away. The landlord returned, I told him my notes were gone. When I first went out, I had eight 1 l. notes, and 18 s., I changed two notes, and lost six. I felt his hand in my pocket twice.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODERICK. - Q. Did not you give him two notes. - A. No, nor did he give change for a note. I took the coach at nine o'clock, and kept it till half-past ten. I recollect very well what passed, after I got to Chandos-street.
JOHN PARKER. On the 14th of February, about half-past ten o'clock, the prisoner drove to my door, (the Ship, in Chandos-street


), he came in with the prosecutor and drank some purl. I advised him to go home, as he was rather tipsy; he asked the prisoner his demand; he said it ought to be a guinea, but a pound would do. Day gave my wife three notes; she gave the prisoner one, and returned the rest - he put them in his pocket. I went out and took the number of his coach, as I thought hecharged more than he ought. When I returned, Day missed his notes: I also felt and missed them - the prisoner felt, and pretended to find them; he produced them; I put them into the prosecutor's pocket - he sent me for a friend - when I returned he missed them again.


                  RICHARD 
                  MUNDAY
               



            . On the 14th of February, I went to the prisoner's lodgings, in Church-lane, Strand, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, and found the prisoner in bed; and in his breeches pocket I found three 1 l. notes, which I produce.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say the prosecutor gave them to him - A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAY
               



            . They are my three notes. I know them by the dates and signatures.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
