






1790. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PARTRIDGE
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of October
, a watch, value 3 l.; two seals, value 2 l.; a handkerchief, value 3 s.; a sovereign; a crown, and 10 s., the property of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Russell
                     




                  , from his person
            .
SAMUEL RUSSELL. I am a stone-mason
, and work for Mr. Malcolm, who is building the New Post-office. On Sunday, the 23d of October I had been a short distance from town to see a friend; I was returning home quite sober, along Aldersgate-street, and about a quarter before twelve o'clock at night, I met two girls, and went home with them to James'-court, James'-street, St. Lukes'


, into the lower room of a house; and I gave one of them 3 s. for the use of the room; she said she was hungry, and went out to get bread and cheese; but did not return. I went to bed with the girl who remained; I felt my watch in the fob of my breeches when I pulled them off - it was a silver watch, and had two gold seals to it. There was a sovereign, a crown piece, and 10 s. in my left-hand breeches' pocket. I put my breeches under the pillow when I got into bed. In about two minutes three men came into the room; I am quite certain the prisoners were two of them. They all began swearing at me for being there; and Partridge told me for a b - r to get up; and asked where his wife was; the girl who was in bed with me, said his wife was gone out, and would not be a minute, and that I was a friend of her's; he again told me to get out of bed - she said, "O! never mind, don't make such a noise;" and told me to lie still, and never to mind them. I said, "I hope you won't ill use me." The woman then took my breeches from under the pillow, and took the watch out of the pocket; I saw it in her hand, and the seals hanging down, but I dare not speak; I was afraid; the men were not swearing then; she got out of bed and went to them, and they pushed each other about. I saw her give the watch to Smith; I took my trousers, and said to them all, "You have got my watch and money;" Smith said, "you are a d - d liar." They then all went out together, and left me in the room - I got up and dressed. I then missed a silk handkerchief, which had been lying on the table, but I had not seen them take it. I immediately went to the watchman, and described all the parties. I have never seen any of the property since. Smith was taken that night, and the others the following morning. I had only had one pint of beer that day.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Is this the way in which you generally spend Sunday? A. No, but I was rather late that night; I was quite sober; I had been to Pimlico to see a man and his wife; I had only had dinner and tea, and had no liquor all the way home. These women enticed me away, or I should not have gone; there was one candle in the room when I went to bed; I was in a great fright at seeing the three men in the room, but I know I saw the woman take my watch and money. I had not given her any thing.
Prisoner SMITH. Q. Did not I stop in the room with you, after the others were gone? A. No, you went out with them.


                  EDWARD 
                  HANDS
               



            . I am a watchman. The prosecutor came to me as I was calling the hour of twelve, and described what had happened. I believe him to have been perfectly sober. He said there were three men who came into the room; but he did not say what sort of men they were; I had seen three men go down the court; he took me down and shewed me the room; I looked all over it, to find his property, but I could see none. I said "I saw two girls go down with you, and I know one of them." I asked him if he would wish to find his property; he said "Yes;" and I took him to the watch-house, where he gave his orders. As we came back I saw a girl and took her. I then went down the court, and heard a bustle in the room - I went to the window and heard three men talking. Smith was one; he uttered an oath, and said, "We are all right;" - he then came to the door, and said, "Watchman give me a light to my pipe." - I caught hold of him, and took him to the watch-house - he wanted to know what for - I said "Come to the watch-house and you will know."
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the men come into the court? A. Yes; I do not believe that Partridge was one of them; I was close to them, and they were near a door which leads to the room. Smith I am sure was one, but I do not think Partridge was - it was before the robbery that I saw them go down the court.
COURT. Q. Had you known these men before? A. I had known Smith by sight - I do not know who was in the room with him, when he used the language I have described.


                  MARTIN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am constable of the night, and was on duty at the watch-house. The prosecutor came with the watchman, and stated he had been robbed of his watch, and money. Partridge was taken the next day, at theBaker and Basket, public-house, where he came while I and Smith were waiting there; the prosecutor said - "That is one of them." I said, "Are you sure?" he said, Yes, he was. I made him stand up again, he said he was sure of it. I called him out and told him: he made no resistance, but said he would willingly go with me any where.
Prisoner SMITH. Q. Did you not say at Worship-street, you did not think it was me who used that expression? A. No - I did not.
SAMUEL RUSSELL re-examined. Q. How long were the three men in the room with you? A. Not above two or three minutes - I will swear positively that Partridge was one.
Cross-examined. Q. What part of the room was the candle in? A. On the mantel-piece - the bed was on the right-hand side of the room opposite to the candle - I was lying in the bed - any person coming in, would be between me and the light.
JURY. Q. Did you say Partridge was the man who asked about his wife? A. Yes.
SMITH'S Defence. I work at Pimlico, and went to this court, as I knew the girl who lives in the house. I went into the room, and she got up, and ran out with the two men - I asked the prosecutor what was the matter - and staid in the room and looked for his watch. I do not know whether he was in the room or not - I do not think he was. I went down to the room again, in about an hour to see for her, and the watchman took me.
PARTRIDGE. I was at home that night at about ten minutes past eleven o'clock.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
PARTRIDGE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
