





1453. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NORMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of August
, two seals, value 2 l., a key, value 5 s., and a ring, value 20 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Middleditch
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MIDDLEDITCH
               



            . I was in Great Prescot-street


 on the 22d of August, about half-past nine o'clock in the evening, walking with my wife; the prisoner came up suddenly - and gave me a sort of pinch; he darted from me. I missed my seals and ring from my watch, I followed, and cried Stop thief! three men followed him from the corner and ran after him; there was some communication between them, but I could not see what it was. I pursued him through several streets, and at last secured him. I have not found the property.
Prisoner. I was stopped by another person in Chamber-street - Witness. He was stopped by another person, but we were all close together. He made great resistance at first, and endeavoured to get away. I should have lost him, and been worn out with struggling if a patrol had not come up. I am certain he is the same person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TURNER
               



            . Last Monday week I saw the prisoner make a snatch at the last witness's fob; he crossed close by me, but I did not follow him.


                  RICHARD 
                  SKINNER
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody in Red-Lion-street - I took him to the watch-house; he said he knew nothing at all about it. He went quiet enough with me.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going out in an American ship. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and as I was running in Chamber-street a man put out his hand, and stopped me, and said I was the man. I said if I was the man I would go with him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
