





1988. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of October
, 2 shirts, value 10s.; 1 table-cloth, value 1s.; 1 night-cap, value 6d.; 1 bed-gown, value 3d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d.; 1 petticoat, value 6d.; 1 pair of gloves, value 3d.; 1 cravat, value 2s.; 1 cap, value 6d., and 1 handkerchief, value 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Dales
                     




                  , widow
, from her person
            .
ANN DALES. I am a widow, and live in Thomas-street, Brick-lane. On the 18th of October I was in Brick-lane


, with these articles in a bundle; I went into the Crown public-house, and got a glass of gin - I came out again, and in a minute I was knocked down by a blow on the head, from a woman, and my bundle taken from me; I screamed out "I am robbed," and begged them to return it, as they did not belong to me. I received it fromtwo men in lest than two minutes. The prisoner is quite a stranger.


                  THOMAS 
                  FOWLES
               



            . On the evening of the 18th of October I was at the corner of Slater-street, Brick-lane, and saw the prosecutrix with her bonnet torn, and a mob round her; she then had the bundle in her hand; the prisoner was there, and said she was her aunt; I brought her to the light, and the prosecutrix said she was no relation.


                  ROBERT 
                  GARRATT
               



            . I was at the corner of Slater-street, saw a mob, and went up - the prosecutrix said,"For God's sake, give me the things - I am robbed;" the prisoner was there, and kept calling her aunt and mother - the prisoner then had the bundle, and was going away; I snatched it from her, and gave it to the prosecutrix.


                  FREDERICK 
                  OSMAN PRESTED
               



            . I saw this disturbance. I saw the prisoner and the prosecutrix just after they came out of the public-house - the prisoner then had the bundle, and said, "Come along aunt;" she seemed to be going on; the bundle was taken from her - she then flew at the prosecutrix, and tore her bonnet.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the public-house - we came out together, and get into a few words; I was rather intoxicated, and she said I had robbed her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
