






102. 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     MARKS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RYAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of November
, a watch, value 30 s.; a chain, value 5 s.; and two seals, value 5 s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Cotton
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  COTTON
               



            . I live in John-street, Berkley-square. On Monday, the 11th of November, when Hunt came to town, I was in Pall Mall


, about half-past twelve o'clock, there was a great crowd - my watch was in my fob; the outside case was gold. I stood on the step of a public-house at the corner of John-street, and in four or five minutes a man (who had hold of Marks came up.) and asked if I had lost anything; I felt and missed my watch - there were a great many people about the door. It was sent to me on the Friday following in a brown paper parcel; I do not know who from.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a constable of St. Pancras. I was in Pall Mall, and saw the prisoners in company together, at the door of the Goat, public-house. I watched them, and in a minute I saw Mr. Cotton; they were on each side of him - he stood between them at the door. I saw Marks draw a watch from somebody, and give it to Ryan. I pushed Marks into the public-house, and secured him.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. How long have you been an officer - A. Not quite a year. There might be seven or eight persons about him.


                  GEORGE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a constable of Clerkenwell. I was in Pall Mall, and saw the prisoners there - I had seen Marks before, but not in company with the other; he and Ryan stood on the steps. Mr. Cotton appeared to be hustled, and in a very little time Hunt's coach came up; I tried to get into the passage of the house, and three or four who stood in front said there was no room. I forced myself in, and asked Mr. Cotton if he had lost anything; I had seen nothing taken, I only suspected - he said his watch was gone. Marks stood next to him I assisted in securing him. Ryan went away. I found a watch on Marks, which was his own. He cried and said he was innocent.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLENSBY
               



            . I am a private watchman to Mr. Whitmore. I was in Pall Mall with Taylor, and saw the prisoners, and followed them to the Goat - I saw Marks on one side of Mr. Cotton and Ryan on the other. I kept my eye on them, and saw them very busy doing something, what I could not tell. Taylor caught hold of Marks, and he was secured. I saw Ryan at Worship-street, about twenty minutes past three o'clock that day, and identified him as having been in Marks's company.
MARKS'S Defence. I was only standing at the door, and am as innocent as my five babies at home.


                  DAVID 
                  WARD
               



            . I am a wine cooper. I was in Pall Mall, in the Goat, and saw Marks there; but saw him take no watch - I must have seen him if he had. I was behind him, and think he could not take it without my seeing him. There was great confusion - I did not see Ryan.
COURT. Q. Did you hear of a watch being taken - A. Taylor asked the gentleman if he had lost anything - I did not hear his answer. I could not see his hands. I can swear I never saw him take anything; he might take it without my seeing him - I was about a yard from him, behind. I do not think any body was between us; I dare say there was. I said nothing to the officers, but gave Marks my card in Pall Mall; I got it written down. I toldhim I would speak for him; but did not tell him what I could prove. I live in Blucher-buildings, Dorsetshire-place.


                  GEORGE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I recollect seeing this witness there. When I took Marks into the room, he said,
"You may depend upon it you have got the wrong man" - I told him to mind his own business; he said he stood behind and was certain he saw him do nothing, and it was a pity a man should be lugged away in that manner. He did stand behind him.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . I apprehended Ryan in the City-road, between three and four o'clock that day. I had not heard of this charge then. Harris swore to him at the office.
MARKS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.
RYAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Life
            .
