





1243. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DONWORTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of October
, one watch, value 1 l.; two seals, value 2 l., and one key, value 1 d., the goods of Sir 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lade
                        




                     
                  , Bart
., from his person
            .
SIR 
               
                  JOHN 
                  LADE
               



            , BART. On the 2d of October, I went out of my house at Kensington-gore


, to speak to a friend at the door, between eleven and twelve o'clock - there was a great crowd - somebody came up, hit me very hard, and my watch was immediately pulled from my pocket; I turned round and saw a man running away swinging it in his hand. I called Stop thief! he was pursued, and in about half an hour I heard the man and the watch were taken. I cannot say the prisoner is the man.


                  JAMES 
                  GRAY
               



            . I live at Kensington. I saw the prisoner running across a grass field by the road, about half-past eleven o'clock - he jumped over a fence into a ditch, and ran along the ditch - I stopped him, he took hold of a tree, and got out of the ditch; I seized him again, King came to my assistance, and as we were taking him back he slipped his arms out of his jacket, and got away. We took him again. Gallon found the watch in the hollow tree.


                  JAMES 
                  KING
               



            . I was at the corner of Gore-lane, and saw the prisoner run past with something like a blue watch-ribbon in his hand - the prosecutor was running, and called Stop thief! the prisoner ran down a lane, broke through a gap, and got into a field; I followed him, and saw him running along a dry ditch. Gray took him. I saw the watch found in the hollow tree - I had seen him go to that tree.


                  HENRY 
                  YATES
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was given into my charge in the field. I took him to a public-house. Gallon delivered me the watch.


                  THOMAS 
                  GALLON
               



            . I heard the alarm, saw the prisoner come out of the ditch, and go to the tree. Gray secured him, he got from him, but was taken again directly. Some men came up, said he was not the man, and called out to knock the man down who held him. Three men went towards the tree, I followed them, one of them had his hand in the tree when I went up; they said the watch was not there, and wanted me to go to the next tree, but I shoved them away, and found the watch there.


                  ISAAC 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I was walking in the nursery, saw a mob, and heard the cry of Stop thief; I jumped over to the field, and saw the prisoner at the foot of the tree - Gray and King secured him, he ran away, leaving his jacket in their hands, and I stopped him. Some men came up, and said the thimble (which means a watch), was not in the tree - Gallon found it there.


                  GEORGE 
                  HEALL
               



            . I was working in the nursery-ground - a procession was going to the Queen - I saw the prisoner run down the field, and jump into a ditch. I saw him at the tree the watch was found in. Gray secured him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I heard an alarm, and saw the man jump into the ditch, and followed him some distance, they came and charged me with it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years. - 



                     Penitentiary
                  
.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
