





1195. 
               
                  ABRAHAM 
                  REUBEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of May
, 1 sovereign, and 1 purse, value 1d.
            , the property of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Fitzgerald
               




            .


                  DIANA 
                  FITZGERALD
               



            . I am the wife of Edward Fitzgerald - we live opposite the Jews' chapel, Bethnal-green. On the 19th of May, in the evening, I was out shoping in Whitechapel


 - I had my purse, containing a sovereign and a half-crown in my basket - I stood some time looking at a new linen-draper's shop in Whitechapel - I did not see the prisoner do any thing - I went on further and turned back to buy some cotton at the shop - I felt for my money, and it was gone - I seemed confused, and said I had lost my money and purse - while I was talking to the shopman, the master told me to go to the officer, and saw Keys, who had got it.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was on duty in Whitechapel, and saw the prisoner with another person go up to the mob at the new linen-draper's shop, at the corner of Essex-street; I saw them both very active at the baskets and reticules - they went close up to the prosecutrix - the prisoner was nearest, his companion closed behind him, and all in a moment he turned back and bolted up Essex-street - I followed, collared him, and said, "I know you have got it, tip it up;" he said, "I have done nothing - I picked it up" - I said, "Give it me;" and he gave me this purse; Fowler came up - I gave him to him- I went to the shop and gave notice that I had found a purse - the prosecutrix came that evening, and claimed it.


                  JAMES 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I was with Keys, and saw the whole- his account is correct.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
