






365. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BENNETT
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               misdemeanour
            .


                     THOMAS 
                     PEWTRES
                  



               
            . I am a stationer


, in partnership with 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Low
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Pewtres
                  



               
            ; we live in Gracechurch-street


. On the 29th of January the prisoner came to our shop, said he resided at Bishop Stortford, and had been pastor to a Baptist church there twelve months; that the people were poor, and could only raise him 50 l, a year - that he had an assistant to maintain, and found himself deficient; and his friends recommended him to open a shop in the linen-drapery or stationery line, he wished to commence in a small way, and should take 10 l. or 15 l. worth of goods. Believing his account to be correct, we agreed to supply him; he wished to have them immediately, as he was going to Bishop Stortford by coach next day. We promised him part if we could not get all ready. I made out a list of them, and our young man packed them up - they amounted to between 8 l. and 9 l.


                  JOHN 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am apprentice to the prosecutors. I looked out the order, and was packing the goods up when the prisoner came in, and asked if they were ready. I said I had got part of them ready, and would send them immediately. He said he could wait nearly an hour, if I could get the whole. I said we had got up what he would want most, and he appeared satisfied. I sent them to the New Inn, in the Old Bailey, directing them,
"Mr. Bennett, passenger, Bishop Stortford." When the porter returned, he said Mr. Bennett told him the coach was gone, and he would be glad if I could pack the rest, and send them next day.


                  JOHN 
                  FREESTON
               



            . I am a porter. I took the goods to the New Inn, and saw the prisoner; he said he was too late for the coach; and asked me to take them into the public-house, which I did. He said,
"This is not all, I wish you would bring the rest to-morrow by twelve o'clock." I took another parcel next day there for him; my master came up with an officer, and took him. We then went to his lodgings, and found the first parcel, at Drury-lane.
JAMES LOW. I am in partnership with Messrs. Pewtres. On the 29th of January being informed the defendant was an impostor, I went with our porter to the New Inn, gave him in charge, and enquired what had become of the goods? He expressed his willingness to return them if I pardoned him. He said they were at a room in Drury-lane, which he had taken the night before. I went and found the goods unopened.


                  GEORGE 
                  HAZLEWOOD WORRALL
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the prisoner, and found two duplicates on him, a red book, and a parcel of knives, and the key of his room. I found the property in his room, No. 3, Pitt's-court, Drury-lane. He went by the name of Mansfield, there.


                  JOHN 
                  PRATT
               



            . I live at Bishop Stortford, am a clock and watchmaker, and a member of the Baptist church; the prisoner was not pastor there, had no salary of 50 l. a year, nor did he live there - it is all untrue. He preached there a few times, occasionally, but never a fortnight together; they gave him 1 l. for preaching on a Sabbath. He slept at my house two nights, and said he was a painter.
Prisoner's Defence. It is with feelings I cannot describe, or express, that I stand here; little did I think a few months ago that I should be placed in such circumstances. I am not able to employ counsel, but if I was I should not, as I know your Lordship's known humanity will mention to the Jury every favourable circumstance in my case. I gave them information where to find the goods; for after I got them my conscience would not let me part with them. The moment I saw Mr. Dean, (my prosecutor in another indictment,) I told him I had injured him. As to my altering my name, it was because I was ashamed of what I had done. I am glad they have got their goods back, Nothing but the greatest distress caused me to do it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
