





1521. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  DAVIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of July
, twenty-one handkerchiefs, value 4 l.; two shawls, value 30 s.; a collar, value 1 s.; three yards of drill, value 7 s.; five yards of lutestring, value 5 s., and four pairs of stockings, value 8 s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Shoosmith
                     




                  , his master, in his dwelling-house
            .
WILLIAM SHOOSMITH. I am a linen-draper
, and live at the corner of Oxford-street


. The prisoner was between two and three months in my service. On the morning of the 13th of July, I missed from my shop a linen shirt collar - I asked if he knew any thing about it - he said he did not - I said he must, as I had seen it inthe drawers a very few days before, and had intended to take it away - there was no one there but him, my wife, and myself - he then acknowledged that he did take it away, but did not tell me where it was - I said I had missed several other things, and he must have taken them away - he denied it - I said I should like to see his box - he went up stairs very readily and opened it, and turned out two or three pairs of gloves, which I believe belonged to me - on opening a hymn-book there, I found a number of duplicates of my property - I asked whose they were - he said they were not his - I said, "How came they to be pawned in your name?" he said they belonged to a youth of his acquaintance, who lived at a cutler's shop in Martin's-court - I said that was not likely - he was then taken into custody by the officer, who found the collar in his coat pocket - we went round to different pawnbrokers, and found most of the articles - they are articles which I deal in, and I had missed similar articles from my shop - there are no marks on any but the shawl, which is worth about 16 s. - there is no single article worth 40 s.


                  GEORGE 
                  POYLE
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker of Broad-street, St. Giles'. I have a black silk handkerchief pawned for 4 s. 4 d., and a Belcher handkerchief pawned for 2 s. 6 d., by the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  SHILLRICK
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker of Wardour-street. I have a handkerchief pawned by the prisoner on the 26th of June.


                  THOMAS 
                  JEROME
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a silk handkerchief pawned by the prisoner on the 14th of June, and another, which I did not take in.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and have two silk handkerchiefs - one pawned on the 25th of June, for 2 s. 6 d., and the other on the 14th of June, for 2 s. The prisoner pawned one - I did not take in the other.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SUTHMIER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and have a handkerchief pawned on the 29th of June, in the name of James Davis. I do not know who by.


                  MICHAEL 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a handkerchief pawned, I believe by the prisoner, on the 21st of June.


                  JOHN 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a shawl pawned, to the best of my knowledge by the prisoner, on the 5th of July, and three handkerchiefs, on different days.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOSEPH 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am an officer. I found these duplicates in the prisoner's hymn-book.




               GUILTY. Aged 19. Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
