





421. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BURT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December
, 130 lbs. weight of lead, value 24s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Nias
                     




                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  WILMOT
               



            . I live at No. 134, Hoxton-town. On Sunday morning, the 23d of December, I was returning from the watch-house, as I am a headborough, and when I got to my own door I saw the prisoner and another man, the other had gone by with a bag on his shoulder, which appeared heavy, and the prisoner crossed over with something on his head - I followed him about a hundred and fifty yards, and asked what he had got - he said, "A piece of lead;" it was then on his shoulder, with the corner of his jacket pulled over it - I called to a man to stop the other, but he dropped the bag and got away - I compared the lead with a house of Mr. Nias', near the Rosemary Branch public-house, and it matched exactly - the nails went into the same holes - there were three dormers stripped - he was about five hundred yards from the house.


                  JOHN 
                  BLISSETT
               



            . I live at Hoxton. I saw a man carrying this bag of lead, and the prisoner with a piece on his shoulder; I assisted in taking him to the watch-house with it.


                  CHARLES 
                  STOUT
               



            . I am a plumber. I went with the officer, and compared this lead with Mr. Thomas Nias' house - it appeared to have been fixed there - the nails are now in it; I had put it down, and know the houses to be his - he has three houses there - the lead weighs about 130 lbs.


                  JOHN 
                  FEARY
               



            . I am a watchman, and assisted in taking the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I left my father's house about ten minutes to six o'clock, to go into the country - I saw this lead on the pavement, and took it up - there was no one with me.
GEORGE WILMOT. I am positive they were in company - the prisoner had about 30lbs.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
