





279. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of January
, a chaise, value 16 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Michael 
                     Lynch
                  




               
            .


                  MICHAEL 
                  LYNCH
               



            . I am a carman
, and live in Water-lane, Fleet-street. The prisoner had access to my yard, (which is in Bouverie-street


) being employed to repair some houses in Shoe-lane. My chaise was in the yard - I saw it safe on Sunday, the 4th of January, and missed it on the Tuesday morning about nine o'clock, and on the Thursday following found part of it in possession of Norman, at Chelsea, and know it to be mine. I had given the prisoner leave to make his mortar up in my yard, but not at this time.


                  JAMES 
                  NORMAN
               



            . I am a wheelwright, and live at Chelsea. On Thursday, the 8th of June, the prisoner came to my shop with the dashing-iron of a chaise. I first saw him on that day in a yard in Duck-lane; a man called me in, and I found the prisoner in the yard. I boughta pair of wheels of the man - he said there were more wheels to be sold; that they belonged to the prisoner (who did not deny it). I asked the price; the prisoner said, 2 l. 10 s. for the axletree and wheels. I offered 2 l. - he said I should have them, and offered to sell me some springs and other things for 30 s. I paid him 5 s. in part. We each agreed to give a man 2 s. 6 d. to take them home, and soon after five o'clock they were brought. He came to the Cross Keys, public-house, and I paid him the rest. The splinter-bar was missing; he said it must have dropped out of the cart. The prosecutor saw and claimed all I bought of him - he said it was his own.


                  JOHN 
                  CORMACK
               



            . I carried the things to Norman's, and saw him buy them of the prisoner.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner, and took the springs, the shafts, axletree, wheels, and dashing-irons, from Norman's.
(Shafts produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that a man employed him to dispose of the property.


                  JAMES 
                  NORMAN
               



            . I bought them of the prisoner - he said they belonged to him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
