





121. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BARNETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of October
, a shirt, value 2 s.; a shift, value 2 s.; and a handkerchief, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Dingley
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  DINGLEY
               



            . I am a dismounted patrole
. On the 26th of October I was in my stable at the end of Green's yard


. Green called to me, and said, I was being robbed. I looked round, and saw the prisoner running across the Five-fields with something in his hand. We both followed him. I saw him throw the bundle away. Green picked it up, and gave it to me; it contained the articles stated in the indictment, which are mine, and had hung on the lines in the drying ground. Welch stopped him without my losing sight of him; another boy came up and tried to rescue him.


                  GEORGE 
                  GREEN
               



            . I saw the prisoner in my father's yard, and saw him go up and take the clothes off the line. I gave an alarm; he ran and dropped them. I picked them up, and still followed, and never lost sight of him.
Prisoner. He said at Queen-square he lost sight of me for ten minutes - Witness, I did not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WELCH
               



            . I was coming from work, and saw Green pursuing the prisoner. I collared him. He said,
"For God's sake do not stop me, I have done nothing." I said,
"No harm will come to you if you have done nothing." He said,
"What shall I do." I took him to Green.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming along to dinner, and getting over a ditch, heard a cry of Stop thief! I stopped a little behind, and this man took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
