





825. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on th 8th of May
, a watch, value 5 l.; a chain, value 2 l.; a seal, value 2 l., and a key, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James John 
                           Dunch
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  JOHN DUNCH
               



            . I am a surveyor
, and live in the Commercial road. On the 8th of May, about eight o'clock. I was in the pit of Drury-lane Theatre


; the prisoner stood near me; he endeavoured to pass me behind, and in doing so put his right arm round me, and after two or three efforts succeeded in getting before me; the pit was crowded; he came back in a minute or two, and at the bottom of the steps turning into the passage, he was leaving the theatre; I put my hand to my fob, and missed my watch; suspecting he must have it, I immediately followed him into the passage, and called, Stop him! he ran out of the theatre, and was stopped in York-street, without my losing sight of him; the watch laid on an area bar when I came up, and he was within three feet of it.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did you not observe several people leave, who could not get standing room - A. Yes; he ran out of the theatre as soon as an alarm was given; he ran through the coach ranks, but I never lost sight of his logs.


                  GEORGE 
                  BOWES
               



            . I am employed at the Theatre, and saw the prisoner go out - a person called out, Stop him! he had not passed me then. I got from my seat, pursued, and never lost sight of him - I put out my foot; he ran against me, and fell. I saw him throw something away, which glittered. I am certain of him - a boy picked up the watch.


                  RICHARD 
                  MORTLOCK
               



            . I am fourteen years old. I saw the prisoner run out at the pit door - there was a cry of Stop thief! I followed. I lost sight of him when he ran round a carriage - I saw him thrown down, and saw a watch thrown from towards his hand; I think he threw it down. I picked it up, and gave it to Mr. Dunch. I live in Bedford-place, Catherine-street. I cannot say he is the man, as he is dressed differently now. I followed him to Bow-street.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  MASON
               



            . I took him in charge at Bow-street.

Prisoner's Defence. I could not get a seat, and went out, hearing the cry of Stop thief! I run, and was knocked down.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
