







735. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BLAKE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LANCASHIRE
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     PARKER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of April
, 80 lbs. of lead, value 14 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Ford
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain house of his
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be fixed to a building.


                  ROBERT 
                  NORTHERN ROPE
               



            . I am a carpenter. 
               
                  George 
                  Ford
               



            's house is in Five-fields, Chelsea


; my garden runs at the bottom of his. On the 29th of April, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, I was in my garden, and saw the prisoner, Lancashire, get over the wall, the other two were on the premises. Knowing they had been robbed before I went in doors, got a stick, returned, andsaw there was more than one. I went to the York depot, and got a corporal, who went in front of the house. I returned to the garden, and saw a bag containing lead put on the wall, I climbed over the wall and pushed it back, the prisoners then let go, and retreated into the wash-house; they were Lancashire and Parker - I got a light, and on opening the door I found them there, they had moved the cistern from the wash-house. We found Blake in the coal-cellar in the area, he pretended to be intoxicated. A soldier came down, he then recovered, and denied having any one with him, but on coming into the yard the other prisoners said
"Tom, where is your hat?" A hat was found in the wash-house, which he claimed.


                  JAMES 
                  STRICKLAND
               



            . I am a corporal in the second regiment of Guards. Rope informed me there were thieves in the house, I placed two soldiers in front, and two went with me; I observed a bag of lead on the wall, and found Lancashire and Parker in the wash-house - Blake was brought out of the coal-cellar.


                  JOHN 
                  COLES
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoners in charge at the house. Part of a large cistern and the pipe was cut. I compared it with the cistern, and it matched.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BLAKE'S Defence. Two men took me there.
BLAKE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
LANCASHIRE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.
PARKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
