





751. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HOPWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of June
, one shawl, value 6 s., and 8 1/2 yards of bombazeen, value 15 s. 7 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Barnes
                  




               
            .


                  JESSE 
                  PIM
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. 
               Wm. Barnes
            , who is a linen-draper
, and lives in Barbican


. The prisoner came into his service on the 7th of June; on the 14th of June Mr. Drake produced a shawl, which I had seen three or four days before in the window. The prisoner was apprehended, and denied any knowledge of it.



                  ROBERT 
                  DRAKE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pledged a shawl with me on the 14th of June in the name of Richardson.


                  JAMES 
                  WALTER
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Fothergill, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Aldersgate-street. On the 14th of June, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, the prisoner pledged eight yards and a half of bom-bazeen, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Richardson
               



            , Golden-lane - it was quite new - I am sure he is the person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOATER
               



            . I live with Mr. Barnes. On Wednesday morning, the 14th of June, the prisoner came down about six o'clock, which was his usual time. I sleep in the shop - I got up immediately and called Pim up; when I came down the prisoner asked if Pim was getting up? I was absent about three minutes - I said he was not out of bed yet. He immediately went to the end of the shop where the bombazeen was - I was putting my bed away. I then went to the end of the shop to open it - he asked me how that piece of bombazeen was left out from the rest? this very piece of bombazeen then laid on the counter. I said I could not tell. When he was apprehended I told Pim of it, the bombazeen was then measured, and eight yards and a half were gone.


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in charge. I took him up to his bedroom - he said it was useless my searching there, for he had destroyed the duplicates. I found another shawl at Sadler's, in Aldersgate-street, by his direction.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
