






1260. 
               
                  MARY 
                  COLLINS
               




             and 
               
                  ANN 
                  BROWN
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of August
, a snuff box, value 5 s.; a handkerchief, value 2 s.; a pair of gloves, value 2 d., and sixteen shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Menzie
                     




                  , from his person
            .
HENRY MENZIE. I am a cabinet-maker
. I was coming from Haughton-street, Clare-market, on the 9th of August, about four o'clock in the morning - I had been up about half an hour, and was going to Turnmill-street to work. I met the two prisoners in Fox-court, Gray's Inn-lane


, in company together. I believe Collins addressed me first, in a great many flattering words, and then each of them took hold of my arms - they kept hold of me till they had cut away my pocket with 16 s. in it - they took my gloves, snuff box and handkerchief. I cried for the watchman, but they got away; as soon as I got out of the court, I found a patrol, and went with him and the watchman; we found them in Fetter-lane, Holborn. 5 s. 6 d. was found on Collins, and a pen knife and 2 1/2 d. on Brown.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Where did you lose this 16 s.? A. In Fox-court, Gray's Inn-lane. I had slept the night before in Haughton-street. I had not been drunk. I had only had a little porter - they were found about twenty minutes after, but none of the property was found on them. I knew them by having seen them many times before in Holborn of an evening.


                  EDWARD 
                  LUDLOW
               



            . I am a watchman. The prosecutor applied to me, and described the prisoners. I took them. Mr. King searched them at the watch-house - the prosecutor appeared to me to be sober.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it the nearest way to Turnmill-street, to go through Gray's Inn-lane? A. I do not know - there are seven houses of ill fame in Fox-court.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY KING
               



            . I was watch-house-keeper; the prisoners were brought to me - I found 5 s. 6 d. on Collins, and a pen knife and 2 1/2 d. on the other.
COLLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
