





73. 
               
                  MARY 
                  LEICESTER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of November
, 1 purse, value 6d., and 7 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hopkins
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS HOPKINS. I am a labourer
; I worked for Mr. Weaver on the 25th of November, and as I was returning that evening about half-past nine o'clock, I met the prisoner in William-street; she accosted me, and said, "Excuse me, I am taken very ill, will you stop and take care of me." I believed her, and said I would - she appeared very ill. I stood with her some time, and asked how she was; she said she found herself better, and said "Let me walk alongside of you, will you." I said she might - she did so till we came to the bottom of the street, and then asked me to go and have something to drink. I said No; but she urged it, saying, "Do come - I'll treat you with any thing you like for your kindness." I went, and had a glass of peppermint, and she a glass of gin - we came out; she asked me to have something else. I said I would rather not; she said she found herself perfectly well, and I must go and have something else. I said, I thought she had better go home; she made me go to another house - she called for a pot of beer, and warmed it, and had some gin in it - she offered it to three or four other people, who drank; she then said she would have another pot, which was brought; she had paid for the first, and was going to pay for the second - I said she should not, as she had paid for the other. I took out my purse, took out a sovereign, and got change. I put the change into my purse, drew the ring down on my money, and put it into my pocket again; when we had drank the beer, I told her to take up her money again; we came out together, and shesaid, "Will you see me home?" I said Yes; we went on till we came to Lady Daker's alms-houses, at Westminster


; we came to a passage there; she said "This way." I said"Do you live down there" - she said Yes; she said at the corner, "My pattens are off, will you pick them up." I stooped to do so, turned round, and she was gone - I missed my money instantly. I pursued her a little way. I then went to a public-house, and found a constable. I described her to him - she was taken next morning; the purse and six sovereigns were found.


                  HENRY 
                  DALY
               



            . I am a constable. Hopkins described the prisoner to me. I found her next morning at No. 23, Tothill-street. I told her I took her for taking seven sovereigns from a man last night."Poh! poh! nonsense" said she, and wanted to push by me - she got a few yards off; I seized her, and called on Hopkins, who said, "That is the woman, I will swear to her;" she then said "It is all right, I have taken care of it for him," and said, she would go with me, and show me where they were. I wanted to search her, but she said her husband knew nothing about it, and I did not. I went with her to her friend's house, where she said she had left them; she said, on the road, that she had got four sovereigns in her stocking. I made her let it down, and give me them out - they were in this purse; when we got to her friends, we found two more, which she said she had left there.(Purse produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from Kensington; the prosecutor offered me his arm, I was ill; he asked me to drink, and wanted to go home with me. I said, I could not, as my husband was at home; he then gave me the purse, which I believe he thought had only got the change of the sovereign in it. I went home, and on finding what was in it, I left the two sovereigns with a friend, and gave up the others.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Life
            .
