





1301. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     THON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of July
, a shirt, value 2 s.; a petticoat, value 1 s.; a bonnet, value 5 s., and a frock, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           Deady
                        



                     
                  ; and three caps, value 1 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Ellen 
                  Connel
               



            .


                  MICHAEL 
                  DEADY
               



            . I am a labourer
, and live in Calmell-buildings


. On the 24th of July I got up to go to work. Between five and six o'clock I went down to open my bed-room door, to call my fellow-labourer. I opened the door, and met the prisoner coming out. She turned to go down stairs. I stopped her, and asked what brought her there. All this property was in the room. I said she should not go unless she said what brought her into my room. I found three boxes turned over, and property taken out. The things in question, which were safe overnight, were packed up, to be taken away. My fellow-labourer was fast asleep in the room. She said a woman in the street had sent her. Three caps of Connell's, who lodges with me, were found in her pocket.


                  HENRY 
                  STEEL
               



            . I am an officer. I went to the house, and found her there. She would not say a word. The property was tied up in a bundle.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met one Murphy, who said she lodged in this house, but owed a little money, and they would not let her have her things, and sent me for them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
