






218. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     ANGEL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BALL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of December
, two horse cloths, value 1 l.; one horse-collar, value 1 l.; one roller, value 5 s., and one bridle, value 1 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Frederick 
                     Sparrow
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PYE
               



            . I am a watchman of Blackfriars. About a quarter past two o'clock in the morning, I was sent down to Mr. Alderman Smith's, Cresent-place


, and saw a light in the stables; I knocked at the window twice, and then they put the light out; I went back and called Neal, the other watchman. We went to the entrance of the stables, and found three or four of the stable doors broken open - they are in Little Bridge-street. Neal stopped at the gate, while I went to the watch-house to get assistance, and as Berry and I were coming down we heard the rattle spring. Angel immediately rushed by us, and Potter caught him; we proceeded to the stable, and found Ball laying in the manger - I took him.


                  BARNARD 
                  NEAL
               



            . I am a watchman. I was placed at Mr. Alderman Smith's. Pye said there was a light in the stables; we found three or four stable doors open. I remained at the gate while he got assistance, during which time the prisoner, Angel, came to the gate from the stable with a horse-cloth containing some cart harness and a bridle; seeing me he laid them down at the bottom of the half-gate. I asked what he had been doing? he said another man was up the yard. I sprung my rattle, and he rushed by me; I pursued him, and kept him in my sight until Potter took him. I went back to the gate and remained till Ball was found.


                  JOSEPH 
                  POTTER
               



            . Pye fetched me and Berry. I saw a man running up, and heard the rattle spring. I met Angel running speedily, and secured him - he struggled a good deal. After putting him in the watch-house, I returned and found Ball in the manger. I noticed his hat totter on his head, and a pair of traces was found squeezed hard in it.


                  JOHN 
                  BERRY
               



            . I was with the others. Angel fell into Potter's hands, and Ball was found in the manger.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
ANGEL'S Defence. I have a large family.
BALL'S Defence. I was out of work. I slept in the stables three weeks - they were uninhabited.
ANGEL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
BALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
