





377. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DOWTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of February
, six tame ducks, price 12 s.; one tame drake, price 2 s.; four tame geese, price 14 s., and one tame gander, price 5 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Morris
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I live at Harlington, near Uxbridge


. On the 10th of February I lost the poultry - the geese were in the geese-house, and the ducks in an out-house - I saw them safe about six o'clock in the evening, and missed them at six the next morning; the prisoner lived about a mile off. The same day, at a quarter past ten o'clock, I found all the poultry at Leadenhall-market, in the possession of Parnell; they were all killed - the geese were cold, the head of the gander was quite warm. They were worth 10 l.; they were kept for breeding.


                  HENRY 
                  PARNELL
               



            . I keep a stall in Leadenhall-market On the 10th of February, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, this poultry was brought to me by a man, who desired me to sell it for him, I did not ask him how he got them as I was busy - they were killed in an awkward manner, which I did not observe at the time. He stopped about half an hour with me. I did not particularly notice him.
Q. How long after was the prisoner taken up - A.About four or five days after. I believe he is the man, but cannot positively say. I thought the man was lustier, and of a fresh colour. I often have fowls killed in that way - it is the custom all over the market.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GROVER
               



            . I am a salesman in Leadenhall-market. On Thursday morning, about nine o'clock, the prisoner came into the market with the ducks and geese; he took them out of a bag, and laid them on Parnell's stall, which joins mine. I was present when Morris came and claimed them - I then looked at them, they appeared as if they had been stolen, for they were improperly killed - I should have suspected them if they had been brought to me. About a fortnight after I saw the prisoner in custody, and am sure he is the man.


                  EDWARD 
                  HOLDCRAFT
               



            . I am a poulterer. I saw the prisoner in the market on the day the prosecutor lost his property.I am sure he is the man I saw take them to Parnell's; he had them in a sack. I afterwards saw the ducks and geese.


                  JOHN 
                  RICE
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was apprehended in the county - Parnell was also taken into custody.


                  HENRY 
                  BARNFIELD
               



            . I am constable of Harmondsworth, which is the adjoining parish to Morris's. I went to the prisoner's house five or six times, but could not find him. He was brought to me by two of the patrol about a fortnight after.


                  STEPHEN 
                  KING
               



            . I am a bricklayer, and live at Harmondsworth. On the 10th of February, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner coming home - I do not know where he had been.


                  THOMAS 
                  UPJOHN
               



            . I am a poultry salesman. On the 10th of February, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner in the market. The geese laid on Parnell's stall. I am sure he is the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
