





1856. 
               
                  ANN 
                  BERRY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, 2 bed-curtains, value 1l.; 2 1/2 yards of drapery, value 6s.; 4 sheets, value 12s., and 1 shirt, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Creed
                     




                  , her master
            .



                  WILLIAM 
                  CREED
               



            . I am a tailor and draper
, and live in Abchurch-lane


. The prisoner was five weeks in my service; I had a good character with her from Mr. Parker. On the 29th of September we missed a bottle of rum - she was so drunk she could not stand: we searched, and found some duplicates of property belonging to Mr. Parker, and duplicates of my property in her possession, for the bed-curtains, drapery, four sheets, and a shirt.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LANE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Creed. I found part of the duplicates on the floor under the prisoner's bed, on the day she was intoxicated - she was the only female servant.


                  JOHN 
                  CLIFFORD REYNOLDS
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Smith, a pawnbroker, of High-street, Borough. I have two bed-curtains, two sheets, a shirt, and part of some bed furniture, pawned at different times; I took in the two sheets from the prisoner, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Payne
               



            , Long-lane, for 6s.; the others were not pawned with me; this is the duplicate I gave her for the sheets - the other is a duplicate of our shop.


                  JOSIAH 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am an officer, and took the prisoner in charge - she was intoxicated.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
