





775. 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     LEVI
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of May
, one watch, value 5 l., and one ring, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Aaron 
                           Joseph
                        



                     
                  , from the person of Matilda, his wife
            .


                     MATILDA 
                     JOSEPH
                  



               
            . I am the wife
 of 
               
                  Aaron 
                  Joseph
               



            , he is a merchant
, and lives in Church-street, Minories. On Saturday, the 4th of May, at one o'clock in the day, I was in Fenchurch-street


 with my mother-in-law, going towards London-street. I had a gold watch hanging to a narrow ribbon, quite visible. I felt a pull at the chain; and found my watch was gone from my side; I did not see who tookit - I was frightened and fainted, I do not know what happened. I found it in Smithers's custody half an hour afterwards.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SMITHERS
               



            . I am an Excise officer, and live in Sutton-street, Commercial-road. I was coming from the Angel, public-house, and saw the prisoner and two other boys. Mrs. Joseph was walking with a lady; I saw the prisoner make a snatch under her arm, and take something which I thought was a watch; her mother hollowed out Stop thief! I pursued him down an alley, and only lost sight of him in turning the corner - the other two called out Stop thief! also; the prisoner ran into No. 7, Jewry-street; I seized him in the passage and said,
"Give me the watch," he gave it me immediately. I gave him in charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
