






1157. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DUTTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas Edward Mitchell 
                           Turton
                        





                     
                  , Esq.
 about two o'clock in the night, on the 4th of September

, with intent to steal, and stealing therein twenty-one silver spoons, value 10 l.; four butter ladles, value 2 l.; one knife, value 10 s.; one cruet stand, value 3 l.; three guineas, thirty sovereigns, and five 5 l. Bank notes, his property
            .
SECOND COUNT for stealing the said goods in the said dwelling-house, and afterwards burglariously breaking out of the same.
Mr. BOLLAND conducted the Prosecution.


                  SUSAN 
                  SALMON
               



            . I am cook to Mr. Turton, of Chester-street, Grosvenor-place



; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Clench
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Griffiths
               



            , the groom, were also in his service, and the prisoner was footman. I and Clench slept in the same room. On the 4th of September I went to bed at ten minutes before eleven o'clock, leaving the other servants up. I had bolted the door which led to the area with two bolts, and fastened the kitchen door with two bolts and a bar across. I got up between five and six o'clock and found the kitchen door open; a hole was made in it large enough for a person to put their hand through and undo the bolt; the area door was unbolted but not open; the cellar door was shut but not locked. I did not go into the cellar; it was not locked over night. I opened it, and saw an iron candlestick standing on a box; Mr. Turton had two of these candlesticks. The pantry door was a-jar - I had not noticed that at night. Mr. Turton saw the premises in the same state that I did. I went up and called 
               
                  Mary 
                  Clench
               



            .
Cross-examined by Mr. BRODRICK. Q. I suppose the candlesticks were kept on the kitchen mantle-piece - A. Yes; when I went to bed there was only one of them in the kitchen and that was in the cupboard; I dont know who had the other - master had a party that evening. There are no coals or beer in the cellar.


                  THOMAS 
                  EDWARD MITCHELL TURTON
               



            , ESQ. - I live at No. 9, Chester-street, Grosvenor-place, in the parish of St. George's, Hanover-square. The prisoner was in my service; he came at the latter end of June or beginning of July, and was going to leave me on the 5th of September, not for any fault. On the 5th of September he was to have called me at a quarter before six o'clock, but did not, and I got up at a quarter past six o'clock - it was my usual custom to give him orders to call me every morning, but he was rather irregular in calling me at all times. On my coming down I first saw 
               
                  Mary 
                  Clench
               



            , who told me the house was robbed; I went into the kitchen and she followed me. I there saw the cook, and the prisoner near the door. The prisoner first spoke - he said
"The house has been robbed, or they have broken in here, and they have stolen every bit of the plate, and my silver watch: I broke the glass of it on Saturday, and left it in the pantry and forgot to take it away." - I did not exactly know myself where the plate was kept, but I understood from him that it was kept in a drawer in the pantry adjoining the kitchen, he had the charge of it. The plate in his care was in use at dinner time on the day preceding. I know he had only part of the spoons in his care - the party at dinner were eight. I saw several spoons in use that day - butter ladles: a butter knife, and a cruet stand.
Q. Did you examine your premises - A. I did, when he spoke to me in the morning; he added,
"And my watch; but I know the maker's name, and have that in my Bible at home." I then spoke to him again, and he pointed out the cellar (the door of which is opposite the kitchen door, and both are inclosed by the area door), and said they must have been concealed here, and they have left a candle here. I went into the cellar and saw the candlestick; it was an iron one, and had the appearance of having had a candle burnt out in it, the tallow having run down on the box. Ithen examined the kitchen door; it is here - it is in the same state as it was that morning; several persons have put their hands through the hole, as well as myself, and that has smoothened the surface; but it appeared to have been done by different punctures by a gimblet-hole. On the outside of the door between the kitchen and cellar doors were several pieces of wood, which appeared to have been taken out of the door - the hole might have been made by persons outside the door.
Q. Could you say how those broken pieces of wood which you picked up had been taken out - A. I ordered them to remain in the same state till the officer came; they were then taken up and tied together, and afterwards put into the hole. I found by putting my arm into the hole I could reach the bolts, and get about the centre of the door. A strong bar went across, which was fastened at the end with a staple, and at the other end with a small iron pin, it was within reach of the hole; the bar could not be let down well without making a considerable noise, as it was very heavy. At the bottom of the door is another bolt, smaller to the one at the top; that appeared to be shot, and the staple, which was not a strong one, appeared to be forced. The door opens into the area, but it is within the area door.
Q. The pieces of wood were laid together - what appearance did they exhibit - A. It appeared that by making a number of holes with a gimblet, they had been forced out. I then asked the prisoner when he went to bed; he said at two o'clock, and that he and 
               
                  Mary 
                  Clench
               



             were the last persons up - his bed-room was over the coach-house, which was separated from the house by a small yard at the back of the house, and to go to this yard you pass through the scullery - I think nothing further passed at this time. In the course of the morning, having then no suspicion of him, I told him if he had not got another place, if it was any accommodation to him, he might continue to sleep on the premises as usual, and told him as I should be coming to town occasionally, and bring no servant, he would have an opportunity of earning a few shillings by cleaning my things, instead of strangers - he made no answer - I thought at the time it was a little foolish pride, and said "You have not got a place, have you?" he said  "No." - I said "Then I think you may as well stay and earn a few shillings;" he said "Yes." I examined the area door, and perceived no marks of violence at all - I found it closed, but not bolted. In the course of the day it was determined to search all the servants and their boxes - they all consented, and Gillmor and Dew, the officers, went with me to his room over the stables, where he slept with Griffiths - a box was searched, which he said was his, and in this was a few articles of clothes, and a small bag containing five sovereigns. I should have stated before, that I only thought the plate was gone - but after this I had occasion to go to a drawer in my dressing table, (about eight o'clock) - the officers came about half past seven o'clock - I first went into my dressing room about a quarter before seven, but did not suspect any thing then - I had undressed there the night before, and it appeared, in every respect, as I had left it the night before. About eight o'clock I went to the drawer, where I occasionally kept a few pounds. I found this drawer open - I don't know that it was locked over night - I believe it was not - I opened it, and found two common canvas bags gone; one had contained 43 l. or 48 l. consisting of 5 l. notes, and the rest in sovereigns. The dressing room is just at the top of the kitchen stairs, at the back of the dining room, not on the same floor as the kitchen: in the other bag there was five guineas, a half-sovereign, and some sovereigns, amounting altogether to about 10 l. - this was gone. I had left them there on the Friday preceding, and had not seen them since. When I left home on Sunday, I had occasion to open the only drawer in that table which I kept locked, and being rather hurried I left my keys in it, and when I returned on the Tuesday I asked him if he had not seen them - he said he had, and had given them, on the following day, to Mrs. Turton, who gave them to me. I had locked the drawer which contained the money, on Friday. When I missed the money, I found the drawer, in which I left the keys, locked, and all of them closed. The sovereigns, in the drawer, were of the coinage of 1817 and 1821. When the sovereigns were found in the prisoner's box, Gillmor said, "Where did you get these?" he answered, "Worked for them to be sure." He said "Who paid them to you," he answered, "Captain 
               Losant
            ." Gillmore said "What for?" he said, "For my wages." They then searched his breeches pocket, and found another sovereign, which he said he had worked for, and received that also in the same way. I said, "How much did Captain 
               Losant
             pay you?" he said, "About 7 l." that he had paid him in notes, but that Mr. Noell, Mr. Penny's butler, gave him sovereigns in exchange. I asked how many Noell gave him, he said "Five." Then said I, "How came you by the other?" he answered, "He did not know." We then proceeded to search some drawers in his bed-room, - he said they were his - that the clothes found in them were his. One of the drawers was locked. Gillmor said, "What drawer is this?" he said "Mine," - that he had lost the key a fortnight ago. Gillmor asked what was in it, he said, he did not know, there was not much; the same question was put, and he repeated it several times - the officers forced it open - there was some broken seals and other things, and a phosphorus box and matches. A brass candlestick stood on the drawers which were searched. Gillmor asked, "Who brought that up?" Griffiths, who had returned, said, that it had been there from the day before, and that the prisoner brought it up the night before, (on the Monday night), and that it had been there ever since. After some further search, we proceeded to examine the kitchen door again, and the drawer in which the prisoner said the plate was kept the night before. One of the officers said, "This drawer has been forced with a chisel." (Here the witness produced the drawer, and the upper part which the bolt of the lock entered). I examined it, and thought it corresponded with a chisel which had been in an open tool box of mine, which chest also contained a gimblet. I compared the chisel with the marks on the drawer in the prisoner's presence; it appeared that my chisel and gimblet had made the marks on the drawer. I pointed out a particular dent which corresponded - he said nothing. During the whole time the examination of the door and drawer were going on he made no observations. We then went to the door, here are the pieces of wood which filled up the hole in the door, the holes were tried with the gimblet and corresponded with the bore. These tools had not been used to my knowledge for some months, and in the pipe of the gimblet, which I took out of the chest, were some small particles of saw-dust, as if it had been just used. I shewed this to the officers in his presence. There was another hole insidethe door in a different part, which corresponded with the gimblet; and there was a similar puncture in another part of it, which corresponded with the point of the gimblet. He was asked whether he had locked the pantry door that night - he said he locked it and the door also, and took the keys up to bed with him. I examined the pantry door, and discovered no marks of violence, but did not examine it minutely. He said he had locked that door, and shewn the keys to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Clench
               



             that morning. Subsequent to this second conversation about the door, I examined the pantry door a third time, and found a small mark on the side of the door, about two inches above the lock, but there was not a dent so large as the dent in the drawer, it was, evidently, not large enough to have admitted the door to open, and the bolt of the lock of the door, which shuts into the wood, had not made the slightest mark on the door post, and it moves with considerable difficulty; for on trying it with a chisel, it snapped before I could move it at all.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. He came into your service in June from Captain 
               Losant
             - A. Yes: I had a most excellent character with him. He did not appear to have lived in London as a servant, but appeared to know London perfectly well. Griffiths has lived with me about a fortnight less than him; he came as a temporary servant. I took him without a character - he referred me to Lord Belfast, but I did not go.
Q. Look at the inside of the door, you will see a piece of wood split, has not that been done from without - A. Certainly: I believe most of it is done from without. I have only brought half the door here.
Q. On the other half, was there not the mark of a crow bar outside - A. I think not - there was the mark of some instrument being applied outside, I think it was a poker, or something of the sort. The prisoner would have no occasion to go to the area: he slept at the back of the house - he had a key of the plate drawer. A picklock key would certainly open the pantry-door. Griffiths said in his presence that he assisted him to clean the plate, and that they counted it and locked it up; and he said Griffiths had assisted him that day as well as at other times. The chisel and gimblet are very common ones - my tool-chest is in my dressing room. I am certain the money was safe when I left the keys in the drawer. I dont think if Mrs. Turton had occasion for money she would go to the drawer - she had the keys, but did not know the money was kept there. I know Mr. Penny is in Somersetshire, and believe Noell is with him. I offered a reward of 40 l. for information to lead to the discovery of my property.


                  MARY 
                  CLENCH
               



            . I am house-maid to Mr. Turton - I was so on the 4th of August; in the evening the cook went to bed about half-past eleven o'clock, leaving me, and the groom, and the prisoner up; the groom went to bed about a quarter-past one o'clock, leaving the prisoner and myself up. About half-past one o'clock, I heard a noise at the kitchen door, as if something was boring into the door; the prisoner was sitting by me at the same time: I said,
"I heard a noise;" he said "No, I dont think there is, it is only your fancy." I did not always set up so late, but my mistress was up till half-past eleven o'clock. Just after I heard the noise, I went into the housekeeper's room (which is on the same floor as master's dressing room), to fold up some linen which I had been ironing in the laundry; while I was there the prisoner came to me, this was a quarter to two, or two o'clock; he asked whether I was going to bed; I said yes, as soon as I have folded up my things: I went to bed just after it struck two o'clock, and left him down in the kitchen. When he left me he had a candlestick and the lamp of the drawing room; it was an iron candlestick like that produced, master has two of those candlesticks and three flat ones; there is one more besides that produced. After he left me I heard him go into the pantry or laundry, and then into the scullery, and heard the candlestick put down; there is a door at the top of the kitchen stairs, which I shut after the prisoner went down; when I went to shut it, I saw him standing at the bottom of the kitchen stairs, looking at me shutting the door; he was very near the pantry, and the pantry door was open, I cant say whether he shut it or not. I got up about a quarter before six o'clock in the morning, it was then light - the cook called me. I went down into the kitchen to see the confusion, as she said the house was robbed. After looking about, I went and called the prisoner; I called him three different times at the bottom of the stable stairs - he made no answer; I went up stairs and knocked at the door, he opened it, he was very near dressed; I said,
"Somebody has broken into the house," he said, "Is there - it is impossible, for I have the keys of the pantry in my pocket;" he came down stairs into the pantry, I went in with him, he only looked and said nothing. I never heard him say any thing about the robbery. The pantry door was wide open when we went in. I told him he was to have called his master at half-past five, or a quarter to six o'clock, he said nothing. I recollect on the Saturday before the robbery, Mrs. Turton asking the prisoner to lend her a sovereign; he said he had not got one, or any silver. On Sunday afternoon I saw him putting on his boots, he asked me to lend him 3 or 4 s. I said I had no more than I wanted.
JURY. Q. Had he any particular business to keep him up that night - A. I dont know that he had.
Cross-examined. Q. You had a dinner party that day, and he had to get his things ready to go next day - A. Yes: when I went to call him Griffiths was in bed.
Q. Did you only say somebody had broken into the house - A. Yes; I said, "and every bit of the plate is gone." And then he made that answer - I came down directly and he followed me.
Q. When Mrs. Turton asked for a sovereign she wanted it immediately - A. Yes. I heard him put the candlestick down in the scullery, if any body broke in they could go to the scullery and get it.


                  HANNAH 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Gambier, who is Mrs. Turton's sister. I was at Mr. Turton's on the night of the robbery, and went to bed between eleven and one o'clock; I had an iron candlestick, like the one produced, to light me; when I got up in the morning at half-past six o'clock, it was still on the drawers where I left it.
Cross-examined. Q. It is a common iron candlestick - A. Yes.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am groom to Mr. Turton, and was so on the day of the robbery. The prisoner slept with me over the stable. I generally went into the house of a morning to brush my master's clothes, and the footman takes them up. On the 4th of September, I helped to carry up the dinner; six persons, besides my master andmistress, were there. I went to bed a quarter before one o'clock; the cook went a quarter before eleven o'clock. I helped the prisoner that day to wipe the plate up, which I had done before; it was finished about half-past 12 o'clock. When I went to bed I left him and Clench up. When he wiped the plate he counted it over, and there was a fork and spoon missing, he went and found them, and he put them in the drawer, locked it, and put the key in his pocket; the articles stated in the indictment were there. I went to bed at a quarter to one o'clock, and at two o'clock, as well as I can guess, he came into the room with a light, and I supposed he was coming to bed; I went to sleep and cannot say whether he came to bed or not, but I awoke about four o'clock as near as I can guess, and he was not in bed then. I was awoke at five o'clock by his coming into bed, he got on at the wrong side, for I had taken all the bed to myself in finding he was not coming. When he came it was day break - I said, "Why do you come to bed at this time of morning?" He said he had been in bed all night. I said that was wrong, for I had missed him at four o'clock, and asked him what brought him on my side of the bed - he made no answer. I am sure he was not in bed when I first awoke. Clench came and called him, he was up and dressed; she said, "William, the house is broken open, the pantry is opened, and all the plate is gone." He said, "Is it;" he said no more, but went down. I know he had a watch; I have not seen it since.
Q. On the Sunday preceding did he say any thing to you about money - A. He asked me to lend him some, I said I had not much, and lent him 2 s.; he had borrowed 1 s. of me the day before and not paid it; he said he should have some money from his master soon and would pay me.
Cross-examined. Q. How do you know you went to bed at a quarter to one o'clock - A. I looked at the clock. I went to sleep in about five minutes - I only guess that I awoke at four o'clock, it might be a quarter past, I was rather sleepy; it was break of day at four o'clock.
Q. What in September - A. Yes; I was up at half-past four o'clock this morning and it was break of day then. I did not hear him say, when Clench came up, that it was impossible, for he had the key - I will not swear he did not say so; I was in the room and heard what passed. He went down immediately; I did not go down till master called me, about half-past six o'clock.
Q. You was not in a hurry - A. I had no suspicion whatever, I merely thought it a joke, I thought they were sweethearting.
Q. Pray when did you first tell your master about the prisoner not coming to bed - A. I believe a day or two after, I cannot tell whether it was not six or seven days after, it was not the next day; I never told till I was asked about it.
Q. You were out that day - A. Master sent me out about two or three o'clock, I dont know that I went out before, except to fetch the officers between seven and eight o'clock; I came back as soon as possible, I might be gone half an hour. I left word at the office for them to come directly, and master sent me again about a quarter to nine o'clock. I did not go out again till master sent me to Queen-square, Haymarket, in the afternoon; I was gone about two hours.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. Where did your master send you first - A. To Queen-square, I went straight there and came straight back, and so I did when he sent me a second time.
Q. You went to bed at a quarter before one o'clock - A. Yes, it was moonlight when I went to bed; the day broke about four; it had not broken when he came in the room with the candle, but when I awoke the second time, it was light enough for me to see that he was not in bed. When Clench came up, she went down before him and he after her.
Q. When she said the house was broken open, you did not think it was - A. No; they had correspondence and loveship together, I thought it was a joke, and they were courting; I thought he had been sitting up with the girl, and did not suspect him.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. What was your reason for noticing the time the cook went to bed - A. I had no reason, I just looked at the clock when she fastened the doors. I am not generally in the house, only they had company and wanted me; I had assisted him once before.


                  JAMES 
                  GILLMOR
               



            . I am an officer of Queen Square. I went to Mr. Turton's, on the 4th of September, with Dew, about 7 o'clock in the morning. Mr. Turton told me what had passed. We went into the area, and found no marks of violence on the area door. On the kitchen door we observed an instrument, apparently a gimblet, had been used, to make a hole large enough to put an arm through - the holes appeared to me to have been made on both sides. One hole inside was not drilled through, and the pieces of wood were picked up outside the door, so that they appeared to have been forced from inside, and to have fallen without. On going afterwards to the area steps, I saw marks of three footsteps, apparently from the same foot - two were on the side next the house, and the other as if the person had got over the area rails. A person could not get to the kitchen door without coming through the area door - the space between the doors is enclosed - the steps pointed as if they went from the house - there were two marks on Mr. Turton's side of the parapet - a small quantity of dirt stuck on the top of the rails, as if a person had put his foot up, and got over out of the area. I examined the pantry drawer, and then went to the prisoner's bed-room. I found a little cotton bag in his trunk, containing five sovereigns - I produced it, and on his person I found another sovereign - he said he got the five from a person he formerly lived servant with. He afterward said, he exchanged the notes with a butler for them, and he had had the one some time. He said he had lost the key of his drawer, Dew broke it open, and found a phosphorus box with matches in it. I compared the drawer with the chisel which Mr. Turton brought down - it appeared to have been done with a chisel of this size, and the gimblet fitted the holes in the door. I rather think, by the footmarks, that the person had small nails in his shoes.
JURY to Mr. Turton. Q. The chisel is now broken, was it in that state when you last saw it. A. It was not, for I had my tools all done up, and had not used it for nine months - they were open to every body. A person climbing over the rails, could not get between the area and kitchen door, it is enclosed - the candlestick was found within the enclosure. If any one was concealed in the cellar, they could unbolt the area door and go out, and if they wished to go into the kitchen, they must break the kitchen door open. There certainly was an appearance of somebody having been concealed in the cellar. A hamper stood open in the middle, and the dirt appeared to be moved, as if somebody had been there.



                  CHARLES 
                  DEW
               



            . I am an officer, I went with Gillmor to examine Mr. Turton's premises, and saw the chisel applied to the drawer, and the gimblet to the door. I should consider that they had been forced from the inside, from the directions in which I found them.
Cross-examined. Q. If a person outside bored two or three holes, they could put their fingers in and pull a piece out. - A. They might after getting the first piece out.
Prisoner's Defence. All I have to say is, that Griffiths is false in saying I was not in bed at 4 o'clock. I went to bed at 2 o'clock as near as I can imagine, and from then till about five o'clock was not out of bed. I never awoke till five o'clock, and then he awoke me by throwing his arms across the bed. I then looked at his watch, and said, "Dear me, it is half past 6 o'clock," he said his watch was an hour too fast. I got up, and Clench came and said the house was broken open and the plate gone. I said, "How could that be when I had the key in my pocket;" which I believe I shewed her.


                  CAPTAIN 
                  LOSANT
               



            . I live at Whetstone; the prisoner lived three years with me, and left to go to Mr. Turton; I paid him 5 l. 7 s. while he was with me; he perhaps has advanced 2 l. for small things - I paid him in notes. Captain Tucker lived at my house, he did little services for him, and received something for that.


                  ELEANOR 
                  LUNSDEN
               



            . I wash for the prisoner, and have washed for Mr. Turton. On the Friday before the robbery the prisoner offered to pay me what he owed me with a sovereign, I could not give change.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. Do you wash for Mr. Turton's family or have you been discharged - A. I gave up their washing.



               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1158. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DUTTON
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing on the 5th of September

, four mother-of-pearl counters, value 4 d.; three pair of stockings, value 5 s.; two pair of gloves, value 2 s.; and two napkins, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Edward Mitchell Turton
               



            , Esq.


                  THOMAS 
                  EDWARD MITCHELL TURTON
               



            . ESQ. I live in Chester-street, Grosvenor-place, the prisoner was in my service from the latter end of June until September; he was to leave me on this day. In consequence of certain suspicions, I ordered Gillmor and Dew to search his person and boxes; we searched him in his bed room, and in his waistcoat pockets we found four mother-of-pearl counters, which I immediately knew to be my property. I said,
"William, how came you by these?" - He said, they came down on the tray one night about three weeks ago. I said that was impossible;
"for we have not played at cards since you lived with us." He said,
"I know you have not." - We searched his boxes and drawers, and found very little linen there. I asked him where his linen was - he said in the laundry; we then went towards the laundry, but I went into the kitchen with Gillmor, and Mrs. Turton was there; the prisoner went with Dew into the laundry. We had not been there many seconds before I heard Dew call out, "Gillmor, come along, he is making away with something." - On which I immediately went in, and saw Dew and the prisoner standing by one of the dressers in the laundry; there were three bundles before him; Dew was untying one, and the prisoner just as I went in undid the knot of another, and Gillmor laid hold of it. He was asked who these bundles belonged to - He said they were his, they contained linen of his with his name at full length on them. When I saw him untying the bundle, I said, "What are you about, William?" He said, only shewing the officers the things. I said, "Let them alone, and let the officers search themselves." The officers proceeded to search it, and in it they found folded and rolled up in a paper parcel, three pair of stockings and a pair of gloves, all of which I knew to be mine. I said, "William, how came these here?" - He said, "I brought them down when I unpacked your gig seat the last time we went out;" he afterwards said, the last time but one. I said, "Were not these with the other things?" He said, "Yes, they were." - I said,"Then how came you by these down here when you put the others by?" His answer, I think was, "I brought them down because I was going away." Captain 
               Gambier
            , who was present, said, "If you were going away, you had no occasion to bring them here." He made no answer. - I should say, he had been in the habit of unpacking my things when I came from the country, but on these occasions I always gave him the key of the place they were in, and the key of my wardrobe, desiring him to put them by, and return me the key; and on the occasion spoken of, I had no stockings in my gig seat; for I had come to town from Croydon assizes, it was on that day week, the officers proceeded further in the search, and pulled out two dinner napkins from the same bundle in a dirty state. I said, "Halloa! what is this?" He said, "These are some of the dinner napkins in common use." I asked him what business they had in his bundle? - he said he put them there by mistake. Mrs. Turton said, "William, that is very odd; for I asked you this morning if you had any more napkins, and told you that five were missing." - He made no answer. Captain 
               Gambier
             then searched his great coat pocket, which hung up, and pulling a pair of my kid gloves out which had been worn, he said, "Whose are these?" He said, "I dont know." - I said, "Why this is another pair of my gloves." - He said nothing. This is the second pair that were found. The first pair I can swear to as mine. I cannot swear with certainty to those found in the coat, as they are soiled, the others have never been worn. I had eight or ten pair in my wardrobe, and can tell them from the make and texture - the stockings and napkins are mine. Mrs. Turton, Captain 
               Gambier
            , and the two officers were present at the search, but only the officers were present at this time.
COURT. Q. He was about to leave your service that day? A. Yes; he was to have left at twelve o'clock, his linen was all tied up in bundles apparently ready to be taken away with him.
Cross-examined. Q. You have not the least doubt but that the property was taken at different times? - A. I have no reason to suppose they were; most probably they were not taken all at once. I had had some friends the day before, he did not have a good deal to do, we had a mere family dinner. I searched his bundles at three o'clock in the afternoon; there had been an alarm in the house in the morning, and I had sent for the officers; he knew they were coming, but not that a search was to be made. I staid in the kitchen till they came in the morning to look at the premises; I dont think he knew they were coming in the afternoon. I dont think he had an opportunity of moving goodswithout much hazard, for the laundry is much frequented by the servants. He had no business to touch the stockings. I do not wash at home; nobody but the housekeeper has any business with them.
COURT. Q. Have you ever given him stockings? - A. I never gave him a pair, nor allowed him to take them; they are what I was wearing; all he had to do with my things was to put them in the wardrobe.


                  JAMES 
                  GILMORE
               



            . I was present at the search, and have the things in my possession ever since. I have heard Mr. Turton examined, his account is perfectly correct.
Cross-examined. Q. How long were you searching - A. Two hours. I went to the house three times; the prisoner did not know what I came for.
Prisoner's Defence. I have some recollection of the things being brought down either in master's trunk or gig seat. I have unpacked his trunk and brought things down in the laundry to go away, and they were put in a drawer where table cloths and napkins are kept; I saw no more of them till this morning, when I found them wrapped in paper. I put them on the table, intending to take them up, but in the hurry forgot it. I never put them in the bundle, nor were they ever in it; the officer scattered the things over them, and said he found them in the bundle.


                  JAMES 
                  GILMORE
               



            . I am positive they were in his bundle, I saw them immediately on opening it.
MR. TURTON. I saw them found in his bundle; I never wrapped the stockings in paper; my portmanteau never came down into the laundry, he unpacked it in the dressing room.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
