





969. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LEASON
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 23d of May
, a handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Barrow
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Barrow
                        



.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARROW
               



            . I am a glazier
. On the 23d of May, about ten o'clock in the morning, my daughter Jane was taking a walk in the fields with her brother; she had a silk handkerchief on when she went from my house in Middleton-street, Spa-fields, to White Conduit-fields, she returned about twelve o'clock; the handkerchief was then gone. The prisoner is a perfect stranger to me.


                  JOHN 
                  BARROW
               



            . I am eleven years of age. I went with my sister Jane on Sunday into White Conduit-fields


, about ten o'clock; she had a silk handkerchief on her neck. In about half an hour a boy came and took the handkerchief from her neck. I halloed out Stop thief! he got away, but somebody stopped him about ten minutes afterwards. I should know him again; that is the boy; (pointing to the prisoner) he said,
"Look at your handkerchief," and then snatched it off and ran away. The person who stopped him took it out of his jacket pocket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KNIGHTON
               



            . I am a boot-maker. I was turning my horse into the field and saw the prisoner take the handkerchief from the baby's neck; he got over some bricks, and I took hold of him, and took the handkerchief from his pocket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MERRY
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner and handkerchief was delivered to me by Knighton. Barrow described it before he saw it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
