





153. 
               
                  NORAH 
                  HAYES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December
, 2 rings, value 5s.; 1 gold drop, value 1s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; 6 yards of lace, value 6s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 1s. 6d., and 2 caps, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Isabella 
                  Facey
               




            , her mistress.
ISABELLA FACEY. I am a widow
, and live in Park-lane


. The prisoner was my servant
 of all-work - I missed my property from my room - I had been missing property for the last twelve months; she has lived two years with me - I had given her warning; she was going on the 1st of December - I wished to search her boxes, which she refused - I sent for an officer, who found these articles in her cloak, which was in the trunk; she then said theywere mine, but did not say how she got them - I had not given her any of them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for; the prisoner said she had nothing of her mistress'; her mistress asked if she objected to my searching her trunk, and, after a little time, she said No; she opened a trunk, took up this red cloak, and said, "Here is nothing here" - I took and opened the cloak, and felt something in the hood - I said, "Here is something;" she said, "Yes, and it is my mistress;" I found the lining had been unsown and pained up again, with all these articles in it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I picked them off the ground - I never opened any drawer - I found the drop in the ashes, and the rings on the floor. I received no wages.
WILLIAM BALLARD. Her mistress said she had been with her two years, and received no wages, but I found 12l. 2s. 6d. in her box.
MRS. FACEY. I have missed several things; she has only received two sovereigns of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
