





301. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  COOK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of January
, a spoon, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Samuel March 
                  Phillips
               




            .


                  DANIEL 
                  AMIER
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. S. M. Phillips, who lives in Upper Gower-street


. The plate is kept in the butler's pantry - there is an area before the house, and a gate to it. I saw the spoon about three minutes before it was stolen; about half-past three o'clock in the afternoon. I heard a square of glass broken, and ran to the window - the spoon had laid near that window - I ran out and saw the prisoner; he asked me if I had any hare skins - I told him No, and he ran off immediately; I had some suspicion of him, and I counted over the spoons and missed one; I told my fellow servant of it, and the prisoner was brought back in about five minutes, with the spoon. I am certain it is my master's.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SHACKLE
               



            . I am a journeyman jeweller. I was passing along Upper Gower-street, and saw three men looking down the areas - the prisoner was one of them - an organ was playing in the street; I saw the prisoner pointing Mr. Phillips's house out to the others. I went about one hundred yards to the end of the street, and then returned; I knocked at Dr. Moore's door, which is opposite Mr. Phillips's, and asked the servant to let me go into the parlour, and she could witness what I should myself. I took off my great cost and put down my umbrella. I saw the prisoner go down the area, and another waited to receive what he brought up. I had the door left ajar - I heard the glass broken - then went to the door, and saw the prisoner running - I secured one of his companions, and gave him to another person; I then pursued the prisoner, and caught him before I lost sight of him. When I came up to him he gave the spoon a squeeze, and threw it over a wall on the top of some stables; I held him and he insisted on knowing who I was - as I was not an officer he would try who was the best man. I held him till a gardener brought the spoon to me. I tied a handkerchief round the prisoner's hands, and took him back, and gave him to an officer - the person I had given the other to let him go again.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me throw the spoon away? A. Yes; you had a white hat on and a blue apron round your waist, which you let down as you came up.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was sent on an errand to Somers Town. I staid to hear the organ a little; I was then going on, and turned down a street, which I thought was a thoroughfare; the witness came up and said
"You d - d rascal, you are the cause of many servants losing their places;" I said
"If you are not an officer what right have you to stop me?"



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
