





1724. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of August
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of a certain man unknown, from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a patrol of St. James's. On the night of the 24th of August I was in the Quadrant, in Regent-street


; I saw the prisoner go behind a gentleman -I followed, and as the gentleman crossed the road, the prisoner picked his right-hand coat pocket of this handkerchief; he ran off as he saw me going to lay hold of him, and threw down the handkerchief - I took it up and followed him, calling Stop thief! the watchman sprung his rattle, and he was taken.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. What time was this? A. About ten o'clock at night - it was dark, but this was between two lamps; he ran down by the County Fire-office and into another street; here is a mark on the handkerchief; as soon as we had taken him I endeavoured to find who the gentleman was, but he was gone, and I could not find him; I was on the opposite side of the way, and did not lose sight of him as he turned the corner; I swear I saw him throw the handkerchief from his hand at the corner of the Quadrant, where it was quite light; I was hardly five yards from him - I swear I 
saw him take it.


                  GEORGE 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard Williams cry Stop thief! I sprung my rattle, and pursued the prisoner up the street; Williams had picked up the handkerchief - I saw him in a stooping position when the prisoner ran from him; I pursued to Queen-street, he made a halt at the door of the Catherine Wheel, and I took him.
Cross-examined. Q. What distance was the officer from the prisoner? A. I should think not ten yards - there were no sharp turnings, they were in a slanting direction; I did not see the handkerchief thrown away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
