





1765. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE SAMUEL 
                     BALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of February
, certain fixtures, (i.e.) 2 pairs of window sashes, value 30s., and 2 locks, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Anthony 
                           Pratt
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building
            ; against the Statute, &c.


                  EMANUEL 
                  PLAYER
               



            . I am a house agent for Mr. Anthony Pratt, who has a house in Raven's-buildings, Whitechapel


. On the 6th of February there were two sashes taken from the front parlour, and two from the back - I had seen them safe the evening before, and missed them at nine o'clock in the morning; I had opened the house the evening before, and put the other keys in the front parlour, and took the parlour and street door keys away - when I went in the morning the parlour door was open, and the sash frames gone; the officer showed me the frames the next day - I compared them with the window places; they fitted exactly, and I have no doubt they belonged there - two locks, which had been taken off, were fitted to their places.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Were not the sashes burnt? A. Yes, a little; but the tops and bottoms fitted exactly - there was sufficient left to fit in; it was not a common size - they had but six squares, and there were eight squares in the sashes of the other houses in that street - all frames, having the same number of squares, are not of the same size; I had seen them hundreds of times - a man named Bailey was transported for this very offence; I distinctly swear that I saw the frames the same day as I missed them.


                  THOMAS 
                  GREEALY
               



            . One morning in February last, about seven o'clock, I saw a man opposite my door, in Parsey's-gardens, which is less than a quarter of a mile from where they were taken - he had two sashes, which laid up against the wall; I do not know who he was - in about a second I saw the prisoner going into a house in North-street with two sashes; I went on to my place of work, and saw the man I had first seen go into the same place as the prisoner did - it was the day the other man was taken up.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen the prisoner before? A. Yes, and knew him - he was just at the door, but I saw him quite sufficiently to know him.


                  THOMAS 
                  CARRANT
               



            . I am an officer; I went with Vann to a house in North-street, which is kept by the prisoner's grandmother - we knocked some time before she let us in; we looked throught the window and saw a person go out at the back door, but I cannot say that it was the prisoner - when the street door was opened we went up stairs; we found some glass and some frames - I met Bailey coming out of the room and took him; he was tried - we took theprisoner from information - we fitted the frames and lines to the place they had been taken from.


                  JOHN 
                  VANN
               



            . I went with this witness to the prisoner's grandmother's; I found a lot of sashes broken up and two locks in the lower room - I did not see any person leaving the premises; I only saw Bailey, who has been convicted.


                  THOMAS 
                  GREEALY
               



            . I saw the house the officer went into; it is within one door of Parsey's-gardens - I saw the articles taken from the house that morning.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 30th of July I was standing at the corner of Worship-street, Norton Falgate - I saw the prisoner go into a public-house, and he saw me, I suppose; I had been in search of him for some time - I waited a few minutes, and then went and looked in at the window; he was not there - I then saw him come out of a court and crossed towards him; he ran up Worship-street - I saw it was of no use to run after him, and turned up another street, which brought me into the Curtain-road - I saw the prisoner again; he saw me, and ran into a dust yard, which had no thoroughfare - I looked up a hole over some breeze and saw the prisoner's legs; I said, "George, come down" - he said, "Keys, I will come to you" - I said, I took him for some sashes, for which Bailey had been tried; he said, "It is all right, I don't care for that" - as we were going to the office he said,"Cannot you settle it with me; I have 14s. in my pocket which I will give you, if you will let me go?" I said, "That is not the way I do my business; keep the money, you will want it" - I knew of no other charge against him.
Cross-examined. Q. When was this? A. About six months after the robbery.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
