






483. 
               
                  HANNAH 
                  PATTISON
               



             and 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  DAY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of February
, a purse, value 6 d.; six sovereigns, and eighteen shillings, the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Metcalf
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES METCALF. I am a seaman
. I came on shore on the 2d of February; and about ten o'clock at night I went home with Day. I had got acquainted with her at the Bunch of Grapes, public-house, about eight o'clock - Pattison was not then in her company. I went to her lodgings, in Blue-coat-fields


 - she took me into a lower room, my shipmate and another girl were in the room, and we all supped together. When I left the public-house I had seven sovereigns; and after supper I gave one to Day to get some rum and beer - she got them, and returned me 18 s. My sovereigns, were in a purse in my left hand pocket, it was a new red purse, which I had bought that afternoon. After supper I fell asleep on the chair - my shipmate and the girl were then gone to bed. Day awokeme, and asked me where my money was? I had not seen Pattison in the room at all till after I awoke. I told Day she had robbed me - she then ran away. I was looking for my shoes, when Pattison came in very much intoxicated, and asked what I did there? She showed me a sovereign, and said she had got drunk at my expence. I tried to get it from her, and she tried to put it into her month. I went and called my shipmate out of bed - he was up stairs in the same house - he went and got the watchman. I told him what had happened. In about an hour the watchman brought Day back to the room - there was only 1 s. 3 d. found on her. I have never seen the purse nor the rest of the money.


                  THOMAS 
                  LIDDELL
               



            . I am a shipmate of Metcalf's. I went with him and two women to the house where he lost his money - 
               
                  Mary 
                  Barker
               



             was with me. I saw Metcalf count out of his purse six sovereigns, after he had given Day one to go and get some liquor; she brought him back 18 s. Barker could not have taken his money, she and I went to bed soon after we had supped. Metcalf called me up about half-past two, and said he was robbed of every farthing. I came down, and found Pattison in the room, very much intoxicated. Day was gone. I went out and told the watchman, and we went together in search of her.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I was a watchman. I found Day nearly opposite the house where she lives; in a house of very bad character. I took her to the house she lived at, and told her the man had been robbed. She denied the charge - I searched them both, and found 6 d. in Pattison's mouth, and 1 s. 3 d. on Day.
DAY'S Defence. I met him - we went home to have some supper - I asked Pattison to lend me her room, as I had no fire in mine: the other man and his companion went up to bed soon afterwards. I then asked if he was going to settle with me? He said he would not till the morning. I told him I would not trust him till the morning. I then went up, locked my own door, and went out.
PATTISON'S Defence. The other prisoner asked me to let her and a young man sup in my room, which I agreed to do. I went out, and did not come home till about three o'clock in the morning, when I found Metcalf there, but no other person. I told him to leave the room, as I wanted to go to bed. He then said he had lost some money, but I know nothing about it.
DAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PATTISON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
