





1897. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  FRASER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of August
, 10 pair of stockings, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Castle
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SMEE
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street. On the 19th of August, I was on duty - I saw the prisoner and another man in company - the other man took some stockings from Mr. Castle's door in Oxford-street


, which he gave to the prisoner and ran away; the prisoner ranover to Queen-street - a gentleman caught him, and brought him back with the stockings, and gave them to me; I had pursued him, but could not run as fast as the gentleman did; I wanted the gentleman to come to the office, but he would not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMSON
               



            . I am son-in-law to Samuel Castle. the officer brought in the prisoner and this bundle of ten pairs of stockings, which are his property; the gentleman came in with him, he said he had done his duty. and would have no more to do with it.
Prisoner. Q. Did the gentleman come into the shop till I was there for some time time? A. Yes, he came in with you, I am sure; I went into the parlour, and as I was coming out again the officer and the gentleman came in with you; he went away directly - my uncle had been in the shop before, and he came in again, and kept the people from the door.
Prisoner's Defence. There were two gentlemen who saw me pick up the stockings, and they came in and said"You have got some property which a person stole and ran away with;" I said "I have picked it up;" they said"Come into the shop, and clear yourself;" I turned back, and went into the shop, and in five minutes the officer and a gentleman came in, and asked what was the matter, as there was a mob round the door - these two gentlemen are kept out of the way.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
