






71. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     IRELAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 21st of October
, one watch, value 3 l. and one key, value 1 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  CATHERINE 
                  HILTON
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Smith, who is a milkman
, and lives in Bunhill-row


. On the 21st of October, at seven o'clock, a knock came against the door with a hand, as if a child did it. I opened it, and saw the prisoner. I am certain it was him - he asked if my mistress or master were at home. They were up stairs, but I said they were not in the way - he asked for half-a-penny worth of milk to drink. I crossed the room, and got a tumbler to measure it; turned round, found the door flung too, and he was gone, I saw the watch on the mantle-piece a quarter of an hour before, and nobody came from there till it was missed but him; about eight o'clock, when mistress came down to let a friend out she missed it. I was in the room till that time. I saw him again on the Tuesday after, following a procession to the Queen. He was in Bunhill-row. I ran and told my master, but we could not find him. He was taken a week after. I am certain he is the person.


                  HARRIET 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am the girl's mistress. I was at home on Sunday, sitting in the first floor with my husband, and a friend; the girl was in the parlour, where the milk is sold. About seven o'clock, I heard the door flung violently too. I went down about eight o'clock to let a friend out; the clock was striking, and my husband called to me, to see if it was eight or nine o'clock, I then missed the watch; I had seen it there between five and six o'clock; I had been down two or three times that evening, and always fastened the door after the customers.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner; the girl said he was the boy. The watch is not found.
Prisoner's Defence. I can prove I was at home at the time.


                  SARAH 
                  STOKES
               



            . I live in White Horse-court, Whitecross-street. On the evening stated in the indictment, I went to ask the prisoner's mother to let her youngest child come and play with mine - it was about half-past six o'clock; she said he was going to bed, being ill.
Q. What day was it - A. Sunday the 22d, the prisoner was on the stairs; she said he was undressed, or he should come - he had his shoes and stockings on. Stennett was there; I had been there, in and out, in the course of the day. The prisoner's parents are poor, they had no clean linen for him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STENNETT
               



            . I belong to the London Dock Company. I called on the prisoner's father about a bedstead, I had left at his house; he was a-bed when I called in the morning, and his father was reading - it was about nine or ten o'clock. I returned about eleven o'clock, the boy was not come down, but I talked to him at the top of the stairs. He never left the house till nine or ten o'clock at night, as I am a living mortal; I dined there with his father mother, and two or three children; the prisoner did not dine with us, he was up stairs all day, as his mother could not let him have any clean linen - some dinner was carried up to him. I had broth for my dinner, being ill - I paid no attention to what the family had. I breakfasted before I went to the house. Mrs. Stokes came in after it was dark; we had tea about half-past eight o'clock. I heard the prisoner was apprehended a week or ten days after - I did not go to the Magistrate. The prisoner did not come down all day, he was laying on his father's bed.
ISABELLA FOLLET. On the 22d of October, I am sure the prisoner was not out of the house all day, and never put shoe or stocking on - he did not get up till two o'clock and did not go out all day.
Q. What did he do at two o'clock - A. He went down into the kitchen to dinner, and only had slippers and a dirty shirt on; he dined with the family and Stennett. I live up stairs, but I came down, and saw them at dinner; I am sure he dined with them - they all sat round the table. Stokes called about six o'clock, the prisoner was then on the stairs - I heard him going up, as I came down; he was ashamed to go down, not having stockings on. He went to bed after tea, about seven o'clock.
- IRELAND. I am the prisoner's father. He went to bed on Saturday night, and did not get up till Monday morning. Stennett dined with me and my family that day, the prisoner, his brother, and two grand children; we had a boiled hock of bacon for dinner - Mrs. Stokes came in at dinner time. I went to the Catholic chapel, Moorfields, that morning about nine o'clock; we dined about three o'clock. Stennett generally fetches the porter - he always dines with me on Sundays.
Q. Was there any soup or broth, or any spoon victuals - A. I know on Sundays my wife sometimes makes stews of the meat.
Q. I suppose Stennett is a man in health, and makes a good dinner - A. Yes, Stennett and I generally walk to the bridge on Sundays, but whether we did that day, I cannot say. Stennett generally pays for the beer at dinner. I am positive the prisoner neither had shirt, shoe, or stocking on, all day, only slippers, his coat, waistcoat, and trowsers, for his shirt was in the wash-tub, as I was out late, and did not bring the money home to redeem it. Stokes is generally in and out at our house all day. I positively swear, if this was the last moment I had to live, that the prisoner had neither shirt, shoe, or stocking on, for he pulled his slippers off, and began paring his toe-nails; I said it was unlucky, and told him to leave off.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
