





838. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of May
. one clock, value 5 l.; two hats, value 10 s., and one umbrella, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Evan 
                           Williams
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  EVAN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a bookseller
, and live in the Strand


. The clock was on a pedestal in the front parlour down stairs. On Sunday night, the 5th of May, between nine and ten o'clock, I was sitting up stairs with my family, and heard the clock strike very loud - I think it struck eighteen or twenty times - I immediately went down stairs, and before I got to the bottom, I heard a violent thundering at the door; I opened it, and was told thieves were in the house, and that one had come out at the back window - I shut the door, and went into the parlour, and close by the window I found two hats and two umbrellas, and found the clock had been removed from the pedestal partly, it was still on the pedestal, and part of it still remained on the space it occupied before. The prisoner was secured outside the door - the two hats were moved off a nail at the back part of the room; the umbrellas were moved across the room. The thieves must have got over the rails, and got in at the window, which was not fastened.


                  CHARLES 
                  CROWTHER
               



            . I live next door to Mr. Williams. I am porter at the Craven Hotel. About twenty minutes before ten o'clock, I saw the prisoner inside Mr. Williams's room - the window was open; I gave an alarm - he came out of the window and was secured. He said he went in to fetch his hat.
GUILTY. Aged 16.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
