





1658. 
               
                  LOUISA 
                  CAUFIELD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of July
, 1 watch, value 3l., 1 chain, value 5s.,and 1 key, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Russell
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM RUSSELL. I am a journeyman carpenter
. On the 5th of July, about half-past eleven o'clock at night. I was going home; the prisoner met me in Titchbourn-street and asked me for something to drink - I refused; she then caught hold of me by the arm and walked some distance by my side; we then stopped about three minutes in Jermyn-street


 - she left me all of a sudden; a young man came up and asked if I had lost anything; I felt and missed my watch - she was taken in about ten minutes: my watch was safe ten minutes before when I left my father; she was the only person I spoke to.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. She spoke to you first? A. Yes - we stood together three minutes: I had been drinking in the early part of the evening - I cannot say I was sober; I knew what I was about - I do not recollect going to any gin shops; I had 3s. and a few halfpence - I did not spend that on her, for I found money in my pockets next morning; I did not give her the watch.


                  JONAS 
                  HOILES
               



            . I am a plasterer. I saw the prosecutor with the prisoner on the night in question - I watched them, and saw the prisoner holding the prosecutor by the arm; I stopped and watched - I saw her hand about the waistband of his trousers; after that she saw me, and turned her back towards me, and her face towards the prosecutor, and in a very short time left him - he appeared as if he had lost something; he ran towards Pall-mall; I went after him, and asked if he had lost anything - he exclaimed, "She has got my watch;" we followed her - I saw her go into a shop in Jermyn-street; I went and found her there - I heard the watch fall from her, and picked it up; I have not a doubt it fell from her.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you near enough to hear the conversation between them? A. No - I cannot tell whether he gave it her to pawn.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am an officer. I received the watch from Hoiles - the prisoner said she had never seen it, and knew nothing of it, but in our way from the office on Monday she said he gave it her instead of money.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating, that they had gone to several gin shops together - that the prosecutor had given her the watch to borrow 10s. on it, and what the witness saw, was her feeling in his waistcoat pocket, by his desire, to see if he had any half-pence to purchase more gin - she found 2 1/2d., which she returned, and she had gone into the shop to borrow the 10s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RUSSELL
               



            . She did not return me 2 1/2d.


                  JONAS 
                  HOILES
               



            . I did not see them go into any gin shops - it was a quarter to twelve o'clock when I saw him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
