





858. 
               
                  
                     CAROLINE 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of May
, a watch, value 7 l.; a seal, value 10 s.; a key, value 5 s.; and a ribbon, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Schroeder
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SCHROEDER
               



            . I live in King-street. Between the 8th and 9th of May, about one o'clock in the morning (I had been in the City), I met the prisoner in Fitzroy-street, and asked her the nearest road to Oxford-street; she took me to Market-street, Fitzroy-market


; she laid hold of my watch and snatched it, and ran away into a house, but I watched the house, and the watchman said he would assist me. I described her to him, but he could not find her; we watched some time, but she did not come out; I saw the watch again at the office; we did not go to any place together.
Prisoner. I met him in Oxford-street, not in Fitzroy-street - Witness. I have seen her in Oxford-street, but not on that night.


                  RICHARD 
                  HOSEY
               



            . I am a constable. Between one and two o'clock in the morning of the 9th of May, Schroeder said he had lost his watch, seal, and key; that he had been in company with a female under the piazzas of the market, and she had snatched it and ran into one of the houses - he was not certain whether it was No. 7 or 8. I got under the piazzas and saw a light, and heard people talking in one of the rooms, and while we were talking, the light was put out. Two people came out of the house, and I desired another watchman to go round and meet them. Schroeder had described the person of the woman. I met the prisoner in Grafton-street, and she appeared to answer the description. I told her she was accused of robbing a gentleman, which she denied. I saw the watch at Mary-le-bone watch-house, in the possession of Howard.


                  HENRY 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I am constable of the night - when the prisoner was brought in, she denied knowing any thing about the watch; but it was found on a person of the name of Seabright, who was brought in afterwards. I don't know that the prisoner had been in company with Seabright.


                  RICHARD 
                  HOSEY
               



             re-examined. Seabright was with her, arm in arm, when I apprehended her.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking in Oxford-street, and that gentleman accosted me, and asked me to accompany him to a house - he said he had no money, but gave me his watch to hold - Seabright came and took it from me - I sent for him and he came, and brought it to the watch-house.


                  JOHN 
                  SCHROEDER
               



            . Upon my oath I did not give it to her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
