





831. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BUTCHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of May
, one hat, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Angelo
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  ANGELO
               



            . On the 3rd of May at a quarter before ten o'clock at night, I was in Spa-fields


, I turned round and saw two men behind me; the prisoner made a sudden spring at me, and took off my hat, and made off as fast as he could; I followed and he was taken. I charged him with taking my hat, he said he had not got it. I am sure he is the man. When we got to the watch-house, he said,
"You can't swear to my face."


                  JOSEPH 
                  HUTCHINSON
               



            . I am a watchman. I was at the corner of Charles-street, Northampton-square. I heard the cry; I went up Lloyd's-row, and a watchman gave the prisoner to me. When he was put into the watch-house I returned with the prosecutor about the middle of Lloyd's-row, we found the hat thrown over into a field.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  VERNON 
                  COLALO
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the alarm, and took the prisoner. He had ran about one hundred yards before I took him; he tried to get away.


                  JOHN 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a watchman. I was in Lloyd's-row, and heard the alarm; the prosecutor was pursuing the prisoner. I saw him taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NEWTON
               



            . I am a butcher. I heard a cry of Stop thief! I joined in pursuit, and stopped the prisoner just before the watchmen came up.
Prisoner's Defence. A gentleman ran by me, and I was stopped, but know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
