






73. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WHALEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CALLICOTT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of November
, one waistcoat, value 18 d., and one shawl, value 18 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Pike
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am a patrol of St. George's


. On the 4th of November, about half-past six o'clock, I saw the two prisoners and another lurking about the shops and watched them a considerable time; at last they went to Pike's shop - Whalen took a waistcoat, which hung inside the door, the third man, who escaped, took the shawl - all three ran away. I followed and took Callicott. I got information, and apprehended Whalen in Angel-gardens - I am sure he is the man.
DARCEY DRAKE. I am shopman to 
               
                  Edward 
                  Pike
               



            . The goods were safe a quarter of an hour before the alarm was given, I then missed them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SOMERS
               



            . The prisoners were brought to the watch-house. Whalen said if I would go to Rosemary-lane one Flanagan had got the property.
WHALEN'S Defence. I was at home at the time.
CALLICOTT'S Defence. I heard an alarm, ran up, and was taken.


                  HENRY 
                  BURGESS
               



            . I live in Back-road, Shadwell. On the 4th of November, at six o'clock at night, I went to Whalen's mother's, he came in at half-past six, and I went at eight o'clock, he was then in bed - at ten o'clock I went down again, three watchmen came, and Martin took him on suspicion of his clothes, which they saw in the room. The other watchman said,
"Mind, and be sure" - he said
"D - n you, you are not up to trap." He bears a good character - I never knew he was in Newgate before.


                  CHARLES 
                  MARTIN
               



             re-examined. I went to take Whalen, Burgess was there, and I saw him in the highway when I took Callicott. He came and said,
"Jack, what have you been doing?" I said no such words as he states. I have known the prisoners twelve months, and am certain of their persons.
WHALEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
CALLICOTT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
