





Before Mr. Justice Littledale.
4. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ARNOLD
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Susan 
                        Simmons
                     



                  , spinster

, on the 29th of November
, and stealing 2 handkerchiefs, value 11s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Simpson
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITTINGHAM
               



            . I am a day patrol of Bow-street. I know Mr. Simpson's shop, in the Strand


. On the 2d of November, about six o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner at Simpson's window - when I first came up he was standing pushing his belly close against the window; I had seen him before - I came by him quite sharp, and heard the glass rattling - I crossed over the street, came back on the other side, and stood in a dark doorway; he remained at the window two or three minutes, and then went away - shortly after I went over, and saw the window was cut; this was about a quarter-past six o'clock; he returned in ten or fifteen minutes; I remained there till twenty minutes before nine, and saw him come to the window at least twenty times, but could not see whether he took any thing out, till twenty minutes before nine, when I contrived to be on his left-hand side, where there was a gas-light; I then saw his left-hand go inside the window, and draw these two handkerchief out, and put them into his right-hand coat pocket; I immediately went across, and seized him; his hand was all over blood, and his little finger cut; he said he had nothing about him, but I took the handkerchiefs out of his pocket; I took him into the shop - I found nothing else on him, but an old coat; Mr. Simpson gave me this piece of glass next morning - it was shoved inside the window. When I took him he said if he had two sovereigns to give me it would be all right, and I should let him go.


                  ISAAC 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I am a hosier
, and rent this shop, in the Strand; Susan Simmons occupies the house, and has lived there for twenty-one years - she is executrix to her father, who has been dead about two months; she is above age - there is a son, who is not of age. I also occupy the second and third floors; she lives in the first floor - there is a private door at the back of the house - she generally goes in that way, but on a week-day occasionally passes through the shop; her brother has a situation in Covent-garden, and sometimes sleeps there, and sometimes at home- I did not observe any thing till about a quarter before nine o'clock, when the officer brought the prisoner in, and said he had been robbing the window - he produced these two handkerchiefs which are mine: I had seen them in the window not an hour before, and did not then observe that the window was broken - I had cleaned it in the morning - it was then whole; I took this piece of broken glass out, and gave to the officer.(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 18.




               Of stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
