





1909. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October
, 3 umbrellas, value 2l. 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Pryor
                     




                   and others, his masters
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM RUTTER. I am in partnership with Joseph Pryor and another, umbrella-makers
, Holborn-hill


 - theprisoner came into our service in March. About the 12th of October, in consequence of information, I went to Reeve, a pawnbroker, of Snowhill, and recognized three umbrellas in his window, as our manufacture; they had no ticket on them; I went into the shop and saw lvey, and from what he said I had the prisoner apprehended; Ivey came to our door and pointed him out - he recognized him immediately, and gave us every facility he could; the cost price of two of the umbrellas is 18s. and one 16s., that is rather under the cost price - the retail price is 25s. and 27s. - they would readily fetch that in the trade - we should have an intermediate profit; I charged the prisoner with stealing umbrellas and parasols; he said he had sold none to any body except Reeve; I never gave him authority to sell any.
Cross-examined. Q.Yours is rather a large business? A. Yes; we sell a great many of this description; the prisoner's father is a tube-maker, and worked for us - he makes frames.


                  WILLIAM 
                  IVEY
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Reeve, of Snowhill. The prisoner has been to our shop about twenty times within the last six months, to pawn and sell umbrellas and parasols; I produced to Mr. Rutter some umbrellas which the prisoner sold; I bought two of them myself of him. and paid him 12s. for the large one and 11s. for the small - I cannot say whether I bought the third - they are quite new.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know his father? A. Yes; but I do not recollect ever seeing him at our shop; he repaired umbrellas for us - he did not keep a shop; he has been dead about three years.


                  JOHN 
                  REEVE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live on Snow-hill. I have bought umbrellas of the prisoner, but neither of these - here is one on the table which will not fetch 6d. more than I gave; the Magistrate sent for me three times before I went; as I knew nothing about it I did not think it necessary to go - I did not at all suspect the prisoner, and should not have objected to buy fifty a week of him; I knew him and his friends.


                  FRANCIS 
                  McLEAN
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge; these three umbrellas and a parasol were given to me by Ivey.


                  WILLIAM 
                  IVEY
               



            . These are the umbrellas I bought for 11s. and 12s.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose there are many umbrellas in your shop? A.Several; I know I bought these of him, because I had none others in the window, nor in the shop at the time; I do not consider there is 6d. a yard difference in the quality of the silks; I gave what I thought a fair price, and only asked 14s. for them when Mr. Rutter came to ask the price.
MR. RUTTER. These are our umbellas, they are the best quality that are made in London - I have stated less than the cost price; the frames are marked with the initials of our workman; and for eighteen years I have never seen a silk with this particular border except what was made for us; I cannot say they were never sold, but I believe not - I never allowed him to sell them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
