





1091. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BULL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Phillips
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 24th of August
, taking from his person, and against his will, two seals, value 2 l. 10 s.; one key, value 10 s.; one ring, value 5 s., and part of a watch-chain, value 2 s. 6 d., his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a tea-dealer
, and live in Nicholas-lane. About a quarter before nine o'clock on the evening of the 24th of August, I was going down the Minories


, and at the corner of Red Lion-court the prisoner made a sudden rush at me, and darted at my watch, I put my hand down to protect it, and seized his hands about the wrist - at that time, I believe, he had the seals in hand - and at that instant I was pulled down by some person from behind; I had seen a man at my side when he came up - I felt a stronger jerk at my chain as I was falling. I held the prisoner fast till two watchmen came up. My gold seals, and part of my chain were gone, they broke by the violence of the pull - he had got from my hold before the watchmen came up - they secured him; they were worth about three guineas. I am sure I had hold of them while the prisoner was attempting to get them from me; I have no doubt of his being the man. I found a hat in a doorway at the corner of the court where we had the struggle, I took it to the watch-house, and he claimed it as his own.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. The person snatched at the seals - A. Yes; the seals might have been separated before I seized his wrist, it was done instantly - I am positive of his person; I found him at the watch-house in four or five minutes. There is a public-house at the other corner of the court, the hat was in the doorway of a private house - nobody came from the public-house. I swear to his dress as well as his countenance.


                  JAMES 
                  DUDERIDGE
               



            . I am a slop-seller, and live directly opposite the spot, in the Minories. I was standing at my door, heard a noise on the opposite side, instantly ran over, found Phillips on the ground, and the prisoner just leaving him, without a hat. I jumped over Phillips, and pursued the prisoner - I saw another man near Phillips; the prisoner left him first, and was about a yard from him when I first caught sight of him, the second person was then between me and Phillips, we could not pass him to follow the prisoner till we got to where the court widened (he ran down the court); the second man squatted down to hinder me. Phillips called out, "That is him?" I kept within twenty yards of him, and only lost sight of him in turning the corner - he was stopped in my sight. Phillips brought a hat into the watch-house, which he afterwards claimed.
Cross-examined. Q. Who stopped him - A. A person coming out of a door-way.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a linen-draper, and live next door to Dudderidge, whom I was talking to, when we heard a rush, we ran across, saw Phillips laying down in the court, and followed the prisoner, Dudderidge was before me - I only lost sight of the prisoner while he turned the corner. I am certain he is the man. Phillips brought a hat to the watch-house, which he claimed. We were obliged to push by another man in the court to pursue him.
Cross-examined. Q. What became of the man who stopped him - A. I do not know. I called out Stop thief! the man popped out of a door, put his arms across to stop him, he fell, and I took him.


                  TOBIAS 
                  LOVE
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, he claimed the hat. I found a small knife on him.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
Of stealing from the person only.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
