






429. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PARSONS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     HOLLAND
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Foster
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live at Stoke Newington. On Sunday, the 21st of December, between nine and ten o'clock at night, I was in King-street, entering into Smithfield


, going home; I had a handkerchief safe half an hour before; I did not perceive the prisoners near me; I heard a cry out that my handkerchief was taken; I turned, and Toole had the prisoner by the collar- I felt in my pocket, and it was gone; it was shewn to me by the constable: Parsons was gone; it was shewn to see Holland till next day, at Guildhall.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Were you sober? A.Quite.


                  THOMAS 
                  TOOLE
               



            . I am a shoemaker. I was going up King-street, Smithfield; I saw Mr. Foster and another gentleman arm-in-arm: I saw the prisoners try two or three gentlemen's pockets before they came to Foster, and get the handkerchiefs half out: I saw Holland lift up Foster's pocket two or three times, and saw him take the handkerchief out - Parsons was alongside of him; directly he got it out, he gave it to Parsons: I was five or six yards from them; they crossed over the road to me -I crossed, and went to lay hold of them both; I got Parsons, but Holland ran away on my taking the other; directly I took hold of Parsons, he threw the handkerchief down: a gentleman picked it up, and delivered it to me- I sent a young man whom I met after Holland, who was brought to the watch-house in about half an hour; I gave the handkerchief to Wildey - the prosecutor claimed it; I am quite certain of Holland: I knew both of their persons before.
Cross-examined. Q. You are not a Police-officer? A. No; I was not out with the officers; I have been present accidentally when robberies have been committed: I do not go out to look for these things; it was on Sunday night- I had been up Holborn, Brook-street, and round that way, and met Young; we were together when this happened - we were never engaged in a case together before; I saw Holland lift up the pocket two or three times before; I told the prosecutor the instant it was done; I may have been examined here six or seven times; it is not half so profitable as shoemaking - I can earn twice as much at my business.


                  WILLIAM 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a saddle and harness maker. I was with Toole on Sunday night; I met him in Holborn - I saw the prisoners try several gentlemen's pockets- they got two handkerchiefs half-way out of two gentlemen's pockets; I watched them farther, and saw Foster - they followed him into King-street, up nearly to Smithfield-bars; I saw Holland take the handkerchief out of Foster's pocket, and give it to Parsons, whom Toole collared, and called the prosecutor - Holland ran away; I ran after him, and took him at the corner of West-street, directly - I called the watchman, who took him to St. Sepulchre's watch-house.
Cross-examined. Q. You are Toole's friend? A. We live close together; I went out to take a walk - not to look for thieves; I never gave evidence before; I was five or six yards from the prisoners - I cannot be mistaken.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILDEY
               



            . I am inspector of the watch. I saw the prisoners trying several pockets, between eight and nine o'clock; I was at the watch-house when Parsons was brought in - a handkerchief was produced -Foster saw it, and claimed it; Toole delivered it to me; Holland was afterwards brought in.(Property produced and sworn to.)
PARSON'S Defence. I was on Snow-hill; I saw the handkerchief on the pavement, took it up, and hallooed out to see if anybody owned it; this young man collared me, and accused this prisoner of picking a pocket.
HOLLAND'S Defence. I was coming up; heard a cry of Stop thief! and ran to look at the mob - a gentleman knocked me down, and took me.


                  THOMAS 
                  TOOLE
               



            . I might have seen them about for a month before this; I know them quite well.
PARSONS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
HOLLAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Life
            .
