






897. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JONES
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     READ
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of June
, one handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Ellis 
                           Petch
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ELLIS PETCH
               



            . I am a chymist
, and live in Porter-street, Newport-market


. On the 1st of June, about half-past nine o'clock at night, I was at the entrance of Porter-street, and thought I felt a hand in my pocket; I immediately turned round, and found my handkerchief in the hand of the prisoner Read. I laid hold of him, and at the same time, Jones came and snatched at my watch; two officers secured Read - Jones got away, and was taken about an hour after.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COULTON
               



            . I was going up Whiteheart-yard, into Drury-lane, and saw the prisoners come out of a house, and follow a gentleman all the way to Chancery-lane; the gentleman went into a house, and they stood under the Rolls gateway, and there saw Mr. Petch, and followed him along the Strand, to Newport-market. I saw Read take a handkerchief from Petch's pocket; he turned and took it from him. Jones ran away - he had been following close with Read all the way. I took Read to the watch-house, and in three quarters of an hour, I saw Jones by the New Church, in company with another, and took him. Read made so much resistance, it was a quarter of an hour before I could handcuff him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I was with Coulton; his account is correct. I saw Jones attempt gentlemens' pockets several times.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I assisted in securing Read, fearing a rescne; he made desperate resistance, and the crowd were hustling the officers about.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
READ'S Defence. I never saw Petch.
READ - 

               GUILTY
            .
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for Life
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
