





364. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of January
, one swing looking-glass, value 2 l. 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hale
                  




               
            , (since deceased.)


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a lighterman, and live in Upper Thames-street. On the 8th of January, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was going down Upper Thames-street, and saw the prisoner in company with two others. I saw him first trying a door, they passed on about four doors further, and found a door a-jar - one went in, and the other two waited outside, passing backwards and forwards; their companion came out in a short time without anything - they passed on, I followed, and saw them try another door; they went on till they came to Allhallows church. I met a friend, who joined in watching them - one of them got on a step, and looked into a coach, which was drawn up, and the driver had left. They passed on, we went into a public-house and saw them return to the coach, pass it, then return, and the prisoner left the coach and walked up Suffolk-lane with something; the other two must have been between the coach and the horses. I saw the prisoner had something, followed, and caught him with this swing-glass in his hand. I took him back, and found the coachman coming out of an eating-house, opposite to where the coach stood, he said it was taken out of his coach; the prisoner then resisted and tore my shirt - I kept him fast, and gave him to the officer.


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



            . I know Mr. Williams. He desired me to watch the men; we went into the public-house, the prisoner was with two others; one of them, (the youngest,) went on the steps, and looked into the coach - the prisoner and another walked up and down, and the man on the steps went back and stood against a post, at the corner of Suffolk-lane. I sent Williams after him, the other two went off towards London-bridge - I saw Williams collar the prisoner with the glass, the coachman claimed it.


                  HENRY 
                  DAVEY
               



            . I am the coachman. The glass was in my coach, I brought it from Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hales
               



            , in the Strand. I knew him before, I had put him down at Brick-lane, and was waiting for him; I was to take him up again in an hour, he is now dead.


                  RICHARD 
                  DADY
               



            . I am an officer. I saw him struggling with Williams.
Prisoner's Defence. A gentleman in the lane asked me to carry the glass, Mr. Williams came up and said I stole it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
