





233. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, a wooden box, value 2 s. 6 d., and 74 lbs. of candles, value 2 l. 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Birks
               



             the elder, and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Birks
               



             the younger.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CROCKETT
               



            . I am carman to Messrs. Thomas and Thomas Birks, tallow-chandlers

, of Chelsea. On the 17th of December I was carrying some candles in the waggon to different places, and in Grub-street


 a box was stolen; I missed them at the corner of Moor-lane, when Javerly spoke to me, and in about an hour I found them at Guildhall.


                  KEZIAH 
                  JAVERLY
               



            . I was at the corner of Moor-lane, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning - a man stood there - I saw the prisoner coming towards him - the waggon was a few yards off at the end of the lane; I heard the man say to the prisoner,
"Go on, go on;" the prisoner then went on before me to the tail of the waggon, and attempted to take a box - I stopped to talk with a person, and saw him go over the way, and stand still for a moment, he then ran across, snatched the box out, and run away to the corner of Aldermanbury; it appeared too heavy - he let it slip from his shoulder, and endeavoured to throw it into a waggon which was going on, but did not succeed; the other man ran, and lifted it on his shoulder, ran after the waggon, and threw it into it; the waggoner turned round, and the prisoner said,
"I have thrown a box in which is very heavy - I will give you a pint to give me a lift." I returned and told Crockett, and in half an hour I was fetched to Guildhall. I am certain he is the man.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUNT
               



            . I was writing in the counting-house when this woman came in, and said a man had stolen a box from the waggon - I went out, and followed the waggon, which she pointed out, to Jewin-street, and saw the prisoner taking the box out of it - he put it on his shoulder, walked into Aldersgate-street, and I seized him. He said he was carrying it for the waggoner - I said he had stolen it; he immediately threw it down.


                  STEPHEN 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . I am the prosecutors' servant - the box is their's, and contains about seven dozens of candles.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
