






578. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  PICTON
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  MILLER
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of January
, 2 bushels of oats, value 5s.
             the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Easthope
               




            , Esq.


MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.


                  SILAS 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am coachman to John Easthope, Esq.; he is a Member of Parliament
, and lives at Finchley


; the prisoners have been in his service since last harvest, as labourers and carmen

: I keep the key of the granary; the boy missed it and told me; I looked and it was gone - we watched in the coach-house, which is about seven yards off the granary, and, about four o'clock on Sunday morning, the 27th of January, I saw Miller come into the granary, and Picton after him; they went to a bin, where I had been the night before, and smoothed the oats over; they got a sack and put about two bushels into it; I ran up, but Westwood had got in before me; Miller jumped up and ran out, and Picton after him; Picton fell down, but he got up and ran away in a moment - I am quite certain the sack had not been there the night before; it was very wet, and could not have got wet in the granary: I went, in about half an hour, with a constable, and took the two prisoners at their own houses; they said they had not been near the place, and had not seen one another since the night before, when they had a pint of beer together.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What time was this? A. Between four and five o'clock in the morning; the moon was just gone down, but there was light enough for us to see them, and we heard their voices before we saw them; they were about three yards from me; I told them to stand, or I would fire upon them - I had a gun in my hand, and a pistol in my pocket: I could see them in the granary; I could not see them at the bin, nor did I see them put the corn in the sack - when I went to take them, they came down and opened the door; one of them had the charge of his own horses, and could feed them when he pleased at the stable, which is about half a mile from the granary.


                  VINCENT 
                  WESTWOOD
               



            . I am stable-boy to Mr. Easthope; I watched with Williams on the night of the 26th of January; I saw the oats safe that night; I watched till four or five o'clock in the morning, and saw Miller come into the yard; he tried the granary door; the dog barked; he cought hold of the dog and gave it to Picton, who led him to the bottom of the steps and fed him: they then went into the granary; I went up to the granary first, but they both got out, and ran away as fast as they could - I found the wet sack in the granary, which had not been there the night before.
Cross-examined. Q. How far were you from the granary? A. About seven yards; we were in the coach-house - I saw Piston standing there; Miller stood before him; but I cannot say I saw them filling the sack.


                  JAMES 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a constable; I went and took the prisoners at their own houses; they denied it, and said they had not seen each other since the night before.


                  ANDREW 
                  DINGWALL
               



            . I am carter to Mr. Easthope; I feed the horses at his farm: the prisoners had nothing to do with the granary - there was corn in the bin at the stable.
Cross-examined. Q. But if there had not been corn in the stables, you would get it at the granary? A. Yes.
PICTON'S Defence. I got it for my master's horses.
PICTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.
MILLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
