






1422. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     EMMETT
                  




               
             & 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WALKER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of July
, 1 fender, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  David 
                  Levy
               




            .
CHARLES EMMETT 


               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BENJAMIN LEVY. I am the son of 
               
                  David 
                  Levy
               



            , broker
, of St. John-street


. This fender was lost from there on the9th of July: I do not know the prisoner, but I saw him at the watch-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MENEB
               



            . On the 9th of July I was opposite Levy's shop near the Queen's Head; Terry, the officer, passed me, went over the street, and called out for assistance; I went - he secured Emmett, and told me to go and take the prisoner, who had then got about fifty yards off; I went and collared him; he said, "What have I done?" I said, "I don't know - come back."


                  JAMES 
                  TERRY
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner and Emmett at the prosecutor's house; Emmett took the fender and walked on to the prisoner - I went and took Emmett; I had watched them in company together for about a quarter of an hour.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I live in Ratcliff-highway. I had done half a day's work that day, and thought I would go and see my aunt at Islington; in returning I lost my way, and went down St. John-street - I asked Emmett the way to Ratcliff-highway; he said,
"You can go right across Smithfield;" I was walking on, and this gentleman came and laid hold of me.



               NOT GUILTY
            .
