





1412. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LATIMORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of October
, two chair cushions, value 16 s.; a cloak, value 10 s.; a silk net, value 5 s.; a thermometer, value 2 s.; the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas George 
                        Street
                     



                  ; a coat, value 5 s.; the goods of 
                     
                        Arthur 
                        March
                     



                  ; and a coat, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Walker
                  



               
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am gardener
 to Mr.
 Thomas George Street, of Kilburn, in Middlesex. On the 22d of October, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I met March, and in consequence of what he said, I went to the coach-house, and found it had been broken open, with a screw driver or small chissel.


                  ARTHUR 
                  MARCH
               



            . I am under gardener to Mr. Street. I found the coach-house and stable broken open about seven o'clock in the morning. I had seen it safe about six on the night before; a jacket of mine and two chair cushions; a cloak, and a silk net, (which had been there the night before,) were all gone - one of the cushions was stuffed with hair. I have never seen the things since; but I have seen some hair and a cushion case. I do not know the prisoner.

JAMES
             I lived with Mr. Street as groom, but I was not with him at the time of the robbery. I know the cushions by some marks on them - this is the case of one of them.


                  JAMES 
                  MASON
               



            , I am a labourer. I have a piece of cloth and a towel, which I found in a field, about two hundred yards from Mr. Street's house, on the 22d of October, about six o'clock in the morning; it appeared to have had horse hair in it - there are some bits about it. I have seen the prisoner before, but had not seen him that morning.
PHILLIP WEBSTER. I am a patrol; my beat is on the Kilburn-road. I met the prisoner on the 21st of October, at half-past twelve o'clock at night, in company with another man - I knew him very well; he was going towards Mr. Street's house; I did not speak to him, but noticed him particularly; I did not see him again till next morning about half-past seven o'clock, when he was in Lisson-street, carrying a bundle into a person's house of the name of Lloyd. Shellswell followed him in, and I waited till he came out.


                  THOMAS 
                  SHELSWELL
               



            . I am a patrol. I saw the prisoner on the Friday morning at Mrs. Lloyd's; he was then shutting the back door of a room behind the shop - I looked round, but could not see anything except some horse-hair in the scale, where Mrs. Lloyd was standing - no other person was in the shop. I made an excuse and came out. I did not open the room door - in the evening I heard of Mr. Street's robbery. I went on the Saturday to Mary-le-bone office, and met the prisoner on the Kilburn-road. I said he must come with me, and asked him where the remainder of the horse-hair was; he said
"I have sold all I had." I came on with him, and sent him on by Webster to the office. I went to the office and got a search warrant, and went with Stowel to Mrs. Lloyd's house and there we found some hair in a bag, which exactly corresponded with some that was given me as a pattern, which had been picked up; they appeared to be one and the same; the hair in the cushion cover was of the same colour as the bundle of hair.


                  SARAH 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I live at No. 48, Lisson-street, Mary-le-bone, and deal in Marine-stores. I bought 1 1/2 lb. of old horse-hair of the prisoner for 9 d.; he said
"I have picked up a bit of horse-hair, is it good for anything." I have seen him before, for my bricklayer had employed him to empty a well. I weighed the horse-hair, and the officer saw it in the scale; the prisoner never went into any room or cupboard; the officer is wrong about that - I think this is the same hair.
Prisoner. Q. How can you swear that it is the same horsehair - A. I never did swear to it. I put the hair into a bag outside the door; I bought some more hair the same day; there came in a large chair-bottom of grey hair afterwards.


                  THOMAS 
                  DENNIS
               



            . I took a sample of hair which I found in a field, to compare with that at Mrs. Lloyd's.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked up some horse hair in the out yard by a heap of dung - I took it to Mrs. Lloyd's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
