





624. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  PALMER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, 1 set of harness, value 25s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Frankhouse Smith 
                  Shortland
               




            .
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHORTLAND
               



            . I am son of Mr. Shortland who lives at Staines


. I went out on the 10th of January with the horse and cart; I returned about four o'clock in the afternoon - I put the horse up and hung the harness on a nail in the stable; I left the stable secure at seven o'clock: next morning I went at a quarter before seven and the the door was open, the padluck hanging by the staple, and the harness gone; it was a snowy morning, but there had been no snow for a week before; I afterwards saw some of the harness at the Angel and Crown public-house at Staines in possession of Layton - I know the prisoner perfectly well, he lives on Staines-moor with his sister-in-law.
FRANKHOUSE SMITH SHORTLAND. I am father of William Shortland. I saw him come home on the 10th of January and put up the horse and harness - I afterwards saw part of the harness in possession of the officer - this is part of it, which I can swear to.


                  JAMES 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I live at Haddon, in the parish of Belfont; I deal in pigs, cows, fruit and other things; I knew the prisoner before, but never spoke to him above three times - he came one snowy morning and brought some harness to me; I think it is about five or six weeks ago - I had not observed any other snowy morning aboutthat time - he came into the yard before I was up; and called Reynolds, and hit the window with his whip; I got up, put on some of my clothes and came down to him: he said "I have got some of harness" I opened the stable door and he put it in; he said he brought it from 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dexter
               



            , who lives on Staines-moor; I have seen Dexter and him together - I did not see the harness then, but he said they were very much in distress and asked me to give him half a guinea for it; I said I would not, he might take it away: he then said would I give him 7s.; I said "I shall give you nothing at all;" he then said "Give me 3s. that will do to buy something for dinner;" I said "I shall give you nothing." I fastened the door and went up stairs to go to bed again; I saw the prisoner get up into his cart again and drive off - there was another person in the cart, but I do not know who; I came down again in about an hour, and found the harness in the stable - it had been put in after I went up stairs; part of it was in a sack, and part had come out of the sack; Layton, who I did not know before came to my house some time afterwards; I was not at home, but came in while he was there - he said "I have come on an unpleasant business, about this harness;" he took it away and I went before the Magistrate; the prisoner and Dexter were committed; I had used the saddle of this harness for I had a resolute horse in my cart, which broke a part of my harness and the shaft of the cart, and the next morning I sent my boy to harness the horse, and he put the saddle of this harness upon him.


                  JAMES 
                  APPLEBY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Reynolds. I recollect the prisoner coming to my master's one morning with a sack, with harness in it.


                  GEORGE 
                  LAYTON
               



            . I am a constable of Staines. I went to Reynold's house a fortnight ago last Monday; I found this harness there - Reynolds gave me every information.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. If Reynolds is capable of swearing that, he is capable of taking a man's life away; I do not know him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
