





915. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GOUGH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Milburn
                        




                     
                  , about two o'clock in the afternoon of the 30th of June
 (no person being therein,) and stealing one coat, value 15 s.; two pair of pantaloons, value 15 s.; one shirt, value 7 s., and two blankets, value 3 s., his property
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MILBURN
               



            . I am an officer of the Customs
, and live at Stepney


. On the 30th of June, about eight o'clock in the morning, I went out and locked the house up - one of the windows might have been left open to the air in. I returned about five, and found the neighbours round the house. A window was open, and also a door which had been unlocked inside - the house stands alone. I missed this property, which was all safe when I went out. Different articles in the house were moved and had marks of sooty fingers.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NORTH
               



            . I am twelve years old. On the day of the robbery I met the prisoner, who was dressed as a chimney-sweeper. I saw him look over the bank of a field opposite the prosecutor's house - he said,
"I will get it now if I can." I went to see what it was. He went to the garden door and knocked at the front door - two other sweeps were with him. He asked me if I belonged to the house? I said No. He then said,
"What are you looking at?" I went and told my mother. I saw him brought out of the house in about a quarter of an hour.


                  SARAH 
                  MARSHALL
               



            . I live next door but one to Milburn. On the 30th of June I was cleaning the first-floor window; my father was passing, and said he believed some one was breaking into Milburn's house. I went, and found the garden-gate broken open - I also saw a window open. My father being lame, told me to get in at the window - I got in, and he stood outside. I saw the house had been rifled, and searched two rooms. I thought I heard a noise in the third room, went in, and heard a noise in the chimney. I called my father; he went to see that the person did not get out at the top. I put my hands up, laid hold of his leg, and pulled him down - it was the prisoner - I brought him out to my father through a door, which was open - he was secured. The drawers were open, and sooty marks on the linen.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHRISTIAN
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in charge. He asked for his hat, and said it was on the stove - I found it there.
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning from Stratford, and went in to ask if the chimnies wanted doing; the woman shoved me into the house, she did not find me in the chimney.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
Of stealing only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
