





805. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WESTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of April
, 7 prints, value 1d; 1 half-sovereign, 1 half-crown, 29 shillings, 113 sixpences, 106 penny-pieces, 180 halfpence, and 4 farthings
            , the property of 
               
                  Theodosius 
                  Williams
               




            , his master.
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.
THEODOSIUS WILLIAMS. I am proprietor of the New Post-office Coffee-house, St. Martin's-le-grand




. The prisoner had been my waiter
 for about a fortnight - I had not settled with him about wages; I do not know whether my sister had - she is my housekeeper; I was out on the 2d of April.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is this a coffee house, or a coffee shop? A. I call it a coffee-house - I sell no wine, nothing but coffee; I have one lodger.
Q. I am told the prisoner was to have what he could get? A. No, that I never allow - I was to see what he was capable of, before we came to terms; he had lived at a house of the same description on the opposite side of the way, which was to be pulled down: I charged him before the Alderman with taking money, but the Alderman thought the prints sufficient, as I could not identify the coins.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am the prosecutor's brother. On the 2d of April I was in the coffee-shop, minding the business - a person in the room gave me information; I asked the prisoner to walk into the bar, and remain there while I sent for my brother - he asked what he was there for, and shuffled into the room; I requested a witness to keep his eye on him - my brother did not come; I sent for an officer, and asked him in the officer's presence what money he had on his person - he said 7s. or 8s. - he was searched, and 7s. 6d., I think, found in his pocket; I asked him to take off his shoes - he resolutely refused; the officer insisted on it, but he refused him also; I asked his reason - he said, "I have money in my shoes, but the money is my own;" after a trifling resistance his shoes were taken off, and 18s. or 19s. in shillings and sixpences found in them; I then went to the room where the servants sleep - he refused to give up the key of his box, which the officer asked him for - he ultimately gave it up; there was a left hand drawer in one part of his box, with 16s. in copper in it - I pointed out some drawers under this drawer, and in them we found 3l. 10s. 6d. in shillings and sixpences, including half a sovereign; a person in the room produced some prints.
Cross-examined. Q. In what capacity do you attend this coffee-shop? A. I was merely there during my brother's absence - I have nothing to do with the concern; it is an extensive establishment - my sister could not attend to the whole; she is not here - her duty is in the bar generally: Nathan had given me the information; I was before the Magistrate - he was charged there with stealing the money - the pictures was a second charge; I do not know what the commitment was drawn up for - I told the Magistrate a witness had seen him receive money from customers, and put it into his pocket instead of bringing it to the till.


                  SAMUEL 
                  NATHAN
               



            . I am a dealer in slippers. I was at Williams's house on the 2d of April - the prisoner was attending the room as a waiter; I observed him take money from the customers two or three times, and put it into his pocket, instead of taking it to the bar - I went and told Williams's brother; he called him to the bar; I went out to fetch the master of the house - when I returned Sargeson gave me information, and I picked up some prints in the box where the prisoner had been sitting - there was a sixpence and a penny-piece on the ground with them.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you a wholesale slipper-dealer? A. Wholesale and retail; I keep no shop, but sell my goods in St. Paul's church-yard; I go to this coffee-shop for refreshment morning and evening; I knew it was not the rule of the house for waiters to put money into their pockets, as I had always seen them put it in the till at the bar; Williams' brother was also acting as waiter - he did not put money into his pocket.
Q. How do you know the prisoner did not intend to return the money to his employer? A. I saw him do this two or three times; and have seen him do it when Mr. Williams was at home, but had no opportunity to tell Mr. Williams. I sometimes sell dozens of slippers at a time, and call that wholesale; I sold twenty pairs last night to the head waiter at the Hummums; I have sold a gross at a time to persons coming to me in St. Paul's church-yard, where I have stood five or six years, and am known.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SARGESON
               



            . I am a porter. I was at Williams' on the afternoon of the 2d of April, and saw the prisoner there; I heard an officer was sent for - my attention was not directed to him before that: when the officer was sent for I saw him take some papers from his waistcoat pocket, and throw them under the seat; I saw him putting something from his pocket into his shoes; I picked up the papers - they were pictures; I placed them on the bar, and the officer took them.
Cross-examined. Q. Then Nathan did not pick them up? A. He went first, and picked some of them up; I am porter at the Angel, Angel-street, St. Martin's-le-grand, kept by Mr. Robinson; I live there still, and use this coffee-shop every evening; other persons like myself go there; I dare say there were twenty people in the room; I do not think they knew what was passing, as Mr. Williams kept it private that the officer was sent for; I do not know that the prisoner knew it; I heard it mentioned, but it was not said loud.
WILLIAM HARRIS. I am an officer. I was fetched to this coffee-house, and found the prisoner standing in the bar; the prints were brought to me by Nathan and Sargeson while I was searching him; I found 8s. 6d. in his waistcoat pocket; I suspected he had more, and asked him to take his shoes off, which he refused - I took them off by force, and in both shoes I found 18s. or 18s. 6d. in shillings and sixpences; I found the key of his box in his possession, and said I suspected it was the key of his box; I put it on the drawers while I proceeded to search; he almost immediately made a spring from where he stood, and seized the key: I told him to give it to me, but he said he would not: I was determined to have it, and took it by force, after two or three minutes' struggle; I then took him up to his bed-room, with Mr. Thomas Williams; the prisoner showed me his box; I opened it with the key, and found at one end of it 16s. 2 1/2d. in copper monies, loose, and in a private drawer which I did not notice on first opening the box, I found 3l. and 6d., consisting of a half-sovereign and silver; there were seventy-eight sixpences among it. I took him in charge. I produced the prints and money before the Alderman.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not the Alderman say the only things he could take cognizance of, was the prints? A. I did not hear him say so.
THEODOSIUS WILLIAMS. These prints are mine; they are stamped "Williams' coffee and reading rooms."
Cross-examined. Q. What is the value of them? A. They are taken from the Gentleman's Magazine; I value them at a penny in the indictment, but the injury done to the work is considerable; I consider them worth much more than the price I have put on them.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the papers.
GUILTY. Aged 17.
Of 


               stealing the prints only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
