






953. 
               
                  LAZARUS 
                  JACOBS
               




             and 
               
                  DAVID 
                  MOSES
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, 1 purse, value 5s.; 1 crown, 3 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 4 halfpence, the property of 
                     
                        Rebecca 
                        Bland
                     




                  , from her person
            .
REBECCA BLAND. I am single
. On the 10th of March, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Whitechapel


, and lost my purse, containing one crown, three shillings, a sixpence, and twopence; it was in my basket. I was standing still, and received a blow on my back, and before I could turn, another person rushed by me, and nearly pushed me down - I saw Moses running away; Jacobs seemed to be mixing with the people, and walking fast - the people gathered round and told me I was robbed - and I missed my purse; I have not found it. I am sure they are the same persons who had made a similar attempt on me about three-quarters of an hour before.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Are you sure they are the same men? A. I am, for one of them struck me the first time in Whitechapel, and the other lifted up the lid of my basket. I did not see them the second time till I saw Moses running away - I suppose Moses is the one who took the purse. I have said I could not identify the man who robbed me, and I repeat it, for I did not see it done.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. On the 10th of March I was with Hackwell in Whitechapel, and saw the prisoners together near Petticoat-lane. I kept them in sight for about twenty minutes, and saw the prosecutrix come out of a cheesemonger's-shop - we had followed the prisoners to that shop. Moses stood in front of the shop, and Jacobs up a little court - they joined, and followed her to the corner of a street - Moses let his apron down; Jacobs struck her on the back; Moses put his hand into the basket, took something out, and ran off. I pursued and took him, but found nothing on him - Hackwell took Jacobs.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did Moses run into the road? A. Between the curb and kennel; he might run about one hundred and fifty yards. I did not lose sight of him.


                  JAMES 
                  HACKWELL
               



            . I was with Keys, and saw Moses' hand in the basket; I saw him run away - Jacobs was close to the prosecutrix's back, but did not see the blow - she staggered, and Jacobs run among the crowd, but I took him. I had watched them for twenty minutes - I had not seen the prosecutrix before.
JACOBS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
MOSES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
