






1480. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ANDERSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of September
, two half-crowns and four shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Barron
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ISAAC 
                  BARRON
               



            . I am a straw hat manufacturer
. I I saw the prisoner Anderson in Ropemaker-street


, about eleven o'clock at night; she accosted me; I said I wanted nothing to do with her. She thrust me against the wall, put her hand into my breeches pocket, and took out two half-crowns and four shillings. I saw three shillings and a half-crown in her hand; I felt and missed it all - she ran off - I followed, and found her talking to Evans - he was with her at first - she had left him to come to me. He was a hundred yards off. I found them in Crown-court, about twenty yards off; I asked her for my money; she gave me one half-crown and three shillings back, and said she had given the rest away. Evans heard her say it. I met a watchman, who took them to the watch-house, and found half a crown and one shilling on Evans. I know the shilling by a mark on it.
DIX MOORE. I am a constable. The prosecutors charged the prisoners with robbing him, and said Evans was in Anderson's company. He knew the shilling found on Evans. He came voluntarily to the watch-house, Evans said the shilling was his own; the prosecutor said he could swear to it.


                  ISAAC 
                  BARRON
               



            . I know it by a black mark on the head.
ANDERSON's Defence. He pulled me about in an indecent manner, and gave me the money.
EVANS's Defence. I was speaking to this woman; she turned down a court with the prosecutros; I heard a cry of Stop thief! and she had just got up to me, when he took her - I followed them to the watch-house, from curiosity, and was detained.
ANDERSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
EVANS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
