






83. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     PHYSWICK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of October

, at St. Mary-le-bone, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        William Baker
                     



                  , a tin box, value 1 s., a guinea, seven sovereigns, a half sovereign, and two 5 l. bank-notes, the property of the said 
                     
                        
                           Thomas William 
                           Baker
                        



                     
                  , to whom she was servant, against the statute
            ; and 
               
                  
                     SOPHIA 
                     STEPHENSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the same day, one of the said notes, knowing it to have been stolen, against the statute
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAM BAKER
               



            . I live in Foley-street, in the parish of Mary-le-bone



. On Sunday the 27th of October, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw my tin cash-box safe in my bed-room, on one corner of my drawers. I had omitted to put it away in its usual place, as my mother-in-law was then in a dying state. Physwick had at that time lived not quite a week in my service, she left about seven o'clock that evening. I had a character with her, she gave me no notice of her going, nor did she wait for her wages. At the time she left we were at tea, and she was desired to take the tea up stairs to my mother-in-law, she came down, she was sent to feed the bird in the shop and we did not see her after that. In taking the tea up she must pass the room-door, where the cash-box was, she left the street-door on a jar. I apprehended her on the following Saturday the 1st of November, at Chatham. I have found the box with the writings that were in it, but all the money was gone. I have got one of the 5 l. notes from the Bank, and am sure it is one of those which were in my box. At the time it was stolen it contained two 5 l. notes, seven or eight sovereigns, a crooked guinea, one or three half sovereigns, a seven shilling piece, and about 5 l. in silver, with other things. I found the box at Mary-le-bone office. I don't know Stephenson; when I took Phywsick, I told her she had stolen my cash-box and money, she acknowledged taking it, I neither threatened or promised her. I found nothing on her.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Wright, pawnbroker, of Tothill-street. I have a crooked guinea, which Stephenson brought into our shop and asked its value, I said it was light and gave her twenty shillings for it, which was the full value.
MR. BAKER. That is the guinea which was in my box.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERT HADLEY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Price, linen-draper, of Tothill-street, Westminster, the prisoner Stephenson and a female named Smith, came into my master's shop, on Monday afternoon the 28th of October, and bought several articles. Smith tendered me a 5 l. note. I put on it,
"Mrs. Smith, No. 1, Wright's-passage, Tothill-street," by which I know the note produced to be the same, it has my writing on it, they laid out about nineteen shillings in change.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live at No. 1, Wright's-passage, Tothill-street Stephenson came to me and asked me to go and see if this note was passable, I had washed for her before, I went alone first, to Wright's, the pawn-brokers, to ask if it was good. and they said it was good, but could not change it, she did not say how she came by it. I brought it back to her, she said
"Go and change it, and buy something for yourself." I said I did not like to go, she then said she would go too, we went to Mr. Price's, Hadley served us, we bought some black stuff for petticoats, a pair of black stockings for eighteen-pence, a black and red shawl, and some flannel, which came to eighteen shillings and sixpence, I gave him the note she had given me, I did not suspect any thing. I gave her the change, I was to have a pair of black stockings, a flannel, and a black petticoat. I said I did not wish any thing, the stuff bought, would make two flannel, and two black petticoats, she told me to take the things home and make them; this was on a Monday morning. and on Tuesday she came to me and said a young woman had robbed her master, and she was afraid she herself would get into prison, and the young woman too. She went away telling me to make her gown as soon as I could, and to take care of the things. I told this to the constable, when I was before the magistrate, the week after, I saw Physwick on Tuesday morning, she came with Stephenson, but was not by when she mentioned about the note.


                  GILES 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I keep the Cooper's-arms, Strutton-ground. Stephenson came into my house and called for a pint of beer, on Monday evening the 28th of October between six and seven o'clock, and asked me to keep three sovereigns for her until the morning; when she would call for them, I had information, and when she called in the morning I detained them, and she went away, she was a little in liquor when she gave them to me; I have brought three with me, but they were mixed with others.


                  EDWARD 
                  JOHN HANDLEY
               



            . I am an officer of Queen-square. On Tuesday morning I and Pace took Stephenson. I told her she was concerned in a robbery which Physwick had committed. She denied any knowledge of it or of Physwick. We kept her in custody, and some time after she sent for me, and said she would tell all she knew about it, and said voluntarily that this young woman, some time ago, had robbed her of a pair of shoes, and owed her a few shillings besides; and that on Sunday Physwick came and said she was come to make amends; that they went out on Monday morning and bought some things which we found at Smith's house, she denied all knowledge of any notes. I went with Mr. Baker to Chatham, and took Physwick, who confessed to me voluntarily that she had taken the box out of her master's bed-room, and took it to a court in Islington, which she did not know the name of, where she opened the box and took out what she could, and left the box against a wall there; that she afterwards came to Westminster, and went to Stephenson's,with the two notes in her hand, but she only saw what amount one of them was, and that was a five. That Stephenson took both notes out of her hand, and said she would get change for them; that she returned in an hour or two, and gave her four sovereigns, telling her she should have the remainder another time. When she was at the office, I shewed her the box, which somebody had taken to Mary-le-bone office, she said it was the same. Stephenson denied all knowledge of the notes.


                  THOMAS 
                  PACE
               



            . I searched Stephenson on Monday night, and found about 10 s. on her; she was quite drunk. She keeps a house of ill-fame. I asked her where the sovereigns were, she said she had none, and knew nothing about them. In consequence of information I went to Chapman, who said he had three sovereigns, and described Stephenson to me. I found the property at Smith's, which had been bought at the linen-drapers. Some of it was under the stairs, and some in a back pace.
PHYSWICK'S Defence. Stephenson is innocent of the robbery.
STEPHENSON'S Defence. I knew nothing of the robbery. I had not seen this young woman for eighteen months; she came up and said her grandmother was dead, and had left her the money, and asked me to go with her to buy some things.
PHYSWICK - GUILTY - 


               DEATH
            . Aged 16.




               Recommended to mercy by the prosecutor, on account of her youth, and believing her to be seduced by Stephenson
            .
STEPHENSON - 

               GUILTY
            . - Aged 28.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
