





1000. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MATTHEWS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, 231/2 yards of woollen-cloth, value 13l., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Neal
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Ambrose
                     



.
THOMAS NEAL. I am a cloth-factor
 - Ambrose is my porter
. I sent him on the 8th of March with some cloth, and have not seen it since.
CHARLES AMBROSE. I received this cloth from Mr. Neal, about a quarter before six o'clock, to take to Mr. Williams, York-street, Commercial-road - as I passed Bishopsgate church-yard, I saw the prisoner, who asked me to let him carry it - I refused; he asked me again, and I gave it him; we went on to Cutler-street, and then he gave it me, saying, "I shall overtake you soon;" he came again soon after, and took it, and when he got to a turning, he said, "I have dropped it;" he knocked me on one side to look for it; he then said a man had taken it from his shoulder - he was going away, but I called Stop thief! and he was taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GARDENER
               



            . On this evening I was in Bishopgate church-yard, and met a young man, (not the prisoner,) carrying a piece of cloth in his arms - and when I got throught the post, I met Ambrose in great distress, saying he had lost a piece of cloth - the prisoner was there, and some person attempted to rescue him - he was very resolute, and resisted very much; I and two or three others had great difficulty to secure him - two or three others, and a woman, appeared to assist him; he said he lived inHosier-lane, I asked how he came there - he gave no answer - we took him into a public-house, and it was stated there, that when the prisoner gave the lad the cloth, at the corner of Cutler-street, he beckoned to another person.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. I went to the house, and found the prisoner; he said somebody took the cloth from him.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Neal; I delivered the cloth to the lad.
C. AMBROSE. I did not ask him to carry it - he asked me twice; he was near half an hour with me.
Prisoner's Defence. I first saw him with the cloth, which appeared to be heavy - he was placing it on the shoulder of another person; I said he appeared tired - he said he was, and asked which way I was going - I said to Whitechapel, and he asked me to carry it part of the way; in going up a court from Houndsditch to Whitechapel, somebody forced it from my shoulders; I rushed after him, but was prevented by the boy taking hold of my coat.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
