





1125. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     BELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of May
, 1 watch, value 7l.; 1 breast-pin, value 12s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 7s.; and 2 shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am mariner
 of a ship which camefrom Bombay; it lay in the export West India dock. On the 9th of May, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I was in Wentworth-street, and met the prisoner; she asked me to go home with her - I went to a room up one-pairs of stairs, in a house in Crow-court


; I gave her 5s.; I was quite sober - I had not tasted a glass of spirits for fourteen months: I took a pin from my breast, and was going to put it on the mantle-piece - she asked me for it, to put it into a small trinket-box, to take care of it till the morning, and my watch too; she put them into a small box on the table, locked the door, and left the key in it; she then came to bed: in the morning, between three and four o'clock, she awoke me going out of the room - I got up, looked for my property, and it was gone; I went down, told the landlady, and she desired me to get the watchman, which I did: she was taken the following night - none of my property has been found; I lost three handkerchiefs, a watch, and a pin - I am quite certain she is the girl.


                  MARY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I live in that house; the prisoner rented a room of my mistress, at 4s. a week. She came home with the prosecutor; in the morning the man came down; he saw my mistress, and told her what he had lost- the prisoner came there at seven o'clock the same morning.


                  JOHN 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am a watchman. The prosecutor gave me information: I knew the person he described, and took her at No. 10, Rose-lane.
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that the prosecutor, who was intoxicated, went home with her, and on his informing her he had no money, she left him in the room, and had not seen his property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
