





624. 
               
                  BENJAMIN 
                  CAMP
               




             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of March
, seven live tame fowls, price 7 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Brant
               




            .
JOHN BRANT. On the night of the 19th of last March, my poultry-house was robbed - I had some malt in that evening, and when I went with the light, to get the malt, into the granary, the poultry made a noise, I looked up and saw they were all safe - there was a cock and seven hens. Next morning, at seven o'clock, I found the brew-house window wrenched open, and all the fowls gone but one hen. I looked up the yard, and found a quantity of blood and feathers - I got a search warrant and found them on the prisoner's premises, about a quarter of a mile from my house; he was sitting by the fire, and the constable said
"Mr. Brant has had some poultry stolen, and has strong suspicion of you." The prisoner said
"I know nothing about it," but I saw some feathers on the ground, and said
"I am confident the fowls are here." The officer then opened the door of a cupboard, and found two of them unpicked. We took him to the cage and then returned and looked into the privy, and found a fowl thrown down which had been picked and trussed ready for the pot. The prisoner said he had found them at ten o'clock the night before. I had given him two days work about three months before, and given him some food and some drink.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Are there no fowls like yours in this country.? A. Yes, but these were the spangled Poland breed, and one of them was a brown speckled pullet. I can positively swear to them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILDERSON
               



            . I went with Brant to execute the search-warrant on the 20th of March - what he has said is all correct - the prisoner said he knew nothing of the fowls.
Prisoner's Defence. As I was coming home at night I picked up the two fowls - I shewed them the spot where I found them, and said if they were Mr. Brant's they might take them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
