





510, 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  PUGH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of February
, 1 piece of silk, containing 30 yards, value 5l., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Hilditch
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  HENRY 
                  HONEYWOOD
               



            . I am in the service of George Hilditch, a silk-mercer
, who lives on Ludgate-hill


. About five o'clock on the afternoon of the 2d of February, Mr. James Hilditch was serving two gentlemen when the prisoner came in, and I spoke to him; he asked to see some black silk handkerchiefs, and I asked him to walk further in, which he did, and stood by the gentleman who was by the fire; I took some handkerchiefs, and asked him distinctly to walk further into the light, but he did not; I then went opposite to him, in that part of the shop which is rather dark - he said those handkerchiefs were plain, and would not do; I went to get some others - he said they would not do - he wanted a small pattern; and then he asked for some other patterns, but we had not got them. He was going away - I went to open the door for him and saw a piece of silk under his cloak; I got the key, locked the door, and called Mr. Hilditch. I lifted up his cloak and there was the roll of silk placed perpendicularly; James Hilditch took it from him - he was dressed very much like a gentleman, with a travelling cloak and fur collar.
Cross-examined by Mr. LAW. Q. How many persons were in the shop? A. I, James Hilditch, the prisoner, and two gentlemen; the two gentlemen were in the shop at the time I made the charge - a number of rolls of silk were on the counter, but none were on the floor - the roll found under the prisoner's cloak was one of those which had been unrolled and shewn to the two gentlemen.
COURT. Q. Had your attention been drawn to this roll after the prisoner came into the shop? A. No, it had not.


                  JAMES 
                  HILDITCH
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son. I was serving in the shop - I showed the two gentlemen a roll of black sarsnet, but they did not buy it, nor move it at all; I had unrolled about three yards of this silk, twisted it up, and laid it on the counter, in the back shop, under the lamp. The prisoner came into the shop, and this piece of silk was found under his arm - he had not purchased it. I had seen him near the gentlemen - they had not left the shop when this occurred - they went out afterwards - there were thirty yards of this sarsuet - I saw it under the prisoner's arm.
Cross-examined. Q. Why did you not bring the gentlemen forward? A. They said it was a very unpleasant thing to be in the shop, so I would not detain them - they said they would call again the next day, but they have not- I do not know whether the gentlemen saw him take it or not.


                  JAMES 
                  SNOW
               



            . I am the officer. I have the property, which was given to me at the time I was sent for, about half-past five o'clock.


                  GEORGE 
                  HILDITCH
               



            . I was at home at the time it was taken, a little after five o'clock.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I took it accidentally under my cloak, and was dragging it at my heels - it had been knocked off the counter.
GUILTY. Aged 24.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
