





452. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PAYNE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of February
, 5 planes, value 17s.; 2 saws, value10s.; 1 chisel, value 6d.; 1 jacket, value 6d., and 1 basket, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Paine
               




            .
HENRY PAINE. I am a carpenter
. I was working at an unfinished house, No. 279, Regent-street


. On the 8th of February I went to dinner at twelve o'clock; I locked the door, and took the key - I left my tools on the bench in the under ground kitchen; I heard an alarm while I was dining, and Mr. Atkinson brought the prisoner and my basket of tools into the cook-shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATKINSON
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Baxter - Paine worked under me. I came down the street, and knocked at my own door, when I saw the prisoner coming out of No. 279, with the basket of tools. I asked where he got them, and he said they belonged to a young man, named Johnson, who had gone to Castle-street, to dinner. I asked him to go with me to the cook-shop, which he did - I called Paine out.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did not he say a person gave him the tools? A. He said a person had gone out of the window, and he had taken up the tools.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RIDDING
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the tools and the basket, which I got at the cook-shop in Castle-street; they were laying on the floor, and when I came in Paine said, "That is the man" - I took him, and as we went to the office he said he saw a man go into the house, that he followed him, and took the tools, and was going to take them to some man in the cook-shop.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I saw a man loitering about - I watched him into three or four houses, and saw him get into this window; I followed him, and as I was going down the kitchen stairs he was in the passage, and threw the basket of tools down. I took them up, and the witness came and said, "What do you do with them?" I said a man had taken them up, and had left them there, and he desired me to take them to the cook-shop. I had not touched them before he told me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
