





753. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WARD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of March
, 1 coat, value 5s.; 1 pair of breeches, value 5s.; 1 waistcoat, value 2s., and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Marsh
               




            .
WILLIAM MARSH. This coat, waistcoat, and breeches, are mine - I had them all safe in my room at the Red Lion and Sun public-house, Highgate


, at six o'clock in the morning of the 2d of March - I returned at night and missed them - I saw them in the possession of the pawnbroker a few days afterwards.


                  ANN 
                  FIELD
               



            . My uncle keeps the public-house. The prisoner lodged there, for a night or two, some months ago - the prosecutor slept there on the 2d of March; I made his bed that morning between ten and eleven o'clock - I saw the lid of his box was partly off, and his clothes were in it - the prisoner came into the house between one and two o'clock, and dined, but I did not see where he went.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HELPS
               



            . I have seen the prisoner in the taproom drinking, and I saw him there on the 2d of March - he went towards the back premises about four o'clock - he had nothing with him then.


                  JAMES 
                  NEWIS
               



            . On the 2d of March I saw the prisoner, between five and six o'clock in the evening, between the Crown and the Horse and Groom public-houses - he had a bundle under his arm, which appeared to be either blue or black at the corner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KIRBY
               



            . I apprehended one Miller in company with the prisoner, and from some information I got from him, I was induced to take the prisoner - I made him no promise or threat, but he said that it was a very hard thing that Miller should swear so hard against him, when he told him where the things were, and how to get them.


                  CHARLES 
                  EGGLETON
               



            . I went to the prison with Mr.Marsh, to see the prisoner; I asked him if he knew where the clothes were, and he told me they were pawned near Shoreditch church, and the ticket was torn - I went and found them at Mr. Law's.


                  RICHARD 
                  LAW
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Hoxton. Those clothes were brought by a young man on the 2d of March, about seven o'clock in the evening; I have every reason to suppose it was the prisoner, but I cannot be positive of his person.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence I did not take the things - I was not about the place at all.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
