





1432. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PAYNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of May
. 1 watch, value 20l.; 1 gold chain, value 10l.; 1 gold pin, value 1l., and 1 silver box, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard Henry 
                           Beaumont
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Joseph Humbert
                     



.


                  RICHARD 
                  HENRY BEAUMONT
               



            . On the 26th of May I lodged at the Hyde-park hotel


; I went out in the morning, about twelve or one o'clock, leaving a watch, a gold chain, a gold pin, and a small silver box, in my room; I returned in the course of the afternoon, and they were gone - the servant or landlady showed me the box and pin; I never saw the watch again - I have the box and pin here; they are mine - I do not know the landlord's name.


                  MARTHA 
                  PATIENCE BASSETT
               



            . My mother is servant at this hotel; I was there on the 26th of May - I have lived there these five years; Mr. 
               
                  Francis 
                  Humbert
               



             is the landlord, and I think his name is also John; the prisoner had lived at the house three or four years - he came to see me on the 26th of May, in the kitchen, and he wanted to brush his boots; he went up to the place where the brushes are kept, which is at the top of the kitchen stairs; 
               
                  Jane 
                  Overend
               



             went up stairs with him; I went up stairs shortly after, and saw her and the prisoner in the place where the brushes are kept; I did not hear her say any thing to him at that time; I returned into the kitchen, and went up again afterwards, and heard her accusing him of taking something out of Mr. Beaumont's bed-room - she had a pin in her hand at the time; I heard him say "What?" his hand was in his left-hand pocket at the time; I went into the prosecutor's room, and missed the silver box - I came out and told him not to say he had not got any thing, for he had got the silver box; he gave it me into my hand from his coat pocket, and begged of me not to mention it: Overend said if he would give up every thing, it should never pass her lips - he cried, and his lips changed as white as snow; he said he had not got any thing else, and we might search him - we did not search him, for he said he hoped he might not breathe again if he had got any thing else; Overend asked him if he knew the consequence of what he said; he said he did, for it was not that we lived now, but we live hereafter: he gave us a false address, "
               
                  John 
                  James
               



            , No. 4, King-street, Holborn;" I knew his name, but did not recollect it at the time - we did not ask his name, but he gave us that; he then went out of the house - I went into the room soon after, and the watch was not on the table, whether it had been there in the morning I cannot tell, but it had always been there while Mr. Beaumont lived in the house: this is the pin, and this is the box - two flints were in it; we replaced them on the table: he had been at the hotel twice before within the fortnight.
Prisoner. I gave my address, "No. 4, Edward-street, Wardour-street." Witness. He said King-street, Holborn - I repeated it after him, and wrote it down immediately.


                  JANE 
                  OVEREND
               



            . I was at the hotel, and remember the prisoner coming there; I followed him up stairs when he went to brush his shoes - he went to the place where the shoes are cleaned; I staid with him there - I did not observe whether he went into any other room; he only went into the place, looked round, and found there were no brushes,and went out of the place: Bassett came up stairs, and I left him in conversation with her at the top of the stairs - I went down into the kitchen, and left them; she came down stairs, and met me in the kitchen - I expected she had let him out, but I went up stairs, and found him standing at Mr. Beaumont's bed-room door, which I think was open: I could not tell whether he had been in, but he seemed confessed - I did not like his manner; he stood with his hands placed before him, as if there was something in them - I kept an eye on him; Bassett came up stairs - he directed his discourse to her; I told him to look at me, and not to look at her so much - he still kept his back towards me; I touched his arm, gave it a sudden jerk, and the pin dropped out of his hand - I am certain he dropped it from his hand; he let me pick it up very easily, he did not resist in the least; I then said, "You have taken some things from Mr. Beaumont's room;" he said, What? I did not know the pin at the time, but suspected it was so - I said, "You have come into this house to see this girl, for her sake and mine do not take any thing out of the house;" he said he had not got any thing - I saw him place his hand in his coat pocket; Bassett immediately went into Beaumont's room, looked on the table, missed a box, and said, "Don't say you have not taken any thing, you have got a small box with a steel and flint;" he ten took the box out of his left side pocket and placed it in her hand, and begged of us not to tell, for it was the first thing he had ever done; he cried - I promised him I would not if he would give me up every thing; he said he had not got any thing more if he never breathed again - I asked if he knew the consequence of what he was saying; he said he did - that it was not that we lived now, but that we lived hereafter. I had been into Mr. Beaumont's room about three-quarters of an hour before but had not noticed the watch; I went into the room after he was gone, but did not see the watch there - I had been in the habit of seeing it there; I do not know whether there was a chain on it, as I had not particularly noticed it; this is the box he put into Bassett's hand, and this is the pin I picked up.
MR. BEAUMONT. I am sure I left my watch and chain on the table; when I came home they were gone - they were worth about 30l.; the box was worth a few shillings.


                  MARTHA 
                  PATIENCE BASSETT
               



            . There was no one in the house but me and Overend - I had been into Mr. Beaumont's room that morning, but did not go near the table; Overend had been in the room.


                  MARY 
                  ANN CARR
               



            . I live at No. 42, Monmouth-street, and am servant to Mr. Emanuel, a clothes salesman. One night, the latter end of May, about ten o'clock, the prisoner brought a gold chain into my master's shop; I cannot say whether it was after the 26th - he produced a gold watch, and had the chain round his neck; I saw him take his hat off, and take the chain off his neck - the watch hung in his bosom fastened to the chain; Emanuel was at home - he is not here; he would not swear to him before the Justice; I know him to be the man - he staid there about a quarter of an hour, and my master gave the watch to him again; he wanted 18l. for it - my master would not buy it, and he went away; I am quite sure he is the man - I cannot recollect the day; my master was closing the shop up when he came, and told him to come next morning; but he did not.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the watch, and I never called at Emanuel's at all.
MR. BEAUMONT. The chain would go round the prisoner's neck - I have worn it round mine.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . Mr. Humbert's name is Francis Joseph.




               GUILTY (of stealing to the value of 99s. only.)
             Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
