






289. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     SHORE
                  





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November

, five petticoats, value 5 s.; four shirts, value 5 s.; four pair of stockings, value 3 s.; two pair of stays, value 4 s.; two pillow-cases, value 2 s, and one handkerchief, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Parnum
                  



               
            .


                  MARY 
                  PARNUM
               



            . I am the wife of John Parnum, we live in an alms-house at Bow



. On the 24th of November, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, I hung these things in the garden to dry; somebody called me in doors, I returned in about ten minutes, and found my lines cut down and everything gone. I called a young man to pursue them. I went round the house myself and met Frost, he turned back with me to the 
               
                  Ben 
                  Johnson
               



            , public-house, and saw two young men, he directly said,
"There are the thieves!" One ran out at one door and the other at another, and left my linen there - I am certain the prisoner was one of them. I pursued the other, but could not catch him.


                  JAMES 
                  YOUNG
               



            . On the 24th of November Frost and I went to the 
               
                  Ben 
                  Johnson
               



            , and saw the prisoner with another in the house, they ran out; I followed the other, but could not catch him. I am certain the prisoner was one of them.


                  HENRY 
                  TYSON
               



            . I keep the 
               
                  Ben 
                  Johnson
               



            . The prisoner and another came in and had a pint of beer together - while they were drinking it the witness came in and said,
"Here the thieves are." One immediately ran out at one door, and the other at the other. They had not drank half their beer. Part of the linen was found up in a recess of the wall in a bundle. Nobody else was in the house. The prisoner ran out backwards - I am certain he was one of them.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODERICK. Q. How long had they been there - A. A few minutes. The other man was pursued, not the prisoner. I saw him in custody about a month after.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLANS
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner.
- FROST. I went to the house, and saw one man run out - I do not know him, my sight is bad. I had met two men with the bundle, going towards the public-house. Both of them were about the same size.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

290. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  SHORE
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of November

, 12 live tame rabbits, price 12 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Lovell
                  



               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  LOVELL
               



            . I am a coal-whipper
. On the 2d of November, about seven o'clock in the morning, I lost these rabbits from the back of my yard in John-street, Stepney



. I saw them safe at nine o'clock the night before. A person must get over the back wall to take them. I found them next day at No. 23, Air-street, Bethnal-green.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . On the 2d of November, about eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner brought me five rabbits, and asked 10 s. for them, I gave him 8 s.; another man was with him. Lovell's uncle saw me buy them. I threw the money down, which of them took it up I cannot say, but the prisoner brought them in.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The other man sold them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
