





352. 
               
                  
                     CHRISTIANA 
                     FERRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Bentley
                        




                     
                  , on the 14th of January
, on the King's highway, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one brooch, value 15 s.
            , his property.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BENTLEY
               



            . I have been a non-commissioned officer
. On the 14th of January, about half-past nineo'clock at night, I was in Hemming's-row, just by Leicester-square


, the prisoner and another girl came up on each side, and asked me to go with them, I refused; the prisoner then asked if I would give them something to drink - by that time, I had got nearly in the middle of the row, and when I refused, the prisoner made a jump at my breast, laid hold of my brooch, and tore it from my shirt; she tore my shirt, it was done in an instant. Immediately after the grasp, I received a blow on the left side of my head, I cannot say who from - I turned round, and a gentleman said
"Take care of your watch, Sir." I took hold of my watch-chain, pushed the prisoner away, and I think she fell down - the blow I received knocked my hat off, I picked it up, felt for my brooch, and it was gone; I ran to fetch the watchman, I noticed the prisoner had a scar under her nose I found a watchman in St. Martin's-lane, and told him the girls were coming round a corner into St. Martin's-lane - I seized the prisoner and gave her in charge, I am sure she is the woman, she was secured in three minutes. My brooch was found by Jones; the other girl escaped as soon as the prisoner was seized. On the Sunday following, Jones's father came to me, and said his son had found the brooch, and he had pawned it for 2 s.; the Magistrate ordered it to be delivered to me.


                  JAMES 
                  MACK
               



            . I and the watchman, took the prisoner in charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . On the 14th of January, about a quarter before ten o'clock at night. I found this brooch about the middle of Hemming's-row, on the pavement; I gave it to my father.


                  RICHARD 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Martin's. The evening after the robbery, my wife informed me my son had found a brooch, he gave it to me, I had some rent to make up, and pawned it - I afterwards redeemed it.
Prisoner's Defence. He pulled us about in a very indelicate manner, he would not go with us; I wanted something for my trouble, he refused, and struck me.
MR. BENTLEY. It is false.
GUILTY. Aged 22.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
