





469. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HAMBIDGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of January
, seven sovereigns; six shillings; a warrant for payment of and value 10 l. 19 s.; a 10 l. and a 5 l. Bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Anderson
                  




               
            , to whom he was servant
.


                  GEORGE 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am a stationer
, and live in Bull-alley,Lombard-street; the prisoner was my errand boy
. On Tuesday, the 13th of January, I gave him a 10 l. and a 5 l. Bank note, seven sovereigns, 6 s. and a cheque upon Messrs. Barclay for 10 l. 19 s. to take up a bill which laid there due on that day. When he was gone, I found I had given him 9 d. short, and waited his return, and not coming in a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes. I went to the banker's saw Mr. Smith, and found the bill unpaid. I went to his brother-in-law's, where he lodged, but could not find him; but on the Monday following, I found him at Portsmouth, and asked why he had absconded with the money, if I had used him ill; he said voluntarily that I was a very good master; he could say nothing for himself, and was very sorry for what he had done - the 10 l. note was stopped at the Bank. I found a boy in town whom I understood he was acquainted with - he behaved well. I believe it to be his first offence.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I went to Messrs. Barclay's. I do not know whether the prisoner came to the banking-house.
Prisoner's Defence. I met a lad who persuaded me to go with him; we had agreed a week before, that whoever had money first from our master, we would go off with it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
