








Before Mr. Justice Park.
397. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BALDOCK
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARDELL
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  MARTIN
               



            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of January
, twenty yards of trimming, value 20 d.; ten pieces of cord, value 10 d.; ten yards of ribbon, value 2 s.; a quarter of a yard of sattin, value 4 d.; a pocket book, value 6 d.; four habit shirts, value 4 s.; two yards of calico, value 2 s.; seven caps, value 6 d.; three shifts, value 7 s.; nine collars, value 12 s. 6 d.; two work bags, value 3 s.; fifteen handkerchiefs, value 22 s.; three aprons, value 2 s.; one hundred and sixteen yards of bombazeen, value 11 l. 12 s.; three drawings, value 5 s.; a cruet frame, value 40 s.; twelve yards of braiding, value 3 s.; two gown bodies, value 3 s.; a scarf, value 6 d.; a gown, value 12 s.; a spencer, value 2 s.; two petticoats, value 2 s.; one hundred and twenty bobbins, value 8 s.; a dress, value 6 d.; a slip. value 1 s.; a pair of stays, value 1 s., and a box, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry Thomas 
                     Atterbury
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Frederick 
                     Brunton
                  



               
            .
MR. CURWOOD conducted the prosecution.


                  FREDERICK 
                  BRUNTON
               



            . At Christmas last, I lived at Milton, in Barking, and was going to move to Barnet, and sent by the Woburn waggon, ten boxes, and a small cask of wine, on the 13th of January, and on Thursday morning, the 16th, I went to the Bull, public-house, at Whetstone, in consequence of what I had heard, and found one box missing it contained wearing apparel; they were numbered from No. 1, to 11. I missed No. 5 - Jarvis shewed me some pieces of things cut up at Whetstone, which I believe to be part of my goods. I got a warrant in consequence of this, and searched Mardell's house at Whetstone, and found eight of my neck handkerchiefs, with the marks at the corner cut off, and the corner rounded at the end, but not hemmed, and found other articles of mine there.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Did not you tell him, he might as well tell where he got them - A. No. We went there about a fortnight after the 16th of January.
COURT. Q. What size was the box - A. Three feet long - one person could carry it; but the others were too large.


                  HENRY 
                  THOMAS ATTERBURY
               



            . I am the Woburn carrier; I received the packages from Mr. Brunton, to take to Barnet - I received them at Whetstone, they were put up in the waggon.


                  JAMES 
                  PURCEL
               



            . I am the waggoner. I had the eleven packages, and took them too far on to Whetstone, and left them at the Bull, with the hostler, between one and two o'clock on Wednesday morning. I put them all in the stable myself, and I am sure they were all there.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you leave the waggon any where before you took them out - A. No. I saw them locked up. Challis kept the key.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHALLIS
               



            . I am the hostler at the Bull. On the 15th of January, Purcel, left ten boxes and one barrel with me - I locked them up in the stable myself, and kept the key - I am sure they were all there then. I took them in on Wednesday morning, between one and two o'clock - I went to the stable about five that morning, to get a horse out, and I saw nothing the matter with the stable door, but did not notice the packages there. Mr. Brunton came about them at seven o'clock; I then examined the stable door, and found the staple of the lock had been drawn, and a package taken. I gave the key to Baker when I went to bed.


                  ISAAC 
                  BAKER
               



            . Challis delivered me the key, about ten o'clock in the morning - I went into the stable at that time; I locked the door when I came out; I found nothing amiss. I kept the key until Mr. Brunton came.
Cross-examined. Q. You took no notice of the boxes - A. No. It was dark.


                  JOHN 
                  CONWAY
               



            . I am a constable of St. Pancras. On Wednesday, the 29th of January, I went with a search warrant to Mardell's, with Mr. Brunton - he lodged on the first floor, and was at dinner with his wife. I found some fancy trimming, and in an unfurnished room below, which was locked up, I found eight handkerchiefs with the corners cut off. Mardell's wife gave me the key of the room; I found nothing else there. Mardell denied all knowledge of it, or how they got into his possession. I neither held out threat or promise - I said I thought he might save me a great deal of trouble if he would say where the rest of the property was; he still insisted he knew nothing of it - I asked him for the key of his stable, knowing he was an hostler; he said that was of no consequence. I said unless he gave it to me, I should break the door open, and search it - he then said he would go, and fetch the remaining part of the property; he left the room - I followed him very close; he unlocked the stable door, and went up a ladder into a loft, I followed. He got into a large corn bin, about three quarters full of corn, and handed me out a large bundle, consisting of some bombazeens, a plated cruet frame, and several articles of wearing apparel. I asked if that was all, he said, Yes - I searched myself, and found a smaller bundle. I took him into custody, and asked where he got the things; he made no reply then, but afterwards said he had them from Louse Jack, (meaning Baldock.) I then went and apprehended Challis, the hostler, and then to a cottage at Barnet, rented by 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Martin
               



            , and apprehended Baldock and her, sitting together there, but being in another County, I did not search the house, but went there next day with Morrison, and saw him take a small parcel from between the bed and mattress, containing a pair of stays, a remnant of black bombazeen, and a silk handkerchief.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you part with the key of the house - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  MORRISON
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I went to Martin's house, with Conway, and found the things he stated.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  CONWAY
               



             re-examined. I was before the Magistrate when Baldock was examined - what he said was taken down; (looking at the examination,) this is it - (reads.)
"The bundle I found about a week ago, at the back of Mr. Moulton's house, in a field - I took it to *** to take care of for me, till I could hear something about it. I did not open it, nor give him anything out of it; I never saw it after I left it with him, and did not know where he put it. I heard of Brunton's having lost property before I found the bundle: - 
               
                  John 
                  Baldock
               



             desires to add that when he found the bundle, something dropped out of it, which hetook to ***, and put them between the bed and mattress."
BALDOCK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
MARDELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MARTIN - 

               NOT - GUILTY
            .
