






448. 
               
                  TIMOTHY 
                  COCKRANE
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  PHIPPS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Isaac Francis 
                        Stone
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ISAAC FRANCIS STONE. Last Friday night, between ten and eleven o'clock, I was in the upper-gallery at Drury-lane Theatre


. I missed my handkerchief, and said to a person who sat next to me, "Some one has taken my handkerchief; I rested very quietly, but in a few minutes the officer came, and asked if I had lost any thing; I said a handkerchief; he said, "This party has got it." I know nothing of the prisoners.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  CURRANT
               



            . I am an officer. I was in the gallery, and saw the prisoners; I watched them for above an hour, and saw Cockrane shoving something into his pocket, and Phipps extending his arms to keep the people back - one of his arms was on Cockrane's shoulder at the time; I heard of the prosecutor's loss, and took the prisoners; I found this handkerchief, which Cockrane was concealing, and another handkerchief on his person.

PHIPPS' Defence. I was not near him; I saw nothing of what was going on; I know no more of it than a child.
COCKRANE'S Defence. I found the handkerchief on the stairs, and can prove it. I went out to get a pint of beer; a gentleman's servant had got into my seat; I was trying to get my place, and the officer took me; I had sang out several times "Who has lost a handkerchief?"


                  JOHN 
                  BRIAN
               



            . I live at No. 1, Tabernacle-square, and am a brick-maker. I do not know either of the prisoners; I was at Drury-lane last Friday night - I was the second behind Cockrane, and saw him stoop and pick up the handkerchief from between his legs, on the stairs, going up; he called out several times "Who has lost a handkerchief?" and waved it over his head; he then went into the place - I saw no more of it; this was about nine o'clock.
Q. Did you go in? A. No? the house was full, and I went home.
Q. How came you to notice the prisoner? A. From the circumstance of his picking up the handkerchief; I was not present when he was charged with stealing it - he was intoxicated.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FARRELL
               



            . I am a cork-cutter, and live in Adam and Eve-court. I was in a cook-shop, in Middlerow, St. Giles', that evening; Cockrane came in, and had a basin of soup - he was much intoxicated; there was another young man in the box, having soup; he asked Cockrane to buy some duplicates, and said one was for a coat.
ISAAC FRANCIS STONE. Cockrane did not appear drunk; I had a bad cold, and used my handkerchief several times in the gallery.
THOMAS CURRANT. I think he had been drinking; he was rather saucy.
COCKRANE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
PHIPPS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
There was another indictment against Cockrane, which was not tried.
