





ELEVENTH DAY, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 22.
Middlesex Cases, Third Jury, Before Mr. Recorder.
1153. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TIMMINGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of June
, a pair of sugar-tongs, value 10 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Gill
                  




               
            .


                  CATHERINE 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Gill
               



            , saddler
, who lives in John-street, Islington


. On the 24th of June, about eight o'clock in the evening, I saw these sugar-tongs safe, and between six and seven in the morning they were gone from the safe in the garden, which has a high wall round it. I found the prisoner in custody with them in about a week. He was a stranger.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you sure of the property - A. Yes; I have been five years in my master's service, and know them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden. On the 25th of June, about eleven in the morning, I took the prisoner in Suffolk-street, Pancras, with a sack on his back. I stopped him to ask what he had there. He said nothing but dust. I found 10 lbs. of bacon in the sack. He resisted a great deal. I took him into a public-house, and was told he had secreted something about his person. Cooper came, and took these tongs out of his breeches.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say he found them - A. No.


                  RICHARD 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am a constable of Pancras. I found a pair of sugar-tongs in his breeches.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
