






550. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     HOLLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of March

, eight watch ribbons, value 6 s. 8 d.; eight rings, value 8 d.; eight slides, value 8 d.; three pair of braces, value 3 s.; a handkerchief, value 1 s. 6 d.; a hawker's licence, value 4 l., and fourteen sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           King
                        



                     
                  , from his person
            ; and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     CONNER
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  MICHAEL 
                  KING
               



            . I am a licensed hawker
, and live in John's-court, West-street; I was returning from the country about half-past two o'clock in the morning of the 19th of March. I was sober and met Holland, she asked me to go home with her, and took me to a house in George-alley



, on the first floor. I had twenty-six sovereigns and twenty-six shillings loose in my breeches pocket. The other articles stated in the indictment were in my inside-coat pocket, I was about an hour with her; and being fatigued I fell asleep, and was awoke by feeling her hand reaching over me to get my pantaloons from under the pillow. I seized her with her hand in my trowser's pocket; I told her to deliver my money four or five times, she would not. I called for assistance as loud as I could - I kept the door fast to keep her in; the watchman came and the officer of the night; I gave charge of her - twelve sovereigns were found in her pocket - I found only twelve left in mine, two were entirely gone. I had counted them about three hours before I met her; I had been with nobody else. I saw Connor in bed in the next room; I had paid her 1 s. 6 d. for the room - when I first went, she appeared to be the woman of the house - my licence was taken. The constable found all my property.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. - Q. How long had you been in town - A. I had just come in Hyde-park way; I had drank nothing since dinner, and was sober.


                  ROBERT 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a watchman, my beat is on the side of Fleet-market; I went to the house in George-alley, hearing a cry of murder between the hours of two and three o'clock in the morning. The prosecutor complained of being robbed and ill used. I demanded admission and got in; I found him on the first floor, holding the bed-room door, and preventing the woman from coming out, there was another female there named Lewis. King was undressed with his trowsers in his hand, Holland also ran down stairs undressed, but finding the door fastened ran up again into Connor's room. King said he had twenty-six sovereigns when he came into the house; he could only find twelve in his pocket. I found Holland in Connor's bed; I saw twelve sovereigns and some silver found in her pocket; the tin-box, with the licence in it, was found between Connor's bed and the mattrass; there were also three pair of braces, eight watch ribbons, and one or two handkerchiefs. Before Holland was searched she said she had nothing at all. The man said if she would give up the money he would say nothing about it, but she denied having any; when the property was found Holland said
"it's all over with us now;" I had asked Connor who the woman was that was in her bed - she said she did not know any thing of her being there; and as soon as I went into the room I saw Holland in the bed - she had run into the room about ten minutes before.
Cross-examined. Q. Was Connor in bed when you went into the room - A. No; she came down stairs, and let me in - Holland ran into her room after that, and Connor went in four or five minutes after to dress.


                  THOMAS 
                  M'LEONARD
               



            . I am the watch-house keeper; I went to the house after Evans; King was on the stairs partly undressed - he charged Holland with robbing him; she was taken into the room where they had been. I did not see her in Connor's room - she declared she had no property about her. I found nothing on her; I went down stairs and afterwards went to Connor's room, she had got to bed then. I found the goods under her bed, tied up between the bed and mattrass; there was three parcels, the prosecutor claimed one, and the others were Connor's stays and pocket. Holland dressed to go to the watch-house; I then searched her again, and on taking off her pocket, she said,
"All that is there is mine." I found there was twelve sovereigns; she said at the watch-house they were given her by a countryman. As we went to the Compter the next morning, Holland said very likely in the hurry when the watchman came she must have placed the property under Connor's bed - Connor appeared to me not to know how they got under the bed;her stays and pocket were quite on the other side, not near the property.
HOLLAND'S Defence. I know nothing of the robbery; the sovereigns were given me by a country gentleman, at the Axe-inn, Aldermanbury.
CONNOR'S Defence. I know nothing of it, only when I heard the alarm of murder and robbery and a knock at the door, I jumped out of bed, opened it as quick as I could, and when I came up the prosecutor was holding Holland; she ran into my room - the watchman went in and said she was in bed; she jumped out and I jumped in, being undressed.
HOLLAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Life
            .
CONNOR - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
