






833. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  TAYLOR
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  YATES
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of March
, 1 pair of trousers, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Brown
               




            .
WILLIAM BROWN. I live in Upper Rosoman-street. These trousers were in my shop, No. 64, Exmouth-street


; they were safe when I left my shop about half past five o'clock, on Tuesday, the 27th of March; I have not seen them since.


                  CHARLES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am eleven years old, and live at No. 7, Wood-street, Spa-fields. About six o'clock, on the evening in question I was opposite Mr. Brown's shop, and saw three men at his window, one, who had a white apron on, took a pair of trousers which hung in the window - I saw him come out of the shop and go down Rosoman-street alone, the other two went away after he came out - Taylor is the man who had the white apron - I saw him in custody at Hatton-garden two hours afterwards and knew him again.
Prisoner TAYLOR. Q. Which side of the way was you? A. On the other side, facing, and when you got to the bottom of Rosoman-street, I met Warboys, and told him.


                  JOHN 
                  WARBOYS
               



            . I am a paper-stainer, and knew the prisoner Taylor by sight; I met the last witness at the corner of Rosoman-street, he gave me information about Taylor, who was eight or nine yards off; I went with him towards Liquorpond-street, but lost sight of him for about half an hour; I went with the constable to the Vine public-house, and took him there; the trousers were not found; he was about two hundred yards from the shop when he was pointed out.
Prisoner TAYLOR. Q. Were you not big enough to take me if I had stolen any thing? A. I was not certain that you had stolen any thing, though I saw a bundle in your apron; I followed you till I lost sight of you.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son. I was in the shop and saw three men come up to the window; one of them came in and asked for a light - I refused to give it him; he went out and said something to the other two; then they both came in, and one who wore a blue apron, held me with my head in his lap, while I saw Taylor, who had a brown coat and white apron, take something from the window - I saw the two prisoners at Hatton-garden on the Thursday following, and am certain of them - I am certain Yates is the one who held me.
Prisoner TAYLOR. Q. If your head was in Yates's lap, how could you see me take them? A. I got my head on one side. (This witness was a cripple).


                  CHARLES 
                  REDDING
               



            . I live in Exmouth-street, about ten yards from Brown's. My father, who is a baker, sent me out on an errand about ten minutes before six o'clock; I met a boy who said, there goes Tom House, the noted thief - I watched, but saw nothing done to Brown's shop- I saw both the prisoners about twenty yards from the shop, and knew them again when I saw them at Hatton-garden.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I am a constable of Clerkenwell. About a quarter of an hour after the robbery I was sent for - Taylor and Warboys described the prisoner Taylor to me - I went with them to the Vine, in Vine-street, where they both immediately recognised him - they were also positive to him at Hatton-garden.
Prisoner TAYLOR. Q. What did you say to me? A. I said, "Have you been to Clerkenwell this afternoon?" you said, No.


                  JAMES 
                  MEDLYCOTT
               



            . I am an officer. I took Yates at the Vine, at twelve o'clock on the night of the robbery - I said I understood he was concerned in stealing a pair of trousers - he said, if that was the case, it was all right.
TAYLOR's Defence. I met a person at Mount-pleasant about half past one o'clock, I went with him to the Vine, and was not further than the door till I was apprehended.
YATEs's Defence. I went to my aunt's at Islington at four o'clock, and was there till eight at night.
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
YATES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
