





581. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  LUBBOTT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, sixty-one yards of flannel, value 3 l., the goods of 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Busby
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BALDWIN
               



            . I live with my uncle, Benjamin Busby, in Oxford-street


, and manage his business. He does not sleep there himself - he pays the rent of the house. On the 1st of February, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, the flannel was stolen - it had been about a foot within the door - I had seen it safe about a quarter before six - I saw it the same evening in the possession of the officer; the prisoner was then in custody - it has been measured since, and might not be worth so much as 40 s.


                  JOHN 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am a constable, I saw the prisoner run from Mr. Busby's shop into Oxford-market - I pursued,and raised the cry of Stop thief! - he threw down the flannel, and ran away - but was stopped soon after - I am quite sure he is the man.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not lose sight of me at all? A. Yes; while the persons were gathering round you.


                  JOHN 
                  STAPLES
               



            . I live in Bartholomew-close, and am a hatter. I was passing Oxford-market on the night in question. I observed the prisoner run with a bundle of flannel under his arm. I did not hear the cry of Stop thief! or I would have stopped him; but I saw Martin pursuing him - I saw him drop the flannel in the kennel. I took it up, and took it into a respectable shop - I am quite certain he is the man who dropped it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REED
               



            . I am a beadle. I pursued the prisoner, and saw him run across the street - I did not see the bundle - I heard a cry of Stop thief! - I ran near 100 yards before I got him - he had dropped the flannel.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been looking for work and, as I was coming down Oxford-street, they said, I had stolen a roll of flannel.




               GUILTY. Aged 21. Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years.
            

