






492. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PHILLIPS
               




             and 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  DIXIE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of January
, a handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of a 
                     certain man whose name is unknown


                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On the 31st of January, at a quarter past six o'clock, I was in company with Avery, the conductor of the patrol in Holborn


. I saw some gentlemen coming out of Lincoln's-Inn-fields; the two prisoners followed them; they then went into Hand-court and into Fetter-lane. I saw Phillips take this handkerchief from a gentleman's pocket. I crossed over to him, he put it under his coat. I said, "Give me the handkerchief." He took his hand away and it fell down. Dixie was then between two and three yards from him. While I was taking the handcaffs, and securing the prisoners, the gentleman got away. I ran after him down to Fleet-street, but could not find him.


                  JOHN 
                  AVERY
               



            . I was in company with Thompson, what he has stated is correct, respecting the boys, being in custody. I did not see Phillips take the handkerchief, but I saw Thompson cross a little before me. I had staid a little back, and Dixie looked me full in the face. I then crossed over after him, and took him. Thompson took Phillips.
PHILLIPS'S Defence. I was coming down Holborn, and saw two coal-heavers, and this handkerchief was hanging out of one of their pockets; it fell down: I know nothing of it.
DIXIE'S Defence. I know nothing about it: I was a good way off at the time. I had spoken to the other prisoner in Hand-court.
PHILLIPS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
DIXIE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
