






907. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     GRAY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March
, 1 gun, value 50s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Farrow
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  GROVE
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. 
               
                  David 
                  Farrow
               



            , salesman
 of High Holborn


. On the 26th of March I was cleaning the window, and saw the two prisoners in company; Gray laid hold of a cord which secured this gun - I told the young man in the shop I thought they were going to steal it, and immediately I saw Thomas pass with the gun in his possession - I pursued, and caught Gray in the road; he slipped from me, and ran up a court- he was stopped there by two or three persons, but got away from them; I tried to stop him as he returned, but he struck at me - I stooped, and he struck his hand through a square of glass; he ran into Holborn, and was taken.


                  JOHN 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I was in the shop, and saw Thomas pass with the gun; I pursued - and as he got to Turnstile I caught him with the gun in his hand; he dropped it, and we had a severe struggle; but I brought him back.


                  ALFRED 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I saw Gray run up Red Lion-street pursued by the witness; I stopped him - he seemed very much flurried; I asked what was the matter - he said somebody gave him a punch of the head: I said if he would go back we would ascertain what that punch of the head meant - I took him back, and received this gun.(Property produced and sworn to.)
GRAY's Defence. I was going home, and that young man took hold of me. I pushed him away, went down a court, and was taken - I had nothing to do with it, and was not near the shop.
GRAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
THOMAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
