






Before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
179. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HURLOCK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Lambert
                        




                     
                  , about eleven o'clock in the forenoon of the 11th of October
 (no person being therein), and stealing two coats, value 2 s.; a pair of trowsers, value 15 s.; a pair of breeches, value 5 s.; two waistcoats, value 5 s.; a ring, value 10 s.; a seal, value 10 s.; two silver pins, value 7 s.; a pair of shirt buttons, value 3 s., and a thimble, value 1 s.
            , his property.


                  JAMES 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I rent a house in Ossulton-street, Sommers Town


. On Friday, the 11th of October, I went out about seven o'clock in the morning, leaving only my son at home - I returned about eight or nine o'clock in the evening, but missed nothing till Sunday morning - I then missed two coats; one my son's, who is about seventeen years old - the other was mine. I gave 36 s. for my son's coat and trowsers, which were also gone. The articles stated in the indictment were all gone, which were safe on Thursday in the drawers in the back parlour. About a fortnight after I saw Moore, whom I knew by the name of Wells. A day or two after I saw Hurlock; he told me part of the property was pawned at Lowther's, in Tottenham Court-road; that he was present when they were sent to be pawned, and saw the ticket brought back - he did not say who pawned them.


                  THOMAS 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I live with my father. On the 11th of October, about eight o'clock in the morning, I went out leaving nobody in the house. I locked the door and took the key - I returned about two o'clock, and found the door still fast. I missed nothing until Sunday morning.


                  ANN 
                  SIDNEY
               



            . On Friday, the 11th of October, I lodged at No. 26, Buckeridge-street, St. Giles's. I know the prisoners; they came there, and stopped two nights - they did not lodge there; they were there on the morning of the 11th of October, and went out about eleven o'clock together, and returned between two and three, and brought a bundle a piece - they had taken nothing out. Moore went by the name of Wells; he opened his bundle, it contained a coat, two waistcoats, a pair of breeches, and a pair of yellow gloves. He desired me to pledge them at Lowther's, and to ask 2 l. on them - I pledged them for 14 s., in the name of Gibbons, as he desired me, and gave him the money. Hurlock gave his bundle to 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Larkins
               



            , who went out of the room with it, and returned in about half an hour without it.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. What way of life are you in - A. I live with my mother.


                  JOSEPH 
                  KING
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Lowther. I beleive Sidney to be the person who pawned these articles at our shop, for 14 s., on the 11th of October, in the name of Gibbons.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MOORE'S Defence. I was at Barnet at the time.
MOORE - GUILTY. Aged 16.
HURLOCK - GUILTY. Aged 18.




               Of Larceny only
            . - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
