





986. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  CROWDER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of April
, a handkerchief, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Nunney
                     




                  , from his person
            .
HENRY NUNNEY. I live at the Green Man, public-house, Coal-yard, Drury-lane. On the 30th of April I was in Watling-street


, and am not certain whether I had a handkerchief when I left home or not. I was going along very quick, and perceived something touch my clothes; I felt in my pocket, and my handkerchief not being there, I looked into my hat, but could not find it - I walked on, and saw nothing till I saw an officer with the prisoner in custody; he produced a handkerchief, which I could not be certain of; it resembles mine. I live with my brother, a publican, and serve in his bar
.


                  RICHARD 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am a constable of the Thames Police. I saw the prosecutor in Watling-street, at twelve o'clock in the day - I saw the prisoner in company with two others, following him; I was on the opposite side of the way, and watched them; I saw them come near to Nunney, and saw the prisoner take a handkerchief from Nunney's right hand coat pocket - he tucked it into his trowsers: I am certain of it. I immediately ran across the road, and secured the prisoner in Budge-row; the others immediately ran away. When I laid hold of the prisoner he took the handkerchief out of his trowsers, and I took it out of his hand; I shewed it to Nunney, who asked me to give it to him, and let him go, but I kept it, and took him before the Lord Mayor. Nunney did not express a doubt about its being his. The prisoner had an old one in his hat.
HENRY NUNNEY. I have no mark to recognise it by; I think I had one of this kind, but cannot say this is it; I never took particular notice of the pattern.
Prisoner's Defence. My father gave me that handkerchief. I was going on an errand when the officer took me.
Five witnesses gave the prisoner an excellent character; one of whom was his father, who stated that he had never seen the handkerchief.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
