





1514. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  BOWERS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June
, 1 pair of gloves, value 10d., 15 yards of cotton, value 5s., and 1 shawl, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas Moss 
                        Phillips
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. CHURCHILL conducted the prosecution.
THOMAS MOSS PHILLIPS. I am in the law
, and live in Bryanston-square. I have been about twelve months in town; I came from Shropshire. On the 6th of June I was in Oxford-street, about five o'clock in the evening, and was accosted by a man, who said he had some cheap gloves to sell. I went with him to a house in Robert-street


, where a man produced a sample of some gloves and other articles. I agreed with that man for two dozen pairs of gloves, at 10d. per pair - I had not seen the pirsoner then. The man said I should have them in the evening. He then gave me a piece of linen and a shawl, to keep as security - I gave him a sovereign, and he left the room; and the prisoner then entered the room, pushed by me, and took the goods from me. I told him I had paid for them - I was standing at the table, with them in my hand. He said I should not have them till I had paid more money; I said I had paid a sovereign, and would have them - he swore I should not, till he had more money, and I left the house to get an officer - I could find none, but gave information.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What is the value of the goods? A. I cannot tell; the cloth was as thick as my arm; I did not go back to the house that evening - I passed by, to know the name of it, but spoke to no one, nor did I go into it, I swear that. I never saw the man who sold me the gloves, in the prisoner's company. I went to the house next day, and inquired of the landlord for the prisoner; two dozens of gloves were sent to my house after the prisoner was examined. I did not go back and see the prisoner at the house; I walked up the street, to see for an officer, and as I returned I think I saw the prisoner near the door, but I could not find an officer, and could not wait, as some friends were coming to dinner; I did not speak to him; it must have been between seven and eight o'clock when I passed the house - I had dined then, and had a friend with me; I did not go in - I did not like the looks of the house.
Q. Did not the prisoner say the parcel was his, and the man had no right to leave it with you? A. No. I would not give 1l. for the things; I only took them as security; it was a cotton shawl.
MR. CHURCHILL. Q. You took them as a deposit, and did not purchase them? A. No.



                  HENRY 
                  RICHARD BUCKERIDGE
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner on the 15th of June, in Holborn - I said"'Richard, I want you - there is information that you committed a felony in Robert-street, respecting some gloves;" he denied it - I said I must secure him - he said, "Well, what would you advise me to do?" I said I could advise him nothing, and as we went along he said, "Do you think if the swell gets his money he will be satisfied?" I said, "No, I think he means to prosecute." I left him with Furzman, while I went into the City - when I returned he said, "Now, Buckeridge, as a man, what would you advise me to do?" I said I could advise nothing, and took him to the office.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a licenced-hawker, and went out with a man who carries goods for me; I met my brother and a friend; we went to the Rodney's Head, in Robert-street, and left my bundle with the landlord; I sent my man to get some steaks - we dined, and about half-past four o'clock the prosecutor and another person came and went into the parlour; a man named Bond then came in, took up my goods, and carried them into the parlour, to this gentleman. The other person came into the tap-room, and said he hoped I should not be offended, but he had left a piece of linen and a shawl with the gentleman; they had cost me above 4l. - I said he had no business with my goods. I went into the parlour - my goods were on the table; I went to pack them up - the prosecutor said, "These goods are to go with me, as I have paid a sovereign for some gloves," and pointed to the man who had spoken to him in the street; I said he was a stranger, and unless he paid for them I would not let them go; he went away, returned at half-past five o'clock, and inquired if the person who was to sell him the gloves had returned- they said he had not, but he would be there - he then asked if I would give him the sovereign which he had paid; I said I had had no sovereign, and would give nothing - he went away, returned about six o'clock, and said again,"Will you give me the sovereign?" I said No - he then said if the gloves were not sent that evening, he would next morning see further about it; I heard no more till I was taken in charge. I knew the man who sold the gloves had been arrested, and sent to the Marshalsea - he said nothing about the bundle when he came back. I never said, would the swell take his money.


                  JOHN 
                  AVANT
               



            . I am a soda-water maker, and live in Camden-town. I was at the Rodney's Head about an hour, when the prisoner came in; I was in his company two or three hours, from four o'clock till half-past six or seven- I am certain he was there till half-past six.
MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Did he not leave the house during all that time? A. No - he had a pipe - I was in the same room with him; he was not away above two or three minutes.
COURT. Q. How long had you known him? A. Twelve or fourteen years. I was a publican when I first knew him - he lives somewhere in the City. I met him by accident - I did not see the prosecutor there. I know Bond, a broker; I believe I have seen the prisoner in his company, but not lately - it is two or three months since I have seen Bond; I cannot say where it was, or when; I have drank with the prisoner at that house. Bond very likely might be there, but I do not recollect it. I never knew the prisoner by any other name - I never heard him called Bond.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUSBAND
               



            . I met a young man about the 18th of June; he asked if I would go over to the Marshalsea prison; I went there, and saw Bond - he told me to call next day, and gave me a parcel of gloves and a note, which I took to No. 26, Bryanstone-square - I left them with the servant - they were gloves.
COURT. Q. How long have you known Bond? A. Ever since I was a child; I have known the prisoner two or three years - I had no message from him to Bond; I had heard of his being in custody, and mentioned it; I saw it in the newspaper. I work for my uncle, a silk manufacturer. I have sold the prisoner a few articles.


                  ISAAC 
                  BOWERS
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother, and am a printer. I went to this house with my brother; as we went into the room he took his bundle from the lad, and asked the landlord to take care of it; I saw the prosecutor there that evening; he asked if the young man had returned, who he paid a sovereign to, for some gloves; a young man there said he need not fear, as he would be sure to send them. A young man said he had taken the liberty to leave some of my brother's goods; my brother went in a passion, and said he had no business to leave them - he went into the parlour, and got them. We remained there till about seven o'clock, and went away together.
MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Who is your master? A. Mr. Walden; he had sent me to Duke-street with a message, but it may hurt him to mention who I was to go to; I went out about half-past twelve o'clock, and went to Duke-street - I do not like to mention the business I went about. The prosecutor asked if that fellow had returned, who he had paid the sovereign to; I went into the house between 3 and 4 o'clock - my master lives about a mile and a half from the public-house; my brother was in the parlour for eight or ten minutes; I do not know the man who took his goods - he was quite a stranger; I have heard his name was Bond; Mr. Phillips came to the house twice that evening - whether he gave his address I cannot say; my brother was angry at his goods being taken- he was with me all the evening; I might see Bond come in, but I do not know him. I went to a house in King-street, Westminster, with my brother, about half-past eight o'clock, and remained till half-past ten - he had a bundle and a blue bag.
JOHN AVANT. Bond has been a broker, in the upholdstery line, and dealt in drapery.
MR. PHILLIPS. The goods were in my possession - I had my hand upon them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
