






1400. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  JENKS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of May
, 1 wooden box, value 18d.; 1 wrapper, value 6d.; 3 gowns, value 6l. 10s.; 1 parasol, value 8s.; 1 straw-bonnet, value 1s.; 2 pairs of stays, value 7s.; 1 petticoat, value 6s.; 8lbs. of ham, value 5s.; 2 muslin-collars, value 20s.; 1 pelerine, value 2s.; 1 pair of net sleeves, value 2s.; 1 head-dress, called a poncean gauze chiffon and wheat-ears, value 6s., and 5 sovereigns
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Jones
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  HENLEY
               



            . I am a jobbing porter. On the 19th of May, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, I was coming up Cheapside with Girton, and saw the prisoners standing at a post at the end of Cheapside; they were strangers to me - I was on the opposite side of the way; another stood at another post; we saw them all join company, and watched them about three parts of the way down Newgate-street; they then met a carrier's cart - they all three turned back with it. I continued to watch them; the cart came down into Cheapide, and stopped a short time at the end of Milk-street - both the prisoners stopped with it; the other walked on the other side of the way; he had crossed some time before; I think I should know him again - they stood close by the cart; the third man stopped opposite to them: the cart then went on to Gracechurch-street - the prisoners followed it very close all the way, on the footpath. The third man still kept on the opposite side of the way, and was in Gracechurch-street with them; the carman left the cart in Gracechurch-street


, opposite Bell-yard, which is opposite the market; the cart stood on the side next the market - Jones and the third man went and looked into the cart; they left it for a minute, and then talked together; Jones then got into the cart, and reached a box out to the third man; I did not see Jenks at that moment - he was there just before; I turned round to look for Girton, and then they got out of my sight; the box has never been found. I did not see them again till the 9th of June, when they were in custody; I was positive of them both; I had them in sight nearly an hour.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. I suppose you had no job that day? A. Yes, I had, but I had two or three hours to spare; I am only a jobbing porter; I live in White Hart-yard, Coleman-street. I was a minute or two looking for Girton, and when I turned back they were gone. I went across the street to look for him. I went to the carman when he came back, but alarmed nobody else - Girton is an officer, and I was walking with him - I have known him some years; I do not often walk out with him.


                  JOHN 
                  GIRTON
               



            . I am a constable of the Ward. On the 19th of May I was with Henley, and saw the two prisoners and another - I had seen the prisoners before, and knew their features - I saw them standing at a post at the top of Cheapside; they moved into Newgate-street all three together; I watched them - the errand-cart was coming up, and they turned back immediately after it; the prisoners were on the left-hand side, and the other on the right; the cart stopped opposite to Bread-street, near Milk-street; the carmanwent down Bread-street, and returned in a few minutes; the prisoners stood close to the cart, and looked into it - they followed it, on the same side of the way, into Grace-church-street, the third man keeping on the opposite side; there was a hamper behind the cart, and I thought they were after that. The cart stopped nearly opposite Bell-yard - they stopped, and I told Henley to give a sharp eye on them while I went a little further down - I was on the same side as him; some carts and coaches came along, and I lost sight of the cart altogether; I might be a dozen yards from Henley; I saw him half an hour afterwards. I found the prisoners in custody on the 9th of June, and am certain of them - I should know the other man.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been a ward constable? A. Two or three years - I am a porter by trade; I was going on duty. I have known Henley some years. I saw nobody in the cart.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  FIELD
               



            . I live at Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Deacon Hughes
               



            ', in Southampton-row. I packed this box up for the carrier, and put most of the articles into it myself; there was a letter in it, with some money, but I do not know how much; the ham was outside, and it was all enclosed in a wrapper.


                  MARY 
                  ANN TURNER
               



            . I am in service with Field. I delivered the box to Jones, the carrier, about two o'clock, to go to Lewisham.
WILLIAM JONES. I drive the errand-cart
 - it is my own. I received this box from Turner, and put it inside the cart, between two and three o'clock - it was directed to Lewisham; I went down Holborn, along Newgate-street, and into Cheapside - I book at the Bull public-house, in Bread-street, and stopped the cart to go there; I went from there to Gracechurch-street, and into Lime-street, left something there, and returned into Gracechurch-street - I stopped at the corner of a passage leading to the market; I went up to fetch a box from the market, and returned in ten minutes - I received information, and missed the box - it has never been found. I have got to pay 15l. to make it good.
Cross-examined. Q. When did you see the box safe? A. When I left the cart; after I came out of Lime-street. I saw Girton in about fifteen minutes, or it might be less - he had been in pursuit of the men; Henley also came up. The box might weigh a quarter of a cwt.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS GRAY
               



            . I am a Mansion-house officer. On the 8th of June I apprehended the prisoners, going down Ludgate-hill together; I told them it was for robbing the Lewisham errand-cart, on Saturday, the 19th of May - they said they did not care any thing about it, and knew nothing about it. Henley and Girton identified them at the lock-up room, among other prisoners.
JENKS' Defence. I was coming from Deptford, and met Jones in St. Paul's church-yard - I had known him eighteen months, and got into conversation with him.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
JENKS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
