





14. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE JOHN 
                     CLARK
                  , alias 
                     
JOHN FREEMAN





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of November
, 1 paper bag, value 1/4d.; 3 crowns, 32 half-crowns, 149 shillings, and 80 sixpences
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Finlay 
                     Fraser
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Bearsford
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BEARSFORD
               



            . I am servant
 to Finlay Fraser, of Lea-bridge-road, nurseryman
. On the 7th of November the prisoner went with me from Layton to town; I received at Mr. Oliver's, in Kingsland-road, about twelve o'clock in the day, a paper bag of silver, also a parcel of halfpence and soap; I was to take them to Mr. Fraser - I put them into a basket in my cart, and covered the horse-cloth over it; I was going home - the money was safe when I was at the Castle, at Clapton: the prisoner was with me all the time, but did not get into the cart after we had the money- he walked behind the cart, and I by my horse; he got on the hind part of the cart in Hackney-road


 - he said he was tired, and wanted to ride; I told him to get down and walk, as the load was heavy - he got down: I did not miss the parcel till I got home; the prisoner left me about a quarter of a mile before I got to Mr. Fraser's - I only missed the parcel of silver; I told my master my suspicions, and went with Huckel next morning, and found the prisoner in Black Horse-court, Fleet-street - some of the property was found on him.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.Did you give him a ride? A. No: I knew him before, but the load was heavy - we both rode going, but not returning; I did not give him any of the property - he might have rode four miles in the cart.
COURT. Q. Did he work at Fraser's? A. No; he was an acquaintance of mine; the money was in a basket on the top of the load at the tail, and covered with a horse-cloth.


                  JOHN 
                  HUCKEL
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 8th, about a quarter-past three o'clock in the morning, coming down Black Horse-court, with a girl on each arm; I found on him a bag, containing 12l. 4s. 6d. in crowns, half-crowns, shillings, and sixpences, and in his pocket 3s. 6d., with a bill of parcels.
RICHARD OLIVER. I am a grocer. I received a cheque from Fraser on the 7th of November, and gave Bearsford 14l. 4s. in silver, half a cwt. of soap, and 3l. in copper - there were three crowns, about 5l. in half-crowns, 2l. in shillings, and the rest in sixpences; this is the bag, and this bill of parcels with the soap and account of the money was in it.
FINLAY FRASER. I sent Bearsford for this money.
Cross-examined. Q.Did he tell you he had a stranger riding in his cart? A. He told me he suspected the prisoner had it, and that he rode with him to London, but not back.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
