






140. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  ANDERSON
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SHARWOOD
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 2d.; 2 half-crowns, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Reading
                     




                  , from her person
            .
ELIZABETH READING. I am the daughter of 
               
                  William 
                  Reading
               



            , a carpenter, of Princes-street. On the 11th of November, I was at the corner of Tower-street, Earl-street, Seven-dials


, about a quarter past nine o'clock in the evening, carrying a bundle, containing the two half-crowns, 2s., and a sixpence - I was bringing it from my grandmother to my father - the gas-lamps were lighted; when I came to Compton-street, the two prisoners followed me on to the corner of Tower-street; I crossed the road two or three times to avoid them, and, at the corner of Tower-street, Anderson snatched the handkerchief from my hand - they were both in company, and both close to me; he handed it round to Sharwood, who ran away; I caught hold of the tail of Anderson's coat; a gentleman came up, and took him to the watch-house; I knew both the prisoners before by sight; - Sharwood was taken next morning; a third boy also followed me, whom I had never seen before; I have never got my money.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What time was this? A. About a quarter-past nine o'clock - I had not been drinking - I never spoke to either of the prisoners before; the gentleman gave his name, but did not come next morning; I am certain I had been drinking with no girls; I live with my parents - I know Rebecca Howe and Elizabeth Hornsby by sight; I spent no money in liquor that night; I am not quite seventeen years old.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READING
               



            . I am this girl's father - she had not been drinking, I am certain; she described the party to me, and as I was going with her to Marlborough-street, she pointed out Sharwood in Broad-street, Carnaby-market - he saw her point him out, and ran away; he was pursued and taken.
Cross-examined. Q. Had she been out that evening? A. Yes, to her grandmother's.


                  EDMUND 
                  PEPPER
               



            . I am goaler of Marlborough-street. I was near Carnaby-market, saw Sharwood running from the alarm, and took him.
ANDERSON's Defence. I was taking a walk, and this girl said I had robbed her; nothing was found on me.
SHARWOOD's Defence. I was running to my work, and was taken.
ANDERSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
SHARWOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Life
            .
