





311. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of October
, 7 live pigs, price 16l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Colwin
                  




               
            .
SARAH COLWIN. I live in Salamanca-place, Lambethbutts, and deal in pigs
. On the 4th of October last, the prisoner, and a man named Samuel Lee, came to my house - two neighbours brought them into my yard, and asked me if I had any pigs to part with; I agreed to sell them seven pigs for 16l. 12s. 6d. - they were to be paid for and delivered the same day; I was to receive the money, when they were delivered, at White's place, in Leather-lane, Holborn - the prisoner and Lee agreed to pay for them on delivery in Leather-lane; I, and my boy took them in a cart the same day - we put them up a gateway just below White's door - I left the boy with the cart, to take care of them, while I went to receive the money; I saw both White and Lee in the house - it was a very wet day; I sat down some time, and had some refreshment - some time passed, and Lee went out with White's son; we had some bread and cheese and porter - Lee went out, with White's son; my boy, Mack, came to me, and told me, in the prisoner's presence, that Lee had told him the pigs were settled for - they had not offered me a farthing in payment; I stopped there till Lee came in, which was in about half an hour - he did not say what had become of the pigs; Lee said, in the prisoner's presence, "I have got nothing but a 50l.cheque (putting his hand into his left-hand pocket), if you can give me change?" White went over to the public-house to see if he could get change, as he said, but he did not take it with him - Lee did not give it to him; he came in again, and said he could not get change; White sat down and said, "We must draw up a bill," and sent his eldest daughter out for a stamp, and drew out the bill: I did not at that time know the pigs were gone - my only reason for selling the pigs was to settle with my landlord for my quarter's rent; I told him so, that money I must have, and I could not go out of the house without it.
Q. Then when your boy came in, he did not tell you the pigs were gone? A. No, not till after the bill was drawn; the officer has got it - this is it (looking at it); White wrote it - Lee could not write, but put his mark to it, and made me put my mark to it.
Q.Before you received that bill. tell us what took place? A. My only object was to receive the money for my rent; I objected to take the note, for I wanted money, but at last took it, as I thought I had better take it, as I could get no money; I was to have been paid by one o'clock on Monday - I did not know the pigs were gone till Lee came in and began talking about payment; I then knew they were gone - the bill was not paid; I have not received a farthing: the pigs were worth what I sold them for; after I knew they were gone Lee gave me a sovereign as a deposit, and said that was all he had - I could not see the cart the pigs were in, in the room I sat; it was just beyond the gateway - Lee left the prisoner in the room when he went out; he was talking to me about one thing or another - I was not willing to part with my pigs without ready money, for they were my whole dependence.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long had you known Lee? A. I never saw either of them before - the bargain was made openly in my yard; I have seen Lee since: I never supped with him off a fowl in my life- Lee and White are partners; the cart was mine - Lee lent me the horse to bring the pigs up; White's son came the same night, and fetched the horse home; I knew the pigs were gone when I took the deposit and the note, because I had nothing else to take: I took the note, expecting to receive the money; I cannot say whether the note was read over to me - they told me I was to receive my money on Monday at one o'clock: I do not think the note was read; I have not employed Lee since to buy me some pigs at Romford-market: when the note became due I went to their house. and saw them both in White's house, where the bill was drawn - I went there full twenty times after it was due, and saw them sometimes; they had not got the money to pay me - I saw White in Smithfield-market acting as a pig-jobber, and asked if he meant to pay me; he said he could not stop, but would meet me at a public-house; I staid there two hours, but he never came: he moved from his house, and was taken on another charge on the 26th of December.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MACK
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutrix. I went in the cart with the pigs to White's house; I waited with the cart while mistress went into the house: I was about half a dozen yards from the door - I staid there about half an hour; Lee and the prisoner's son came out; be gave me a drop of beer and a bit of biscuit, and then went in doors again - he came out again in about half an hour, and told me the pigs were settled for; he took the horse and cart away with the pigs: I went into mistress and told her the pigs were gone - I sat down and had a drop of beer before I told her, for I thought she knew it; I told her in the prisoner's presence what Lee had said - the prisoner said nothing to that; I staid there till Lee returned, which was about an hour; the prisoner was present - he told mistress he had no money for her, except she could give him change for a 50l. cheque; she said she could not, she had not got a farthing in her pocket - White then said he must draw up a bill; he sent his daughter out for a stamp, and drew the bill; mistress said a bill was of no use to her without the money - she came away with the bill after a bit.
Cross-examined. Q.Who gave the bill to your mistress? A.White - Lee signed it; she took it after I had told her the pigs were gone, as she found she could get nothing else; they brought the cart and horse home the same night, and the horse was taken away: the bill was not read at all; mistress did not ask to have it read - she has sent me four or five times since to see White; I sometimes saw them, and sometimes nobody; mistress has not had a pig since.
The bill being read, was drawn at four days after date, and signed 
               S. Lee
            , his X mark, 36, Ayr-street-hill.
MR. PHILLIPS to SARAH COLWIN. Q. Did you not agree to go to Romford with Lee, to buy some pigs? A. No, I had some porter with Lee at a public-house the day the pigs were agreed for; it was before they were taken away- they endeavoured to buy them on the Wednesday, but on Saturday I took them home; I met Lee in Smithfield one day and asked him for the money - I never met him by appointment at Lambeth-marsh.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Before Mr. Justice Park.
