





1366. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of April
, 2 crape handkerchiefs, value 1l. 14s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Burbidge
               




             and another.
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
WILLAM WRAY. I am warehouseman to Mr. John Burbidge and another, of Bread-street


, Scotch and Manchester warehousemen
. On the 8th of April, the prisoner, whom I knew, came to our warehouse between five and six o'clock, and asked for Mr. Burbidge; I said he was gone home - there were ten shawls lying in the warehouse they had been marked by me for a particular purpose - he staid about a quarter of an hour, and when he was gone, I missed two; I sent our apprentice after the prisoner - he came back; I asked him to walk in the counting-house, and taxed him with having the two shawls - he denied it; I told him I could not think of his leaving the place till he convinced me he had not got them - he told me had not; I wished him to take off his hat - he asked me the reason of that; I told him from a circumstance which had occurred some time before - he took off his hat, and gave me the two shawls out of it; he promised that he would return the next morning to see one of my employers, and I let him go, but he did not return - I did not see him again till Friday, when he was in custody.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Was be taken at his own house? A. Yes; by Mr. Burbidge - I believe Mr. Burbidge has known him ten or twelve years; I believe some of the female members of their families are related; I was not present at any interview between him and Mr. Burbidge - I know he came there with Mr. Burbidge; I was at the warehouse at the time; he was in the counting-house with Mr. Puzey, perhaps twenty minutes or half an hour - he was then given into custody; I am sure he did not say, "I have not stolen the shawls."
JURY. Q. Is the prisoner in the habit of dealing there? A. No; he came backwards and forwards as one of the family.


                  THOMAS 
                  PUZEY
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  John 
                  Richard Burbidge
               



            . I never knew his name was Richard till within the last ten days.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known the prisoner? A.About three years and a half; he was in the counting-house perhaps two hours before he was given into custody - Mr. Wray had told me of the robbery.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is Mr. Burbidge unwilling to prosecute him? A.He would never give me an answer when I asked him.


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner at the prosecutor's house - these shawls were delivered to me.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner, in a long address to the Court, stated that this prosecution arose from vindictive feelings on the part of Mr. Puzey; that Mr. Burbidge had signed an instrument, declaring the prosecution was carried on entirely against his will, and had ordered Wray not to appear; that he (the prisoner,) had the use of the prosecutor's counting-house for his business at all times; and having an order for shawls, took these, not thinking it necessary to name it to Wray, as he was on such friendly terms with them; he then stated that Mr. Puzey had told a Mr. White, that he would not proceed, if he received 40l.; and that he, the prisoner, was in good circumstances, and could have no motive to commit such an offence.
MR. BARRY to MR. PUZEY. Q.Have you had any conversation with any person? A. Yes, Mr. White and another gentleman; I never said if I could have the 40l. I would not prosecute - I said I believed my partner put Wray out of the way; I am satisfied he was very desirous of getting him off - he brought him, and said, "Here is Wall, do what you will with him;" I believe he has lent the prisoner 500l. at a time - he had a good opinion of him.
Prisoner. Q. Had you a young man named Hobbs? A. Yes; he robbed us.
JURY. Q. Had the prisoner any dealings at your house? A. I believe not; I could not swear it; he might have bought a few things.
Prisoner to 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WRAY
               



            . Q. Did you not say"Mr. Wall, I am very sorry to ask you the question; have you not some shawls?" A. I did not - you denied having them; you gave them to me afterwards - I believeyou were not in needy circumstances; you had a good situation.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
