






401. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FLETCHER
                  




               
             & 
               
                  MARY 
                  MARSHALL
               




             were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of December
, 2 tea-spoons, value 5s.; 2 quilts, value 3s. 6d., and 1 pillow, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Kemsley
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  KEMSLEY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Kemsley
               



             - he lives in Union-street, Hackney-road


. The prisoners took a room of me at 5s. per week - they staid but two nights, and then went away; they lived together as man and wife - they locked their door, and took the key; I got a smith to open the door, and then missed the articles, this was on the 19th of December, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning.


                  MARY 
                  DAVIS
               



            . The prisoners came to lodge with me on the 19th of December - I went into their room that day, and found fourteen duplicates, two of which relate to this property.


                  SARAH 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I live in Wood-street, Spitalfields, and am a pawnbroker. I have a quilt pawned with me on the 19th of December, by a woman; I could not swear to Marshall's person, but I believe she is the person - this is the duplicate I gave.


                  MARTIN 
                  SUTTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two spoons pawned with me on the 19th, by the female prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  MILLAR
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a pillow and some patch-work belonging to Mrs. Kemsley, pawned by Marshall.(Property produced and sworn to.)
MARSHALL'S Defence. I took the key of the room, with the intention of returning in a few days.
MARSHALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
FLETCHER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.





               Transported for Seven Years - Marshall's sentence to commence from the expiration of the former term
            .
