





550. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  TATHAM
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of February
, 1 jacket, value 5s., and 1 pair of overalls, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Riches
               




            .
JOHN RICHES. I am groom
 to Messrs. Cowie; their stable is in Charles-street, Long-acre


, and their house is at the corner of the street. On Tuesday night last I went to the stable to feed a horse; I saw a light there - a man ran into the necessary, and either the prisoner or his companion blew out the light; I said I had not got the key of the stable; I turned back and locked the outer door, and said to my fellow-servant, there is somebody in the stable - he said "Mind the place, and I will call my master." I went back, and saw the prisoner and his companion come out of the stable. I said "What do you want there," and tried to stop the prisoner, who got by my companion, but he afterwards pursued and took him in Bow-street - I am quite positive of his person; I went on to the stable, and missed my jacket and overalls, which I wore there at four o'clock.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am porter to Messrs. Cowie. I saw the prisoner running up into Charles-street, Longacre, near our door at the corner - I followed him and took him in Drury-lane.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I am an officer. I took up the prisoner about eight o'clock last Tuesday night - I found on him eight keys, and two of them locked the stable door - I found one picklock key, a phosphorus box, and this sack.
Prisoner's Defence. I met a young man, - we got into conversation; he went to the stable and unlocked the door; he said "Just put these keys into your pocket;" he staid some time and I went in; I had not been there long when I heard a noise, - he put the light out, and as soon as this gentlemen was gone he opened the door - I was agitated and ran away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
