






320. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     DENSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KIRKHAM
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, 50 lbs. of rope, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Kennedy
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BUCKEY
               



            . I am a Surveyor of the Thames Police. On the 24th of December, I was on duty, with another officer, near the West India Dock-bridge, and about a quarter to eight o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoners coming over the bridge in company; I stopped Denson, and found 28 lbs. of rope round his body, under his smock-frock. He said he picked it up on the bank of the City Canal, by the Isle of Dogs, in company with Kirkham. In a private pocket, down the seam in the leg of his trowsers. I found a knife, which had been cutting tarred rope. I asked why he concealed the rope - he said he thought it the best way of carrying it. I went and found the brig Pilgrim adrift, in the City Canal, with her head-rope cut at the water's edge; I cut a piece off the end - it corresponded with what he had.
TROMAS CLARK. I was with Buckey, whose account is correct. I examined Kirkham, and found 22 lbs. of rope round his body, under his smock frock - it tallies with what the other prisoner had, and in his jacket pocket, I found a knife.


                  ROBERT 
                  KENNEDY
               



            . I am master of the Pilgrim. I fastened her all right, and found her adrift in the morning. This rope is mine, I have no doubt.
DENSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
KIRKHAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
