





929. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GLOVER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of May
, a trunk, value 2 s.; eight shirts, value 3 l. 5 s.; seven neckerchiefs, value 14 s.; a pair of drawers, value 5 s.; five shifts, value 2 l. 10 s.; four flannel waistcoats, value 16 s.; five petticoats, value 24 s.; four frocks, value 28 s.; ten pinafores, value 15 s.; four bed-gowns, value 12 s.; seven caps, value 9 s.; eleven handkerchiefs, value 2 l. 4 s.; ten towels, value 10 s.; twenty-two tablecloths, value 42 s.; seventeen pairs of socks, value 17 s.: four napkins, value 8 s.; two aprons, value 2 s.; three sheets, value 3 l. 11 s., and two curtains, value 12 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Tooley
               




            .
JAMES TOOLEY. I keep the Hampstead errand cart
.
On the 9th of May I received a trunk from Mr. Roper, of Hampstead, to convey to the Deptford carrier, at the Pewter Platter, Gracechurch-street; I got to Bishopsgate-street


, about six o'clock in the evening, and was taking in goods at Mr. M'Intosh's - this trunk was on the tilt in front of the cart - I went up a court, leaving a boy in care of the cart, and on coming back I missed the trunk - I saw the prisoner at the Mansion-house with it in about half an hour - I had not observed him near the cart.


                  JANE 
                  STRANGE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Roper, of Hampstead. On the 9th of May I put the articles stated in the indictment, into the trunk, to go by Tooley's cart - the linen was worth 20 l.


                  JAMES 
                  VEAR
               



            . I am a carrier to Blackwell. I was by Mr. M'Intosh's gateway, in Bishopsgate-street, and saw the prisoner go to the front of the cart and take this trunk - two more were with him; one went one way and the other another; I followed the prisoner, calling Stop thief! he turned down Threadneedle-street, and I stopped him without losing sight of him; he threw it down and ran away - I picked it up, and saw him taken again.


                  THOMAS 
                  HALES
               



            . I am a fruit salesman. I saw the prisoner in Threadneedle-street, with the box; there was a cry of Stop Thief! he dropped it and ran down Crown-court - I stopped him till an officer came up.
(Trunk produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was standing in the street, a gentleman asked me to carry the box, and I took it off the cart - somebody said it was stolen and I dropped it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
