





992. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  COUSINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of March
, 3 quarts of gin, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hearn
               




            , his master.


                  GEORGE 
                  WATERS
               



            . I am clerk at the King's Arms inn, Holborn-bridge, which is kept by Joseph Hearn; the prisoner was in his employ. On the 16th of March I received a puncheon of gin to forward to Messrs. Couningham and Co. of Wilts, and on the 17th, in consequence of information, I filled up the puncheon, and found three quarts were gone out of it.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you fill it yourself? A. No - the permit stated it to be full, but I did not raise the hung; I went to Anderson's, where it came from - they sent a man to fill it with a gallon measure; I measured what was left in the measure, and there was a quart.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BOULTON
               



            . I am watchman at Mr. Hearn's. - On the morning of the 17th of March, about three o'clock, I let the prisoner in, and about four I saw him standing at the side of the puncheon of gin, with a bottle in his hand, and about a quartern and a half in it; I said, "When you have done with that, I suppose you will leave me a drop?" he said, "It is gin," and said he was very sorry - it was the first time, and he hoped I would forgive him; I said I should mention it to Mr. Hearn; he said if I would forgive him he would give me half a sovereign - I said Icould not for twenty. Here is the bottle - the gin had been got out by this tin machine, which was in the spilehole - it does not belong to the premises.
Cross-examined. Q. You merely saw him with the bottle of gin in his hand? A. Yes.


                  EVAN 
                  JONES
               



            . I received him in charge with the bottle of gin.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
