





1605. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     PARROTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of August
, 30 yards of ribbon, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Shoolbred
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Gregory 
                           Cook
                        



                     
                  ; and that at the delivery of the King's Gaol of Newgate, holden for the County of Middlesex, at Justice Hall, in the Old Bailey, on Thursday, the 11th of September, in the 9th year of the reign of his present Majesty, she was convicted of felony.
            



                  JOHN 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am an assistant to James Shoolbred and 
               
                  Gregory 
                  Cook
               



            , linen-drapers

, of Tottenham-court-road


. On the 7th of August I was walking outside the counter, and saw the prisoner in the shop concealing a piece of ribbon - she had bought one yard; she put the piece she concealed in a small basket, covered it with a handkerchief, and was then going away - I detained her, took her into the warehouse, and said, "I must send for an officer;" she desired me to let her go, but I said I could not, as it was the second time she had been there- she then gave me a second piece of ribbon, which had been concealed under her shawl.


                  THOMAS 
                  SIPLESS
               



            . I am a street-keeper. I took the prisoner into custody, and produce the property.
Prisoner. I was intoxicated at the time. Witness. No, she was not.


                  HENRY 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I produce a certificate of the conviction of this prisoner last September, of the name of 
               
                  Maria 
                  Drury
               



            , for stealing some ribbon - I took her, and attended the trial; I know she is the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Life
            .
