





243. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SWENEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of January
, one coat, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Ambrose
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  AMBROSE
               



            . I am a carrier
. On the 4th of January, between six and seven o'clock at night, my cart stood between Compton-street


, and Monmouth-street


, with the coat in it. I went into a public-house; returned in five or ten minutes. The prisoner was brought to me with the coat. I had left my sister in care of the cart.


                  ROBERT 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a constable. About six o'clock in the evening, I received information, and secreted myself in Hampshire Hog-yard. I saw the prisoner and two others come up the yard. The patrol called me, and collared the prisoner, who dropped the coat - the other two ran off.


                  DAVID 
                  KNOWLES
               



            . I am patrol. I saw the prisoner and another go up the side of the cart; and one of them took something from the cart - they left - and when they got on the pavement, a third man joined them. I followed them up Hampshire Hog-yard - I collared the prisoner, who was carrying the coat - I called Clark, and he dropped it, and struggled to get away, and said it was 
               
                  Tom 
                  Well
               



            's coat.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been with a friend; and as I returned, a man threw the coat on my shoulder; I thought it was my friend, and said it was his.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
