





698. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of January
, 1 patent lock, value 15s., and 2 keys, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Chubb
                  




               
            , his master.


                  CHARLES 
                  CHUBB
               



            . I am a patent detector lock manufacturer
. On the 31st of January the prisoner, who was in my employ, came to me and said, "Sir, I have done something that is wrong, and I hope you will forgive me;" I asked what it was - he said a person in Aldersgate-street had asked him to bring a lock to look at the works of it; I said, "Have you taken one?" he said Yes; I said,"By whose authority?" he said he had no authority, and the person had detained it; I asked what he said; he said he told them his master sold them for 18s. but he should have it for 8s. I told him to go to work - which he did; Mr. Pullen came and asked me about it.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. How long had he been with you? A. About fifteen months; I placed unlimited confidence in him; he has no father or mother; he did not attempt to escape.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PULLEN
               



            . The prisoner brought me a lock on the 31st of January, about a quarter or half-past one o'clock; he asked if I wanted to buy a good box lock - I said No; he said he was very poor and would sell it cheap; he left it, and said he would call again as he was going further; when he was gone, I looked and saw it was one of Mr. Chubb's patent locks; I had known him as Mr. Chubb's porter
; and when he came back, I asked what he wanted for it; he said they sold them for 18s. but I should have it for 8s. - I told him I thought it was stolen; he said he did not come by it as Mr. Chubb did, it was his own lock; I went to Mr. Chubb with it - he begged me not to go to his master, as he should have a noise.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I asked if he thought it was worth 8s. - I did not say I would take 8s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
