





SEVENTH DAY, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 18.
Second Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1648. 
               
                  ANN 
                  BLACKMORE
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Lewis 
                        Pesman
                     




                  , on the 7th of September
, and stealing 2 pairs of stockings, value 4s.; 20 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; 1 shirt, value 5s.; 2 cravats, value 1s.; 12 collars, value 5s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 4s.; 3 waistcoats, value 4s.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 1 sheet, value 2s.; 1 blanket, value 2s.; 1 coverlid, value 2s., and 1 candlestick, value 6d.
            , his property.
LEWIS PESMAN. I am a pasteboard manufacturer
, and live in Red Lion-street, Spitalfields


. The prisoner came to lodge at my house on the 2d of June, with a man as her husband - they went by the name of Thorp: I am often out in the day-time - I lock my bed-room door, and hang the key in the parlour; I missed things from my drawers at different times - I first missed two pairs of stockings, then a shirt, two neckcloths and several collars - I said nothing to her till the 9th of September, when I took her up and said "Mrs. Thorp, I have been robbed, my suspicious fall on you, and I give charge of you;" she solemnly declared she had taken nothing of mine; I had been to a pawnbroker's before that, and found some things - I gave charge of the man too, but the Magistrate discharged him


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a candlestick pawned on the 25th of June; two handkerchiefs on the 20th of August, for 6d., and a pair of stockings for 9d.; two waistcoats, and two pairs of stockings, pawned at different times, and part of them by the prisoner.


                  DICKINSON 
                  SOWERBY
               



            . I live in Brick-lane, Spitalfields. I have a blanket, shift, two pairs of stockings, and a pair of trousers pawned by a woman whom I do not know.


                  JOSEPH 
                  JOSLIN
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Williams of Brick-lane. I have a waistcoat, but do not know who pawned it.


                  CHARLES 
                  STILL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a bedrug pawned by a woman in the name of Ann Thorp.


                  JOSHUA 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in charge, and found four duplicates of the property - one of them is torn to pieces.


                  LEWIS 
                  PESMAN
               



            . All this property is mine: I have a wife, child, apprentice and four lodgers - my wife knew where to find the bed-room key; anybody could get at it.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. By your wife, do you mean the woman named Price? A. I married Lady Price: the man who lived with the prisoner, went to work daily - she was at home all day.
Prisoner's Defence. I never had any false key: I found the door open, and intended to replace the things which I pawned.
GUILTY. Aged 21.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
