







812. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PURDY
               




            , 
               
                  HENRY 
                  DOWTY
               




            , and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GRADY
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of March
, 1 cask, value 3s., and 8 gallons of gin, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John Gyllyat 
                  Booth
               



            , and 
               
                  Felix 
                  Booth
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. John Gyllyat,Booth and Felix Booth, they are rectifiers

, and live at No. 55, Cow Cross-street, Smithfield. On the 18th of March, about a quarter-past nine o'clock, I went with the waggon to Mr. Weller's, in Old-street - the carman, 
               
                  Charles 
                  Merritt
               



            , was with me - the waggon contained two pipes, one puncheon, one hogshead, and the cask, which was taken out, which contains eight gallons and three pints of gin, while we were racking off the two pipes for Mr. Weller, about a quarter before ten o'clock, I saw Purdy standing loitering about the waggon; he put his hand through the side of the waggon to assist me in pushing off the pipe, and his other hand on the horse-cloths; we finished the two pipes in Mr. Weller's, and made the waggon secure, as we thought, and went into the house to put on our clothes; when we had been in about five minutes, Buckle gave me information - I went out and ran in the direction he told me, and saw Dowty, whom I had not seen about the waggon, with the cask on his shoulder; I collared him with my left hand and took the cask with my right - I asked him where he was going to carry it; he threw it down, with an intention of throwing it on my feet; he said he was a porter and took casks or any thing for any one who asked him; Purdy was then on the opposite side of the way; and as soon as Dowty threw the cask down, Purdy ran away; I called Stop thief! the carman pursued him; I took Dowty to the watch-house, and Purdy was brought there in about two minutes - I am certain he is the man I saw about; I know nothing about Grady.


                  CHARLES 
                  MERRITT
               



            . I am carman to Messrs. Booth. I saw Purdy waiting round the waggon all the time we were racking the gin; when we went in to put on our clothes some man came and gave an alarm; we ran out - I pursued Purdy, and saw Dowty carrying a cask of gin, which had been in the waggon; my partner came up to him and he threw it slap down almost on his goes - I pursued Purdy, because he ran way, and I thought he was as bad as the other - I knew him to be the man who had been waiting about the waggon.


                  JOHN 
                  BUCKLE
               



            . I am a broker. I live near Mr. Weller. On the 18th of March I saw a waggon at his door, delivering spirits - I saw the three prisoners and another man with them - they had been waiting about at a distance, while the spirits were delivering; one of them was at the window of a cook's shop, and the other at the corner of Ironmonger-row; when the men were gone in to get their clothes, the fourth man, who is not here, nodded to the other three, and Grady got on the waggon-wheel and handed out the cask (which seemed to me to be a barrel of gin) to Dowty, who was waiting for it; Purdy stood at the door all the time - the other was still at the cook's-shop window, at the corner of New-street - Dowty went along Old-street, and up Ironmonger-row - I went and told the carmen of it - Dowty and Purdy were soon after brought to the watch-house.
Cross-examined by Mr. BRODRICK. Q. Where were you? A. At my own door, nearly opposite Mr. Weller's, fifty or sixty yards off; I live with my father, who is a broker - I saw the carmen go into the house to put on their clothes; I had been looking about for half-an hour - I was afraid to call out for fear they should knock me down; I did not make any alarm till the cask was gone.
COURT. Q. Are you quite sure Grady is the man? A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  PRIMETT
               



            . I am a carpenter. I was coming through Old-street turnpike, and saw Purdy coming towards Golden-lane - I stopped him and gave him to the officer.


                  RICHARD 
                  VALENTINE HANDLEY
               



            . I am a yeoman. On the 18th of March, about eleven o'clock, I was coming up Old-street, and I saw a waggon, belonging to Messrs. Booth, standing at the prosecutor's door - I was stopping to tie my shoe, and saw Grady lifting a cask from the waggon; he put it on the hind-wheel - another person came up, put it on his knot, and walked off with it - it struck me something was wrong, and I watched him; he went up Ironmonger-row; I heard the cry that they had been robbing a waggon; Parker ran up Old-street, and I up Ironmonger-row; Parker seized the man; and I saw him stretch himself up and throw the cask down, as if to throw it on his legs; I have not the least doubt it was Grady who handed the cask out, but I will not swear to him.
Cross-examined. Q. You had but a short time to see him? - A. No; I was examined before the Magistrate, and my belief was the same as it is now.


                  JOHN 
                  TWEEDY
               



            . I am a constable. I was coming out of the watch-house when this happened; I saw some people running, and I put my prisoner back again; I saw Purdy run, pursued by another man; I pursued, and he was taken; I put him into the watch-house.


                  ROBERT 
                  LOCK
               



            . I am an officer. I took Grady on Saturday evening, the 18th of March, about eight o'clock.
PURDY'S Defence. I happened to stop at the corner of a street, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I ran like other people, but never saw either of the prisoners before.
DOWTY's Defence. I was going down Old-street; a man asked me to carry a cask, and said he would pay me for it; I went to the waggon and took it; he told me to go on.
GRADY's Defence. The man has sworn falsely; he swore to me by having a blue coat and leather gaiters; when I was taken I had a blue coat on, but no gaiters.
COURT to BUCKLE. Q. What coloured coat had Grady? A. A blue coat and a pair of leather gaiters above the knee, and he had them on when he was in the watch-house.


                  ROBERT 
                  LOCK
               



            . I do not think he had gaiters on when I took him; but I cannot swear he had not.
PURDY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
DOWTY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
GRADY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
