





993. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ELLIOT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of April
, five handkerchiefs, value 20 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Nichols
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  NICHOLS
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in Bell-street, Edgware-road. I had been out on Saturday evening, the 10th of April, and returned about ten o'clock - my shopman gave me some information, and I went in search of the prisoner, whom I had not seen before; I found him at the end of Cato-street; he said his name was Johnson, and said afterwards that he lived in Cato-street; he afterwards said his name was Jones, and he lived in Little James-street; I went with him to a house in James-street, and asked the woman if he lived there; she said, No. I then gave charge of him.


                  CHARLES 
                  COBB
               



            . I was in the service of Mr. Nichols. About half-past eight o'clock on the evening of the 10th of April, the prisoner was in the shop with another young man; they asked to look at some socks - they did not buy anything then, but went away, and in about ten minutes they came back together, and while the other bought the socks, the prisoner stood behind him, and pulled the handkerchiefs out of the window; I saw him take them, he went out of the shop with them. I went to the door, but could not see him. Mr. Nichols came home about an hour and a half afterwards, and went with me to find the prisoner as he has stated. I am certain he is the person.


                  HENRY 
                  KIRKFIELD
               



            . Mr. Nichols gave the prisoner in charge; he said,
"Let me go, and I will make it all right with Mr. Nichols."
Prisoner. I said no such thing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
