





1192. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of August
, one handkerchief, value 7 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Cornwall
                  




               
            .


                  LYDIA 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I keep the Drum, public-house, at Old-Brentford


. On the 14th of August, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I was sitting in the kitchen. A man came in at the back door, and in a few minutes I heard a noise over the kitchen, I went up into the bed-room, saw no one, and came down again, and in a few minutes heard somebody coming down stairs. I stopped down in the passage, a man came to the bottom of the stairs, went out at the back door, and went towards New Brentford - he held his face down so low. I could not see his features - my husband gave an alarm, I went up and found my brother-in-law's box broken open - the prisoner was in the house that afternoon, but I will not swear he is the one I saw come down stairs.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CORNWALL
               



            . When I came home, I found my box broken open.


                  MARY 
                  CORNWALL
               



            . I was talking to my aunt in the kitchen, heard a noise, she went up, and came down; I looked after the man, and called my uncle to pursue him.


                  THOMAS 
                  BAKER
               



            . I sell oysters. On the 14th of August, I heard a cry in the street, and saw a man following the prisoner; expecting him to be the thief, I attempted to stop him, he jumped suddenly aside, and struck me - I followed, and collared him, he turned round and dropped a silk handkerchief, a small chissel, and a small crow-bar; I picked them up, and brought him with them to the office.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ADDERLEY
               



            . I heard a cry, crossed the road, and Baker gave me the prisoner and implements, and as I was locking him up, he threw a bundle of picklock keys away.


                  GEORGE 
                  CARVER
               



            . On the 14th of August, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I went to this house, and had a pint of beer. The prisoner sat there half an hour, I heard a cry of Stop thief! and immediately missed him, ran, and saw him secured.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
