





1251. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JACKMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of October
, 195 lbs. of lead, value 20 s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Dell
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  DELL
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dell
               



            , who keeps a livery-stable
. On the 16th of October, about half-past ten o'clock at night, the watchman said there was a man upon the top of the ride, who he believed was our servant
. (the prisoner had lived with us, but had left us about nine months) I took a candle, went down, and found him at his lodgings, in a tenement at the bottom of the ride. I said it would be better for him to own it. The lead was taken from the ride.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a watchman. At ten o'clock, I was going up White Horse-yard


 under the ride, and on entering the bottom of the yard I heard something fall very heavy in the stable or loft. I stood a short time, and heard the tiles rattle; I put my light out, went under the ride, and heard the tiles rattle again. I kept my eye on the place, and saw a man's leg three times. I went to the public-house, and beckoned Corking out; he looked up, and saw a man's leg. The landlord came out; I lifted him upon the wall so that he could get on the ride. Morris also went up. In the mean time the prisoner came out of the stable-door; I said
"William is it you?" he said Yes, I said
"Some person was on the top of the ride, I hope it was not you?" he said No, he had laid down in the stable, and went to sleep, and some noise awoke him. A light was called for by Corking; he went to his apartments, and fetched one. One Walford came out of the hay-loft, and said to the prisoner
"You are the man" - he said No. I am not. He gave me the candle in my hand. I then went to his apartment, and he was given in in charge. Mrs. Dell said he must go the watch-house; he fell on his knees, and begged she would shew him mercy, for the sake of his family, and acknowledged taking the lead.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CORKING
               



            . The watchman called me; I went down the ride, and saw a man's leg on the top of the tiles. I got upon the wall, and saw a man close by a hole, which had been made by taking the tiles off; I saw him go down there into the loft. I called to the persons in the yard, that I believed it was William, but was not certain. He was hostler there formerly. He was quite out of my sight, I could not discern whether it was him or not. I went to the hole, and there found a cursingle on the tiles close by the gutter; I got down the hole, and put my feet upon the lead in the loft; I immediately saw somebody come out of the stable-door. Nobody else was in the loft.


                  FRANCIS 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I heard a watchman come into the public-house, and call Corking. I went on the ride, and saw Corking upon the roof; he said somebody was gone through the hole, and in about two minutes I saw the prisoner come out of the stable, which the hole led to. I found the lead by the hole, and matched it to the gutter, it matched.


                  JAMES 
                  HERBERT
               



            . I am a patrol. I took the prisoner to the watch-house with the lead. I pulled his hands out of his pockets, they were all over lead; I said
"You are the lead merchant." I am certain he had been handling lead.


                  MARGARET 
                  HOWLET
               



            . I saw the prisoner upon the tiles in the gutter many times; he said he was looking where the wet came in.
Prisoner's Defence. Mrs. Dell came, and said if I would acknowledge it, no harm should come to me. Instead of my begging her pardon, I refused to do it. I admit I have been on the tiles cleaning the gutter, as the wet came in upon my bed, but was not on this night. On this evening I was rather tipsey, and quarrelled with my wife; I went to sleep in the stable, and was awoke by a noise, came out, and asked what it was about. Two or three men might have come out, while I went for the light.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
