





868. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SEALES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of March
, 3 bushels of potatoes, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jeffery 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  ROBERT 
                  PARKER
               



            . I live in Shoreditch, and deal in potatoes. On the 6th of March I purchased twenty-four tons of potatoes, at a wharf in Tooley-street


; they were to be taken to my premises in Shoreditch - I left the wharf about five o'clock in the afternoon; a waggon, which the prisoner drove, and a cart driven by another man, were then loaded - I did not count how many sacks were placed in the waggon, but it should carry forty-eight sacks; a note was given with it: the prisoner came with his waggon to my premises about seven o'clock in the evening, and I saw the potatoes delivered - Pearce and two or three others of my servants helped him to unload, and carry them in; before they were unloaded, I asked the prisoner whereHolmes, the man who drove the cart, was - he said he had not seen him; I said it was very strange, as the cart started first, and ought to have arrived first: when the sacks were emptied from the waggon, they were placed in the shop, not in the street - I saw there were but forty-seven; I got into the waggon, and saw an empty sack lying in it - the prisoner was in the waggon; I accused him of having the empty sack there, and offering my man gin to carry it in - he denied it, and said he knew nothing about it: the value of the potatoes is about 5s.; the prisoner is carman
 to 
               
                  John 
                  Smith
               



            , a wharfinger
.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You do not know whether he saw the waggon loaded? A. I do not know; there was a ticket given to the prisoner - that ticket is not here.


                  JOHN 
                  COSBUR
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Jeffery Smith. I remember forty-eight sacks of potatoes being put into the prisoner's waggon - I helped to load them; the prisoner was not near at the time, but I saw him drive the waggon away, after it had stood there about three hours.
Cross-examined. Q. What is Mr. Smith's name? A. Jeffery; I have seen his name on the waggon - I was not at the wharf all the time; after the waggon was loaded I was backwards and forwards - there were a great many people in the wharf, perhaps a hundred, doing their work; I recollect the prisoner having two hundred and five cheeses booked to him, and he delivered two hundred and fourteen- I cannot say whether there were forty-eight sacks in the waggon when it went away.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  MOXON
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Jeffery Smith- he has no other name, nor partner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Palmer. On the night in question the prisoner brought the potatoes to my master's; I assisted to unload them - when I had got eight or ten sacks out of the waggon, the prisoner said "I have an empty sack and I will put it into the mouth of your sack, to make all right," I said, I should not do any such thing - I carried in that sack of potatoes, came back, and the empty sack was in the mouth of the next whole sack I was to carry in; he said "You must do it now - you can do it if you like; I will give you a drop of gin to make it all right," I said I should do no such thing, but he must take the sack out, put it in the bottom of the waggon, and I should see if the full number were delivered, when the sacks were counted; as the sacks were emptied they were placed against the counter in the shop; I carried one or two more sacks in - the prisoner again said, "You must do it," and there was the empty sack in the month of another; I said, I should do no such thing - he took the sack out with his left hand, and threw it down into the bottom of the waggon; when the sacks were all taken out, I did not go back to the waggon - there were only forty-seven sacks carried in and emptied.
Cross-examined. Q. Whether any person might have emptied a sack of potatoes on the wharf you cannot tell? A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILD
               



            . I am clerk to a gentleman in Tooley-street. I saw forty-eight sacks of potatoes in the waggon.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you there when the waggon was loading? A. Yes; that was between one and two o'clock; the waggon left about five - I did not stay by it, I went away; I did not see the prisoner come to it, nor see it go away; I believe there was a tarpauling over it when it stood in the yard in the afternoon.
COURT. Q. How were the sacks placed? A. Four rows of nine in each, and twelve laid at the top of them; they were not tied on the top.
Prisoner's Defence. I went with three waggons, but never loaded any one of them; the first waggon had a tarpauling, and no other - I never said any such thing to Pearce.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
