





584. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     KERBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
MR. LAW conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FEARMAN
               




            . The prisoner was in my service. I commenced business about February, 1818; he was at that time my shopman
, and collecting clerk
, entrusted to receive money and effects for me, and was to account to me immediately on the receipt of them; he left me in June, 1820. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Coakley
               



             was in partnership with me till the 26th of October, 1819. In October, 1819, Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Stodhart
               



             was a debtor of mine, of 6 l. 10 s. 10 d. I never received that sum - it was due to the partnership. Coakley never interfered in the concern; I never received this money, nor any draft for it, either from Mr. Stodhart or the prisoner.
Q. Look at this letter, and tell me whose writing it is - A. It is the prisoner's. I know it well, he left me very unwell. I received this letter on the 27th of June, 1820, and took out a warrant against him about that time. When he left me, I had a Mr. Smart to succeed him, for a short time.
Q. Look at this receipt - whose writing is it - A. The prisoner's, Mr. Stodhart shewed it to me, about the time that I took out the warrant, and after the prisoner left me. I am not indebted to the prisoner.

Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Is Mr. Coakley alive or dead - A. He died about six months ago. There was a dispute between us at one time, but a dissolution took place - we had nothing to do with law after the dissolution.
Q. Do you know that Mr. Coakley warned the prisoner not to pay over any money, till the dispute was ended - A. I never knew it; he never interfered. When the dispute happened, Mr. Coakley consulted a Mr. Bull - I believe he demanded 300 l.
Q. Now, I put it to you again, and desire you will never cautiously. Did not Mr. Coakley and his solicitor, tell you, no more money should be paid to you by the collector, till you satisfied his demand - A. Never, Mr. Bull is not carrying on a lawsuit against me now. There was an arrangement when the dissolution took place - 100 l. was paid over.
Q.Was the prisoner a person who went backwards and forwards between you, Coakley, and Mr. Bull - A. I do not know that ever he went.
Q. Are you aware that you are a witness on your oath - A. Yes; the unpleasant manner in which you put your questions, induces me to say I will not answer any more.
COURT. The Court will decide what are legal questions, and if they are legal, you are bound to answer; the Counsel has a right to pursue his instructions - if questions are illegal the Court will interfere.
MR. ANDREWS. Q. Now, Sir, was not the prisoner sent again, and again, between you and Mr. Coakley, to the solicitor who arranged the business between you - A. I do not recollect ever sending him, the business was arranged by my solicitor. I kept the books. Kirby sometimes made an entry, he was the only person appointed to collect booksellers' bills. Mr. Stodhart is a bookseller. When the prisoner received money, it was his duty to enter it - if I was there he sometimes gave the money to me. I have the cash-book here, there is no entry of this money in it. When I observed the money unpaid, I credited Mr. Stodhart in my ledger in these words,
"Cash paid to Kirby."
Q. Where is the pocket-ledger which the prisoner used to carry about to collect it - A. I believe it is in the library, it is a book of no consequence - I have brought all the books that are necessary. I have not got it here.
Q. Has it happened to you to burn any books, or were they burnt by accident - A. No; no book has been burnt by accident or design. The receipt is dated the 16th of October, 1819. Coakley was alive when I discovered this money was paid. I did not go to Mr. Coakley to represent to him any thing about debts being stopped in the hands of the collector. I took out a warrant against the prisoner shortly after I discovered it. Lavender or Bishop had it to execute - I do not know when he was taken. I went before the Grand Jury last Sessions - I was not aware that I could go before the Grand Jury till he was apprehended.
Q. Now, on your oath, did you not know where to find the prisoner from the time he left you as well as you knew where to find the Sessions-house, in the Old Bailey - A. On my solemn oath I did not - his letter was dated from Lumber-court. On my oath I do not know where he lived, I never met him to my knowledge.
MR. LAW. Q.Was Coakley an acting or sleeping partner - A. A sleeping partner. The prisoner was to account to me and not to him - the book is one he entered names in of persons he had to collect from - it was his own memorandum book. This was discovered subsequent to the dissolution. I kept the partnership's book - Coakley had nothing to do with them.
The receipt was then put in and read, dated the 16th of October, 1819, and signed 
               
                  William 
                  Kirby
               



            , also the following letters:
JUNE, 27, 1820.
SIR, - I am extremely sorry for my ill conduct to one, I must say, who always treated me with the greatest kindness. I am also sorry to say I cannot make a friend to pay you the money I have so unjustly made free with; but should it meet your approbation to continue me in your employ, depend it shall be my constant study to give you general satisfaction. I should be happy to pay you ten shillings per week, and should you be pleased to advance my salary, I will then pay you more; other-ways than this I have no means whatever, I wish to God I had.
I remain yours very respectfully,
W. KIRBY.
11, Gray place.
To Mr. Fearman.
5, LUMBER-COURT, SEVEN DIALS.
To 
               
                  Charles 
                  Gaines
               



            , Esq.
HONOURED SIR, - I most humbly beg to solicit your kindness towards me, respecting Mr. Fearman's business, if you will prevail on Mr. F. to withhold the warrant for one month, I shall say you are the preserver of my life, and it will enable me to repay that that I have so unjustly made free with. My proposals are as follows: in the first month (or at least the expiration of) I will give Mr. Fearman from five to ten pounds, and then I will give him half a guinea per week until the whole is paid or my own bills for the account. I beg to observe that I do not limit myself exactly to the above sums as probably I can pay more, but depend on it, I declare most solemnly that I will pay the above, should it meet Mr. Fearman's kind approbation. I must beg pardon for not giving a correct statement of the accounts at first, but I hope you will make some allowance for the state my mind was in at the time.
Sir, I remain yours most respectfully,
Sunday, August 26, 1820.
W. KIRBY.
MR. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  STODHART
               



            . I am a bookseller, and live in the Strand - the prisoner gave me this receipt on my paying him the account due to Mr. Fearman. I gave him a check on Messrs. Lubbocks for 6 l. 10 s. 1 d. on account of Mr. Fearman, the check was returned as paid by my bankers. I have burnt it.
Q. I suppose you have no account of it on your duplicate check - A. I have not looked for it. I keep short accounts of checks. I never saw Mr. Coakley to my knowledge. I never heard his name before - nobody ever called to tell me not to pay Mr. Fearman, nor was any notice left with me.


                  JAMES 
                  BEVAN
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Lubbocks. I turned to Mr. Stodhart's account, and found, on the 16th of October, 1819, an entry of a draft for 6 l. 10 s. 1 d. paid in the name of Kirby. I gave him six 1 l. notes, 10 s. 1 d. that is the entry.
Cross-examined. Q. You have no recollection of the person who received it - A. Not the smallest - Kirby is the name the person gave. I made the entry myself.
Prisoner's Defence. I beg to say I particularly wished Mr. Fearman to bring all his books, and sent him a letterto that effect, telling him they were necessary to establish my innocence, particularly a red book which he well knows that he burnt before me, with an intent to defraud his partner, and laughed at the idea of it; also a green book in which I entered money I received. I frequently collected perhaps 29 l. in a day, and laid out 25 l. All the money in the concern was Mr. Coakley's. I kept the business together - I wanted 100 l. a year, he gave me 30 s. a week. I was to be advanced as business increased, but I never had that honour, though I made his business to exceed 1000 l. a year, and was always considered to be Mr. Fearman, and was sent by him to attend the opera, and visited every place of amusement with him, and he promised me part of his business. When I left him I was confined by illness, and I told him I was going to live with Mr. Parkes, in Dean-street, Soho; he knew I lived at this house for six months, and never slept from it - I went out every morning to my business. I was told he had a warrant out against me, but knowing my innocence I never absconded. He frequently met me and turned round to look at me, and why not take me, but no, he had not then proved that inveteracy against me which he is so capable of. When his partner died he knew his friends would enter an action against him for burning the old books and making new ones, and at that time I did not countenance him as I did before, and he did not take me to places of amusement as before. I was appointed arbitrator between him and his partner. I met him one night to investigate the books - he bought a new cash book, and said,
"Now I will do them for all their deepness" - he got me to call over the sums - he entered the large ones in the new book, and left out the small ones, then burnt the book. His poor partner was in a dreadful state of mind and came to the shop - he told him the concern was going to the devil, and the business was worth nothing, when it was worth 1000 l. He frequently told me to turn him out of the shop. When he came to enquire when his partner died, and he found I would not countenance him, he charged me with embezzlement. I trust the Court will see this is as great a conspiracy as was ever heard of. I declare my innocence.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GAUNT
               



            . I am a surgeon, and live in Grafton-street, East, Fitzroy-square. I knew the prisoner about the latter end of 1820. He was confined for some months, being lame - he lived in Gray-street, Manchester-square. I visited him from March to June, and saw him many times after at my house; he was about in our part of the town. When he left Mr. Fearman, he lived in Dean-street, Soho. I never saw him in Grey-street, after he left.
MR. FEARMAN. I have heard the prisoner's defence, on my solemn oath, there is no truth in it. I never burnt any books, there are the books from the beginning of the concern.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
