





572. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BRANSGROVE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, 100 lbs. of lead, value 10 s. belonging to the 
                     
Duke
 of Northumberland
                     



                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am a labourer, at Isleworth


, I know the Duke of Northumberland's. On the morning of the 24th of November, I was at work in a garden, in Wheatley-lane, about eight o'clock. I saw the prisoner and another man come down the lane, with each a sack on his shoulder, which appeared very heavy. I watched the prisoner to the corner of the lane, he put his bag down and looked about - then took it up, and both went together towards Brentford. I followed them and sent for assistance - he stopped to rest. I followed them to Iseleworth Park - when they saw me following them, they took towards Isleworth they saw me - then threw down the bag and ran away. I did not see him again till he was taken up. I am sure the prisoner is one of the men. I knew him before. I followed them to the lodge - Neal came out and overtook the other man who has been convicted. I did not see the prisoner again till about a fortnight ago, when I took him myself, at Mr. Hunt's, a chimney-sweeper's, at Brentford. When I went to enquire for him he was denied - I found him in a bed-room. I left the bags with Winkworth.


                  JOHN 
                  BOUGHTON
               



            . I went in pursuit of the men. I can not swear the prisoner is one of them. I found the lead and remained with it till the constable took it. I saw it fitted to the Duke's observatory staircase - it fitted exactly, and was quite fresh cut; there was 107 lbs. in the two bags.


                  JOHN 
                  WENKWORTH
               



            . I am carpenter to the Duke of Northumberland. On this morning I was going home to my breakfast, about half-past eight o'clock, and met two men in the lane heavily laden, with each a bag. I will not swear the prisoner is one of them. When they came opposite me, they threw the bags down, and ran away, one was secured, and the other escaped. I fitted the lead to the staircase - it fitted the edge and was quite fresh cut - it was stolen from those premises. It is worth about 25 s. per cwt. and would take much more to repair it.



                  JOHN 
                  DENYER
               



            . I am a constable, I produce the lead which I compared.


                  RICHARD 
                  NEALE
               



            . I am steward to the Duke - the observatory is in the parish of Isleworth.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent. I was going along with Reece, he said he would pay me if I carried the bag for him, I said I would - we went up Quaker's-lane - I put it down by the wall and waited for him - then took it up; they called out Stop thief, I threw it down and ran away, being frightened.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
