





1823. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of August
, 1 brass cock, value 1s.; 1 saucepan. value 9d., and 1 pewter pot, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Aves
                     



                  ; 1 brass cock, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Neasmith
                     



                  ; 1 pewter pot, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        William
                        
                        Cash
                     



                  ; and 1 bundle of rope-yarn, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Elam
               



            .


                  MARY 
                  AVES
               



            . I live in Bateman's-row


, When I went to bed on the 1st of August, the water-cock, and saucepan, and other things were all safe in the yard; next morning they were all gone.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ELIZABETH 
                  NEASMITH
               



            . I am the wife of John Neasmith. On the morning of the 2d of August we missed the water-cock from our premises, at No. 23, Bateman's-row.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CASH
               



            . I am a publican. I sent this pint pot to Mr. Elam's house on the night of the 1st of August; I know it by my name on it.


                  ROBERT 
                  ELAM
               



            . On the evening of the 1st of August I had this pint pot from Mr. Cash; it was in our ropeground under a shed, and in the morning it was gone, and a bundle of rope, which was about a yard from it.


                  JOHN 
                  PEACOCK
               



            . I am a watchman. On Saturday morning, the 2d of August, between three and four o'clock, I stopped the prisoner with these articles in a bag; I have compared them to the places, they fit exactly.


                  JAMES 
                  HILL
               



            . On the morning of the 2d of August, the prisoner was brought to the watch-house, with a bag, containing all these things; he gave no account of them - I have compared these cocks with the branch-pipe; they fit exactly.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going down Shoreditch, a young man was going along with these things; he said he felt very ill, and asked me to carry them for him - the watchman came and took me; he ran away.


                  JOHN 
                  PEACOCK
               



            . There were two together, the prisoner and another, with this bag; I asked what it was - they said, "soot;" I felt it, and it was not - they then said it was soot and cinders, and if I would go home with them I should see it sifted; as we were going along the other ran away, and I seized the prisoner with the sack.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
