






670. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILDEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, 2 caps, value 10s., and 1 pellerine, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary Ann 
                     Clark
                  




               
            .


                  SUSAN 
                  BOWYER
               



            . Miss 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Clark
               



             was visiting at my master's, Mr. Child, Grove-lodge, Clapham. These caps are hers - I saw them in her possession on the 9th of February, about an hour before they were taken; they were in a hand-box, and were to go to Tottenham, with the young ladies.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ORTON
               



            . I am footman to Mr. Child. On the 9th of February Miss Clark was in the four-wheel chaise, and I drove her to Fitzroy-square - the hand-box was in the hind part of the chaise; I saw it there when the ladies got out, between two and three o'clock: the box was stolen in Tottenham-court-road


; when I got to the liverystable I missed it - I went in pursuit, and found the officer with the prisoner Clark and the box.
Prisoner WILDEY. I met this young man, and told him a man had gone up the court with it. Witness. I did ask some person about it, and he sent me up the court; I cannot be certain that it was not him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TREVERSH
               



            . I am a carrier. I was going home with my cart, between two and three o'clock, and saw the prisoners in Tottenham-court-road; one had the hand-box, and the other was walking by his side - they went together down a gateway, and I told Orton; they were close to the chaise when I saw them with the box- another genteel dressed man was with them - I cannot say which one had the box.


                  JAMES 
                  BOND
               



            . I was near the top of Tottenham-court-road, and saw the two prisoners together; Clark was carrying this band-box - I suspected it did not belong to them, and followed them: I said, "Tossy, what have you got here?" he dropped the box, and ran off; I followed' and took him - Wildey got away, and was out of the way for about a week.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAIG
               



            . I am an officer. I took Wildey in Fitzroy-market, on the 13th; he denied the charge - I only found a key and a knife upon him.
WILDEY'S Defence. I had just come from dinner, and met Clark; I saw this young man, and told him I had seen the man with a box.
CLARK'S Defence. I was very tipsy; a genteel man came and asked me to carry the box, and he would give me sixpence - I took it, and the man ran away.
WILDEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Confined Three Months
            , and 




               Whipped
            .
