








1431. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     MILLS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CAROLINE 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of October

, a purse, value 6 d., and five sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Abel
                        



                     
                  , from his person
            ; and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     HAYNES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     COLLINS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, harbouring, and maintaining the said prisoners, well knowing them to have committed the felony aforesaid
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  ABEL
               



            . I live at No. 7, Powell's-place, City-road, and am a woollen-draper
. On the 10th of October I had my purse, containing nine sovereigns, in my watch fob. Between eight and nine o'clock in the evening I met the girls Mills and Williams in Brydges-street, near Drury-lane. They asked me to treat them with something. I said,
"Yes, my girls, what will you take?" They said they would have some apples. I treated them with some at a stall. I asked them if they would have any gin, and I went with them to have it at the corner of White Hart-yard. I went to a house in Eagle-court, White Hart-yard



, with them, in the first pair back room. They both went in with me. In three or four minutes I pulled out a crown, and Mills snatched it from me. I did not then take out my purse. I said,
"Why do you act in that way? Do you suppose that I have no more money?" and pulled out my purse at the time. I was rather fresh. She did not return the crown-piece. Williams snatched the purse from me. I then remonstrated with her, and while I was making a piece of work about it, the servant (Collins) came up stairs, and demanded 2 s. for the room. I told her what had happened, the girls then run down stairs. I attempted to follow them, but was prevented by Collins' laying hold of the collar of my coat; she stopped me on the landing of the stairs. I got from her in about a minute. When I got to the door, the two girls were out of sight. I called out, Stop the two girls! When I got to the bottomof the stairs, Haynes threw me on the stairs. He got his hand in my neckcloth, and attempted to throttle me. I struggled with him for a quarter of an hour. Some boys, seeing us struggling, gave information to the Police, and the officers came to my assistance, and Haynes was taken into custody. They searched the house, and found the two girls hid in the cellar. Collins was not taken at that time. I have not seen the purse since, but I hear it is found.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Do you rent a house - A. Yes. I have a lodger, and a wife and child. This happened between eight and nine o'clock in the evening. I went for the purpose of prostitution, no doubt. I made the excuse for not paying, because the other girls had robbed me. I was going after them when Collins stopped me. She was not in the room when the purse and crown was produced. It was my intention to give 
               Mills
             the crown, but she took it first.


                  BARNARD 
                  MACK
               



            . I am a builder. I was passing by at this time, and heard two men struggling on the stairs. I saw it was Haynes and Mr. Abel; the door was open; Abel was down, and appeared rather tipsey; Haynes had hold of him by the neckcloth, and held him down; I heard the prosecutor say he had been robbed of a 10 l. note; I did not hear him say anything else. They pulled each other down stairs. They were up five or six steps when I first saw them - the door was then shut. I stopped in the court until the constables came. I am quite sure the prosecutor said he was robbed of a 10 l. note. I did not tell the Justice so, because I was not asked the question.


                  JOHN 
                  PASK
               



            . I am beadle. I went to this house a little after nine o'clock, in consequence of information. I found the prosecutor sitting in a chair in the parlour. Haynes was sitting near the fireplace. The prosecutor was in liquor, but was aware of what was going on at the time. He said he had been robbed of a purse and eight or nine sovereigns, and that he had been ill-treated by Haynes, and shewed me marks on his neck as if of knuckles and nails; blood also appeared. He said Haynes did it, which he did not deny. Haynes is not the keeper of the house. Abel described the two girls; I had seen them before. During the time I was there, two officers came to my assistance. I saw the two girls brought up out of the cellar. Collins was afterwards brought up. Abel did not make an accusation against Collins until he got to the watch-house.


                  ANTHONY 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street. In consequence of information I went to this house. Abel said he had been robbed of eight or nine sovereigns and a purse. I asked him if he should know the girls? - he replied that he should. The women quite corresponded with his representation. He charged Haynes with using him very ill, but did not say in what way. I did not look at his neck; his clothes were dirty, and his neckcloth turned round. I went into the cellar and found the two girls. We brought Mills and Williams up stairs, and the prosecutor said they were the girls that had robbed him. - Saunders found a dollar on Mills. They both denied it; Mills did not say how she came by the dollar. Collins was afterwards found by Saunders in the dust-hole. Abel made no charge against her at that time. He said she had very ill used him, and she ought to be taken up. I afterwards went and took her into custody.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. The prosecutor was some time before he made a charge against Collins - A. Yes, some minutes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TRIPP
               



            . I was standing in Catherine-street, and went to the house to know the cause of the row. I was there before the officers, and saw Haynes and Abel struggling on the stairs. I heard Abel say he would be d - d if he would go out, as he had lost a 10 l. note. I am sure he said
"note." I saw Haynes lead Abel by the collar into the parlour; I remained at the door, but did not go into the house, and saw the officers come.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. Haynes sat by the fire with a child on his knee, when I went into the house; Abel stood by the fire. He said he had lost a purse containing eight or nine sovereigns - it was made of chocolate print, in the shape of a bag - that the prisoner Haynes had stopped him from running after the girls. Haynes said he would not tell us why he treated him so; he said they had been scuffling together, and asked him if he belonged to the house? he said
"No." Another person came in and said he belonged to it. I found Williams first in the cellar; they were part of the way up stairs. The two girls answered Mr. Abel's description. I found Collins afterwards. I asked her what she did there? she said she was frightened. I searched the cellar, but did not find the property, and only found a dollar on Mills, which she said Abel had given her. Abel said that she took out his purse, and held it up to let them know that he had more money, and would not act dishonourable. I found about 7 s. on Mr. Abel, and a cheque for 10 l. or 12 l. in his pocket-book.
HAYNES's Defence. The landlord of this house is a relation of mine, and keeps one of my children - I went there to see it - there was a scuffle between me and the prosecutor, but I did not assault him.
MILLS's Defence. I received 5 s. from him, but know nothing of the purse.
WILLIAMS's Defence. I was in the room with him and Mills, but positively deny robbing him.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
MILLS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Confined One Year
            .
HAYNES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Confined One Year
            , and 



               Publicly Whipped
            .
COLLINS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
