






1484. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  GIBBS
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLMES
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of June
, 12 lbs. weight of horse-hair, value 10s., and 1 sack, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  White
               




            .
THOMAS WHITE. I am a licensed horse-slaughterer
, and live in Sharpes-alley, Cow-cross


; the prisoners have both worked for me occasionally; I have a great deal of horsehair on my premises. On the 3d of June I saw it all safe, locked up in a box, and on the 4th the box was found broken open, and the horse-hair all gone; there was about 30 lbs. of hair - I lost a sack from the same room; I went to the horse-hair manufactory, and found it in the sack, tied up in Gibbs' apron - Gibbs was at that time out of employ; I have no doubt whatever of its being my horse-hair, from its appearance - I know the sack, and I know Gibbs' apron- one person could have taken it.


                  EASTER 
                  BIRD
               



            . I work at the horse-hair manufactory. Holmes brought this horse-hair a little after eight o'clock, on the 4th of June; there was no one in the way to pay for it; I told him to leave it, and call in an hour; I weighed it, and there were 17 lbs. with the bag; he left it, and in about half an hour Mr. White came, and asked if any had been brought; I said Yes; he saw it in the scale just as it had been left - it had not been opened.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATSON
               



            . I was standing at the door of the Castle public-house, on the night of the 3d of June, at halfpast ten o'clock; I heard Gibbs say to Holmes, "Will you go now? he said, "Not yet," and then by-and-by I heard Holmes say, "We will go and do it now," and they walked away together - that was about one hundred yards from Mr. White's.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer. I took Holmes on the 13th of June; he had a hearing, and said Gibbs gave it to him; he was discharged, and taken again.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I took the two prisoner together in Smithfield market, on Friday week.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I went with Mr. White to take Gibbs, but as he could not swear to him, we let him go; this is the apron, sack, and horse-hair; I know Gibbs used to wear an apron - I took him again, and he said it was not his, but I believe it is.
GIBBS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
HOLMES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
