






756. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  PARTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of March

, two yards of kerseymere, value 18 s.
            ,the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Maire
               



            ; and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  RILEY
               




             was indicted for feloniously 


               receiving the same, well knowing it same to have been stolen
            .
THOMAS MAIRE. I am a tailor
, and live in Fountain-court



, Strand - the prisoner Parton was my errand-boy
. - On the Wednesday before the 1st of March I missed something from my shop, but had no suspicion of him - in consequence of some information, I went to Riley's house, in Clement's-lane, with a search-warrant, on the 1st of March, and found two yards of kerseymere, which I did not then know I had lost, but it was my property - Riley gave no account of it, but said he did not know Parton; I told Parton it was my kerseymere, and he must have taken it from me; he voluntarily said he had, and had sold it for 1 s. 6 d. on the Saturday before, at Riley's, who sells sweatmeats. When I went there with the officer he denied knowing the boy, or having any property of mine, or any other persons in his possession. I found nothing but the kerseymere that I could swear to. It was under some things on the tester of a bed. I fetched Parton, who told Riley, in my presence, that he had sold him the kerseymere, for 1 s. 6 d., on the Saturday before; Riley denied it altogether, but gave no account of how he became possessed of it.


                  RICHARD 
                  HARTLEY WALL
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street. I went with the prosecutor to Riley's, and found these articles under a parcel of rubbish on the top of a bed - Riley was not at home, but he came in, and I read my warrant; he denied having the property, or knowing the boy. Mr. Maire told me to stop five minutes, and fetched Parton, who said,
"That is what I sold him for 1 s. 6 d. on Saturday last."
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What did you say to him? A. I only read my warrant, and said I was come to search his house - I did not say any thing more till Mr. Maire fetched the boy; Riley then denied knowing him, or having any kerseymere in his house.
THOMAS MAIRE. I know it by a pattern, which is marked on it, to cut out a pair of trowsers, but it would not do.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know any thing of Riley? A. No. I saw the property found on the top of the tester.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
PARTON'S Defence. Two or three days before I was going to Mr. Bousfield's, with a pattern in my hand - I was standing by this man, and he asked me what I had got there; I said a pattern of cloth; he gave me some sweet meats, and asked me if I could bring him some. I took him this, and he gave me 1 s. 6 d. for it.
Six witnesses gave Riley an excellent character.
PARTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.





               Whipped
             and Discharged.
RILEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
