





1193. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WIGGINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of July
, a handkerchief, value 2 s. 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Luck
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Martha 
                           Luck
                        



.


                  MARTHA 
                  LUCK
               



            , a child, twelve years of age, not appearing to understand the nature of an oath, was not examined.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  LUCK
               



            . I am father of 
               
                  Martha 
                  Luck
               



            , and live in Charlotte-mews, Bloomsbury. I know nothing of this circumstance.


                  DANIEL 
                  HONE
               



            . I am headborough of St. Giles's. On the 29th of July, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I heard the cry of Stop thief! in Castle-street, opposite my own door - I immediately looked out, and saw the prisoner running with a handkerchief in his hand; he ran about thirty yards, then threw it down, and the little girl ran to pick it up. I saw the prisoner stopped, and only lost sight of him as he turned the corner - he was the only person running. I brought him back to where the girl had picked the handkerchief up. She said in his presence that she had it loose round her neck, with her hand on it, and he took it off - he said he picked it up.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in Museum-street, and saw it on the ground; I picked it up, and heard the cry of Stop thief! dropped it, and ran to see where the thief was.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
