







1944. 
               
                  ELLEN 
                  SMITH
               




            , 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     READ
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     NEWMAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of September
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-chain, value 4l.; 2 seals, value 2l., and 1 watch-key, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Noad
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  STEPHEN 
                  NOAD
               



            . I live in Charles-street, Hatton-garden, and am a working silversmith
. On the 25th of September I was coming up Peter-street, Saffron-hill


 - the three prisoners were walking together; Smith ran up, took me round the neck, and took my watch; I said,"You have got my watch," and caught hold of ber - she threw up her arms - I caught her round the waist and held her; the others tried to get her from me; I do not know what became of the watch - they were all very near together; it was a narrow street - they were walking in the middle of the road when I first saw them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. This was in day-light? A. Yes; about half-past five o'clock.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.Where were the three prisoners walking? A.In the middle of the street - I was on the right-hand side of the way; I do not know what Newman did, he was gone in a minute -I do not know how the watch went; Smith flung her hands round.


                  JOHN 
                  WICKENDEN
               



            . I was in Peter-street, and saw the three prisoners and another man with them; Smith went up to the prosecutor - I did not see her take the watch, but I saw it in her possession; the prosecutor laid hold of her - Read then went up and said, "What is the matter?" Read took the watch from Smith and passed it behind her - Newman took it and passed it to the other man, who ran away with it; the case of the watch was picked up, but I do not know by whom; I got rid of my child, who was in my arms, and assisted to keep the two women till the officer came.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long was it before Newman was taken? A. I believe four days; I had seen him before, but had not spoken to him; I am not mistaken in his person - I did not hear the prosecutor swear he was not the man; there was a witness who said so at first, but he afterwards said he was; I could not take hold of him at the time because I had a child in my hand; the man who received the watch from Newman ran away; Newman stopped perhaps ten minutes, and told the woman to cut away into the passage and not stop there - he then went away; I had never spoken to him; I am a labourer at Mr. Cox's, in Shoe-lane - I had been to my tea and stopped rather over my time; I do not recollect two witnesses saying Newman was not the man.


                  PETER 
                  COUTURE
               



            . I am a printer, and live in King's Head-court. I was not in Peter-street when the watch was lost; when I came up I saw Smith and the prosecutor scuffling - in a few minutes Read came up and received the watch from Smith; I did not see it pass into any other person's hands except a young man who ran away, calling out that he was an officer, which prevented the people from taking him; I saw Newman on the spot, but did not see him have any concern with the watch - it was said at the watch-house that he was in the scuffle in the passage, but I did not see that.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.How near were you to the woman when you saw the watch go? A. About four yards; I saw it go - Read took it from Smith when she went to rescue her, and passed it to a young man behind; it appeared to me to be a silver watch.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.You saw it pass to some person who ran away? A. Yes; he put it into his right-hand pocket - that was not Newman; I never told the last witness I had changed my mind and that it was; Newman was on the spot - there was a struggle between the prosecutor and the woman, before the man who ran away received the watch; to the best of my knowledge Newman took no part in it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a grocer. I heard a young woman scream and went to my door; I saw the prosecutor and Smith struggling - he said, "This girl has got my watch and gold chain;" I said, "She shall not go till we get assistance;" we got on to No.13 - he pushed the girls into the passage; Newman and another man came in to try to rescue them - I left them in the passage, and went to Hatton-garden, but before I got back the parish officer had taken these women.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you tell the Magistrate that Newman endeavoured to rescue the girls? A. Yes; the prosecutor was only struggling with one girl at first; I did not see the watch taken - I only went when I heard a scream.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            . I went and took the two women; I got this watch-case from the prosecutor.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I am an officer. I took Newman on the 29th in Holborn, in consequence of information; he denied having been in company with the women.
MR. CLARKSON to 
               
                  STEPHEN 
                  NOAD
               



            . Q. Did not you tell the Magistrate that Smith took the watch and gave it to Read, and she to a man who ran away? A. I said she flung her arms round, and some one took it, but I could not tell who; I saw Newman examined twice - the women were brought up first, and then twice afterwards; I was not told that one of the witnesses said Newman was not the man.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
READ - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
NEWMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.






               Transported for Life
            .
