





2144. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  CARR
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October
, 1 necklace, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Wildash
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Sarah Susannah 
                        Wildash
                     



                  , Spinster

.
GEORGE WILDASH. My daughter, Sarah Susannah Wildash, is seventeen months old: on the 12th of October, while I was at dinner, I ordered my servant to take her out; she then had a necklace round her neck - the servant returned in about eight minutes, and asked for me; I ran down stairs, and she said, "Sir, here is a boy who has stolen the necklace;" I went out, and saw a person holding the prisoner by the collar - I gave him in charge.


                  ELEANOR 
                  STRANGE
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. I took out the child on the 12th - the prisoner was standing behind us; he put his hand up to the baby's neck; she turned round, and said, Ah! I should not have noticed the prisoner, if the child had not turned round; I missed the necklace, and caught hold of the prisoner - I held him about three minutes, and he dropped the necklace from the bottom of his trousers; I knew they were the child's - I held him; he begged of me to let him go - he then threw off his shoe, and asked me to let him go, and put it on, but I kept him till the witness came and took him - there were several other persons near us, but not so near as the prisoner; he was close to us.


                  EBENEZER 
                  WILSON
               



            . I went up and took the prisoner from Strange - he was struggling with her, and just getting from her, when I took him.


                  JAMES 
                  HOWES
               



            . I was at my door, and heard a scuffle; the girl said the boy had robbed the child of the beads - I took hold of him, and she went for her master; the prisoner begged me to let him go, or he should lose his place - he said a boy gave them him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. There was a man in liquor, and I was looking at him - that young woman missed the beads; she laid hold of me - she looked round, saw them, and said I shook them down my trousers; I used to work at the Bell and Crown inn Holborn.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Life
            .
