





2025. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARRISON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of September
, 2 sovereigns, and 14 farthings
            , the monies of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Maynard
               




            .
THOMAS MAYNARD. I am a sawyer
, and live in the City-road


. On one Sunday night in September, (I am not exactly sure as to the day) I put six sovereigns and a half into my box - on the Thursday I took out the half-sovereign, but did not notice whether the others were safe- on the Friday I missed two sovereigns out of the six, and a great many farthings; I took one sovereign and thirteen farthings from the prisoner - my landlady sent for the watchman, and he found one farthing on him.


                  RICHARD 
                  REED
               



            . I am a coal porter - the prisoner and prosecutor lodged at my house, and slept in the same bed. On the last Friday in September, I was sitting down stairs, and heard the prosecutor's box unlock - I ran up stairs, and saw the prisoner sitting on it; I went down and told my wife - I then went and accused the prisoner of the robbery - I said, "What money have you of your own?" he said 1 1/2d. - we took thirteen farthings and one sovereign from him.


                  MARY 
                  LASSITER
               



            . I looked through the key-hole, and saw the prisoner take a key from his pocket and unlock the box; I did not see him take any thing out.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I took the prisoner. I found on him one farthing, a knife, and a tobacco-box.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am a watch-house keeper. I received the prisoner, but found nothing on him; he seemed a good deal intoxicated.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
