






1976. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  RUSSELL
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  KING
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of September
, 1 silver watch, value 5l.; 3 gold seals, value 6l., and 1 gold key, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Howard
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMEE
               



            . I am a constable. On the 15th of September, about a quarter past six o'clock in the evening, I was sent for by Mr. Carr, of Banner-street, to remove the prosecutor and a friend of his, who were rather refractory; Howard was perfectly sober, but his friend had been drinking; I got them into the street, but Howard's friend did not like to go to the watch-house, and was rather troublesome; as we were going down to the watch-house, in Bunhill-row, the prisoner Russell came suddenly in front of us - he put his head against the prosecutor, and drew something from his fob; he put both his hands behind him, as if to give it to some one; the prosecutor called out, "I am robbed of my watch;" I collared Russell, and took him to the watch-house.
Cross-examined by MR. ROBERTS. Q. What! do you mean to say he drew the watch? A. I mean to say he drew something; the prosecutor was perfectly sensible, and had assisted me in taking his friend to the watch-house, who was a little refractory; I had never seen either of the prisoners before; I did not see the watch in Russell's hands - I had seen the seals hanging out before, and suspected he had taken the watch; the prosecutor's friend was close by, and he took the other prisoner - I am positive it was not the friend who put his head against the prosecutor - it was Russell. The watch was found on the ground, between the two prisoners.


                  GEORGE 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I live with a relation. I happened to be there, and saw the people at a distance from me - I had before that seen the two prisoners in company; I think they came out of the Rose and Crown public-house, but I did not see them come out. When I got up to this party I saw Nelson making some little altercation, about not wishing to go to the watch-house. The prosecutor said,"I have lost my watch" - I saw the watch being passed from Russell to King - it dropped between them, but which had hold of it I cannot say; it was in the act of being passed; King was in the act of receiving it, when he was seized by the collar by the prosecutor - they then scuffled across the road, and some people said, "Let him go - a baker has got your watch;" King them got away, and ran down Chequr-alley; I ran after him, and some other persons - he went into the Salmon and Ball public-house, into the privy, and shut the door; the prosecutor's friend came up, forced open the door, and found him behind it; there was an old woman in the privy.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to say the prosecutor laid hold of King? A. Yes; Smee was then gone with Russell to the watch-house; I did not see the watch in Russell's hand, but I saw it passing - it was quite daylight.


                  CHARLES 
                  FRANKLIN
               



            . I am a labourer. I saw the prosecutor and his friend with Smee; I saw Russell put his hand behind him, to drop the watch. I did not see King till the prosecutor had hold of him; the people who were round said he had nothing to do with it - he got away from the prosecutor, and ran down Chequer-alley; I was one who followed him.


                  HENRY 
                  PINDARD
               



            . I was in Bunhill-row, and saw Russell put his hands behind him, and drop the watch - King put his hand out to receive it, but it dropped.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I am a gentleman. Myself and Mr. Nelson were at this public-house, and he was rather out of humour; the officer was sent for, who took us into the street; I was perfectly sober, and had my watch. - When we got into Bunhill-row I felt my watch taken from me; somebody put his head into my breast, but I cannot say who, and my hands were held up. I collared King, but by the persuasion of the mob I let him go - he was pursued, and retaken; I called out that I had lost my watch - it was found in the possession of a baker.

Crossexamined. Q. Then they did not rob you? A. No - the constable had hold of Russell.


                  JOSEPH 
                  NELSON
               



            . I was rather out of humour, being a little in liquor. I heard Mr. Howard say he had lost his watch; I saw King run away; I pursued, and found him in a privy; I had lost sight of him, because I fell down in running.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOD
               



            . I am a baker, and live with Mr. Fisher, in Bunhill-row. I was at tea, and went out, hearing this noise - I saw a crowd, and heard a gentleman say, "I have lost my watch." I saw Russell drop the watch; I took it up, and gave it to the officer at the watch-house.(Property produced and sworn to.)
RUSSELL'S Defence. I was attracted by the crowd, and immediately I got up Smee laid hold of me, saying I had taken something from Mr. Howard's pocket, but I am innocent.
KING'S Defence. I was going up Bunhill-row, and had occasion to go to the privy; some persons came and took me; I was going in another direction, and met the other prisoner, but I did not know him.
RUSSELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.
KING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.





               Transported for Life
            .
