





947. 
               
                  PETER 
                  TARNEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, a pelisse, value 12 s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Briscoe
                     



                  , from the person of Frances, his wife
            .


                  FRANCES 
                  BRISCOE
               



            . I am the wife of William Briscoe, a warehouseman
 - we live in Thames-street. On the 15th of April, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I was going down King-street, Old-street-road


, with my pelisse in a bundle under my arm; the prisoner came up, and took hold of it with his right hand, but did not get it the first time; he pulled a second time, got it from me, and ran towards Hoxton-square; I cried as loud as I could, and pursued him; there was a good light - I saw his face when he took the bundle, and am certain he is the person - he was taken in five minutes.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Was any body with him? A. I did not see any person but him. I was in a little confusion, but I am quite certain of his person. I was in the square when he was taken, with the property in his hand.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I heard the cry of Stop thief! as I was passing through Hoxton-square; I saw a number of persons going round one side of the square; I went round on the opposite side, and met the prisoner with a bundle before him, running; I collared him: he said, "Let me go, or I'll knife you;" he made very great resistance. I held him till another person came up, who picked up the bundle, which he had dropped.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see it in his hand? A. Yes; when I collared him he had it in his hand.


                  JOHN 
                  GRAY
               



            . I was two or three yards from the spot - the prisoner passed me with the bundle, and ran into Hoxton square; he turned to the West side of the square - I knew there was no way out there, so I turned to the East side, and met him; I saw him in the possession of Smith. I picked the bundle up, and gave it to the officer.



                  BENJAMIN 
                  ABEL
               



            . I am an officer. The pelisse was given to me by Gray.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I heard the cry of Stop thief! I ran, and a man near me took me; I said it was not me, and begged him to let me go; he said he would not, it should be a lifer for me; I do not know what he meant.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
