





369. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  MOSELEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of January
, 1 petticoat, value 2s. 6d.; 1 purse, value 6d., and 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Simmons
               




            , her master.
JOHN SIMMONS. I am a paper-hanger
, and live in Guildford-place, Spa-fields


. The prisoner lived with me, and on the 3d of January she left, after lighting the fire - she had received her wages on the 31st of December; these articles were on a table at twelve o'clock the night before - I and my wife had been out, and when we came home she took off her cap and gloves, and left them on the table - in the morning they were gone - we missed the prisoner and property when I came down to breakfast.


                  HARRIET 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. On the 2d of January I came home late, and left my things on the table - next morning the prisoner went away - my petticoat hung in the room - my purse was taken from my work-box; I took her without a character - she was only a fortnight with me - I hired her by the week.


                  FREDERICK 
                  CHESTERMAN
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Barker, a pawnbroker. I produce this petticoat, which was pawned by the prisoner, on the 4th of January.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DODD
               



            . I am a patrol. The prisoner was brought to Bow-street, on Saturday, the 5th - I found three duplicates on her - one for the petticoat, and another for the cap - these gloves and purse were found on her - she gave no account of them.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I beg for mercy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
