





1909. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  TEWKES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of September
, 8 pairs of scissars, value 6s., and 16 knives, value 12s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Smith
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOULDING
               



            . I am an apprentice to John Smith, a cutler
, who lives in Clerkenwell


. On Saturday, the 30th of September, Bryan came into my master's shop about half-past two o'clock, and the prisoner came in soon afterwards - I went up-stairs, and when I came down, they were talking together; my mistress was in the shop, and I went down-stairs to get some born-tips, which Bryan asked for, and when I came up, I saw the prisoner going out.


                  MARY 
                  ANN SMITH
               



            . I was coming down-stairs when the prisoner was going into the street - Bryan remained in the shop, and I talked to him about five minutes; he then went away - and I missed two papers of penknives, which I had seen about half-past twelve o'clock - my husband and I went to look for the prisoner and his companion; we saw them in less than twenty minutes in Aylesbury-street; I crossed over and taxed them with it - Bryan ran away, and my husband took the prisoner; we found on him a paper which is marked, and two knives.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHN HEARRING
               



            . I took the prisoner from Mr. Smith, and found these knives on him.
Prisoner. Q. He was not there at all? A. Yes, I was.


                  GEORGE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I took Bryan, and found some knives which he dropped, and a basket - I knew nothing of the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Those two knives I got of Bryan, at a public-house, in Aylesbury-street - he asked me if I knew where he could sell such things; I was going to take him to a man who would buy them, and I was stopped by Mr. and Mrs. Smith.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
