





771. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of May
, one handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Wigley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WIGLEY
               



            . I am a warehouseman
, and live in Cateaton-street. On the 20th of May, about five o'clockI was coming over Blackfriars Bridge


, I felt something leaving my pocket, I put my hand down and missed my handkerchief, turned round and saw the prisoner with two others - the prisoner had the handkerchief; I seized him immediately, and Mr. Gates took it from him.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  GATES
               



            . I was with Mr. Wigley. I am a solicitor. There was a crowd of people looking at a sheep which had fallen down, and as we passed about the centre of the crowd, Mr. Wigley called to me - he seized the prisoner and said,
"You have my pocket handkerchief." The prisoner had two handkerchiefs in his hand which I took from him, and one of them Mr. Wigley claimed. There were two or three others in the crowd; I saw one run off.


                  GEORGE 
                  CAINES
               



            . I am a furrier, and live at Bermondsey. I was looking at the sheep and saw the prisoner's hand in Mr. Wigley's pocket. He was given in charge.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a constable. I was called; I went towards the prisoner, and Mr. Wigley gave him in my charge. There was a crowd collected, as a cart had run over a sheep.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I pulled out my handkerchief to use it; was walking with it in my hand, and somebody threw a blue handkerchief on my shoulder.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
