







1799. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  COLLINS
               




            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MURPHY
               




            , and 
               
                  DENNIS 
                  MURPHY
               



            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, 164lbs. weight of lead, value 16s.
            , the goods of our Lord 
               
the King



            .
SECOND COUNT, calling it the goods of 
               
                  Benjamin Charles 
                  Stevenson
               



            .
THIRD COUNT, stating it to be the goods of the Right Honorable


                  William Sturges 
                  Bourne
               



            , 
               
                  William Dakers 
                  Adams
               



            , Esq.
, and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Dawkins
               



            , Esq.


MR. BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OXLEY
               



            . I am a constable of St. Martin in the Fields. On the morning of the 27th of July, in consequence of information, I went to Scotland-yard


, at five o'clock, with Lemon - I saw the three prisoners digging there; no other person was near them - I waited about three quarters of an hour, and saw them take a large piece of pipe out of the earth - open the trap-door of a dung hole, and put it in there; they then took two or three shorter pieces, and put them there - they worked on till eight o'clock. I then saw Collins and William Murphy take it up, chop it into pieces, and put it into a barrow, which Collins wheeled down Parliament-street; William Murphy ran and joined him in Parliament-street (Dennis Murphy remained at work). I followed them to Schofield's, in Dean's-yard - I saw them take the lead out and carry it into the shop; I immediately went in, seized William Murphy, and told Schofield it was stolen goods; here is the lead, it is pieces of large pipes.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. William Murphy and Collins took it away? A. Yes; but Dennis came to the very spot where they were taken, in about ten minutes - eight o'clock is the time they leave work; they were working at the office of the Board of Works, Scotland-Yard.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEMON
               



            . I am an officer. Oxley's account is correct; I saw them take the lead and put it into the dunghole - I followed William Murphy and Collins to Schofield's; Dennis came there afterwards and was taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . I am a plumber and live in Dean's-yard. On the night of the 26th of July, William Murphy came to my house, and asked if I would buy any lead; he said there was some which laid near the surface of the ground, and the people had given it them; I said he might let me see it; next morning William Murphy brought it into my shop - I did not notice Collins near.


                  EDWARD 
                  CROCKER
               



            . I am a labourer in trust, under the Board of Works. I received information, went to this spot, and missed this lead - it is an old service pipe, which came from the mews, and served the reservoir; it is the property of the Crown - I have not compared it, but it ismissing from the place, and this appears to be the same; I suppose it has been down two hundred years, it is worth about 16s.; it is remarkably thick.
COLLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
WILLIAM MURPHY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DENNIS MURPHY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
