





SECOND DAY, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 14.
909. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     PIXLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of July
, one handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of Sir


                           James 
                           Cockburn
                        




                     
                  , Bart.
 from his person
            .
SIR 
               
                  JAMES 
                  COCKBURN
               



            , BART. On the 26th of July, about half-past five o'clock in the afternoon, I was passing over Paddington-green


, to go to my house at Westbourn-green, the prisoner and another man noticed me; I suspected them, and as I came close to the paling of Cochrane's nursery-ground they came up quite close to me, one on each side of me - as the prisoner brushed past me, on my right, I saw him take my handkerchief from my coat-pocket, and put into his right hand jacket-pocket. I observed the corner of it hanging from his pocket; I immediately collared him, charged him with it, and in the struggle he put his hand into his pocket, and threw it away; he then said
"I have not got your handkerchief, the wind blew it from your pocket into the road." I took him to the watch-house, with assistance. He struggled, and the other escaped.


                  ALFRED 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I went to the prosecutor's assistance, and laid hold of the prisoner.


                  DAVID 
                  WALTERS
               



            . The prisoner was given into my charge. I was taking him to the watch-house, he struggled on Paddington-green, and at the corner of James-street, he pulled his hand out of the handcuffs, and a boy endeavoured to rescue him. He was rescued by a vast number. I described him to Sellers, and am sure he is the person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SELLERS
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to bathe with a young man - the prosecutor's handkerchief hung out - I suppose the other took it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
