





Second London Jury - before Mr. Recorder.
1205. 
               
                  
                     BRYAN 
                     KENNEDY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        Horatio Charles Anthony 
                        Hardy
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  HORATIO ANTHONY HARDY
               



            . I live at Stoke Newington. On the 25th of April, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I was walking from Cornhill


 to the East India-house


, and near Angel's, the pastry-cook's shop, I perceived my handkerchief was gone, on feeling for it; I am certain it was safe when I was in the Jerusalem coffee-house; on my return from the India-house, where I hadstaid a very short time - I met Gordon who informed me he had taken up a boy; I found the prisoner in custody at the Mansion-house with my handkerchief, which had my name in full length on it.


                  JAMES 
                  BLAKE
               



             GORDON. I am a cooper and shipowner. I saw Mr. Hardy on his return from the India-house - about twenty minutes before that, I had seen the prisoner and given charge of him to an officer in Cornhill, for taking a handkerchief from a pocket; I took the handkerchief from the prisoner's hand myself, and saw the prosecutor's name on it - I knew him on seeing him; I asked if it was his - the prisoner was in custody with two others; I saw him take the handkerchief from a pocket, but did not know it was the prosecutor then; the other two went away immediately as I laid hold of the prisoner - one of them was older than him.


                  THOMAS 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. On the 25th of April Mr. Gordon delivered this handkerchief to me; he brought the prisoner into the Mansion-house, and charged him with stealing it - he said something about another boy having given it him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I saw it on the ground in Rosemary-lane and took it up.
MR. GORDON. I am sure I saw him take it out of a gentleman's pocket - he was before the other two.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Life
            .
