








129. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of November
, one handkerchief, value 6 s., the goods of a certain 
                     man unknown


                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am an officer. On the 3d of November, about noon, I was in the Strand


, and saw the three prisoners in company, following different gentlemen up the Strand; they attempted two or three pockets, and by Somerset house, they turned back after two gentlemen, as one of their pockets appeared to stick out; the gentlemen had got considerably a-head of them, they all three ran to get up to them, and near Waterloo Bridge, Sullivan put his hand into a gentleman's pocket, and pulled out a handkerchief a little way, and a little lower down, he pulled it a little more; and near the True Briton, newspaper-office, a coach stood there, and he pulled it quite out, and gave it to Collins; Glassborough immediately ran round the coach, and collared Sullivan and Collins, and pulled the handkerchief out of Collin's bosom; I took Wright, and called to the gentleman, whom he had robbed, they immediately turned back; one felt and said he missed his handkerchief - I said he must come to Bow-street, he refused me his name, said he would meet me at Bow-street directly, but never came; Wright was in their company from first to last.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLASSBOROUGH
               



            . I was with Gook, and watched the prisoners to Temple-bar, they turned back after two gentlemen, by Wellington-street, Sullivan took the handkerchief a little way out of the gentleman's pocket, and a little further on, he took it further out, and at the corner of Beaufort's-buildings, they all closed on the gentlemen; Sullivan took the handkerchief from the pocket, and gave it to Collins, who immediately put it in his bosom; I took Collins and Sullivan, and took the handkerchief from Collin's bosom.
SULLIVANS'S Defence. I do not know this boy at all, the other boy and I were in the Strand, and did not know Collins had the handkerchief.
SULLIVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
WRIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
COLLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.






               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
