





1140. 
               
                  MARY 
                  BURNS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of June
, four gowns, value 14 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Fuzzens
               




            .


                  JANE 
                  FUZZENS
               



            . My husband's name is John - he is a servant
, and I am housekeeper to a lady. The prisoner was a servant
 under me. On the 31st of May I told her to wash four gowns of mine, which she did in the evening, and hung them out in a close yard, after one o'clock. She said she should get the watchman to call her, which she did at five the next morning; she called me about seven o'clock, and asked me if I had taken in the gowns - I said No - she said they were gone; I then told her to go to Mount-street watch-house for an officer - she returned, and said there were none there; I then double locked the door, so that she could not get out, and went to Bow-street, got two officers, who came, and took her.


                  MARY 
                  SHADY
               



            . I live in service at No. 28, South Audley-street - the prisoner formerly lived next door. On the 1st of June she came to me with a bundle, about eight o'clock, and asked if she might leave it with me; I said,
"Certainly" - she put it on the table, and said she would call in about half an hour; she did not call that day, and next day I looked into it, and saw there were four gowns in it. I then went to Mrs. Fuzzens, and asked if Mary was there - they said she was not. I then fetched her mother to my place. and gave her the bundles.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOOTH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker in Bulstrode-street. I have three gowns, pawned by an old woman, whom I have not seen since, in the name of Sullivan.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutrix is not married - she has a spite against me because I would not be seduced by a gentleman.
JANE FUZZENS re-examined. Q. Was there any possibility that any other person could have got the gowns but the prisoner? A. No. I have known her six weeks, and took her out of charity, without a character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
