






1815. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERTS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of August
, 1 desk, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Adam 
                  Murgatroyd
               




            .
ADAM MURGATROYD. I live at Knightsbridge, and have a house at Pimlico


; the prisoner lodged in that house. I believe he had the first floor; I let the whole upper part to Mr. Hill. On the 13th of August my young man sent for me - I went there, and missed this desk from my shop.


                  JAMES 
                  THOMAS LENNY
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Murgatroyd. I saw the desk safe in his shop, at Pimlico; the prisoner could get to the shop from the private door - I saw it safe on Saturday night, the 11th of August, about nine o'clock, and missed it on Monday afternoon; I found it in pawn that evening.
Prisoner. Q. What time was the shop open? A. About half-past seven o'clock. I suspected you, because you offered me some duplicates the day before, and said you were in distress - I know it by a private mark; I saw you leave the house that evening, and followed you to No. 5, Charlotte-street; you were taken next morning.


                  EDWARD 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Rochford, a pawnbroker, of Jermyn-street. I produce a desk, which was pawned by the prisoner, in the name of Jones, on the 13th of August; I am certain he is the person.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am an officer, and took the prisoner on the 14th of August. I was searching for the duplicate, he said, I had no right to search his things - I asked when he was last in Jermyn-street; he said on Saturday - he said it was useless to deny it any longer - that he had done it, and was sorry for it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I admit pawning it. I met an acquaintance named Jones, who owed me 7s., which I asked him for - he said he was short of money, and wanted to pawn the desk, which he had got, but felt tenacious of going to a pawnbroker - I pawned it for him and gave him the money; he paid me 5s., I allowed him 2s. for the duplicate.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
