






Before Lord 
               
                  Chief 
                  Baron Richards
               



            .
178. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CLAY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Catherine 
                           Ball
                        




                     
                  , widow
, about seven o'clock in the night of the 7th of December
, and stealing three coolers, value 6 s.; a mashing tub, value 2 s.; a washing tray, value 9 d.; sixty yards of hair line, value 1 s.; a tun bowl, value 1 s.; a knife tray, value 6 d., and four forks, value 2 d., her property; and a fixture (i.e.) a copper, value 3 l., her property, and fixed to her dwelling-house
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  HOLT
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Ball
               



            , who lives in Acton-place, Kingsland-road


. On Friday morning, the 6th of December, about five o'clock I saw the copper safe fixed. I found it next night between six and seven o'clock, at Spitalfields. About half-past seven that morning, as it was just getting day-light I missed the articles stated in the indictment. The copper was worth 3 l. I found it that evening at Spitalfields, in possession of the watchman. I found the rest at Worship-street on the 10th of December.


                  CHARLES 
                  JOHN HORWOOD
               



            . On Saturday morning, the 7th of December, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning I received information, and went down the yard leading to my slaughter house, in Wheeler-street, and saw three men there breaking up a copper - they said they were employed by a Mr. Paget of Wheeler-street, to break it up there. I said,
"I should like to see Paget before the copper goes off the premises" - I sent for him, and was left with the three men. I believe both the prisoners to be two of them; but will only swear to Clay; I am certain of him. They took the copper up, put it into a sack, and went out of the yard with it. I went out with them, and said,
"I shall follow you." Paget came up, and said in their presence that he knew nothing about the property or them. Clay was going up Fleur-de-lis-court; Izard followed and took him with the chopper and axe - one of the others had the copper on his back, I think it was Smith; I followed him, he laid it down by the White-heart window - I took it up, and gave it to Hart. Clay was brought back and taken to the watch-house. Smith and the other man got off. I found Smith at Worship-street on the Tuesday.
Prisoner CLAY. Q. Did I mention Paget's name - A. One of them did, I cannot say which.


                  ROBERT 
                  IZARD
               



            . About a quarter past eight o'clock in the morning of the 7th of December, I went to the slaughter house for a sheep, and saw Clay and Smith (I am sure of them), and another person breaking up a brewing copper; it appeared nearly new - I went to Spitalfields-market, returned, and saw them still there breaking it up, Horwood desired me to go and ask Paget if he sent them to break it up there; I went, and he said he knew nothing of it - Clay immediately turned round and went up Fleur-de-lis-court with the axe and chopper, and at the top of the court he threw them down - I followed him; he ran up Elder-street and down Blossom-street, where I took him, and brought him back with the axe and chopper. I saw Smith at Worship-street, on the Tuesday after, and pointed him out from among other persons.


                  DANIEL 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I am a broker, and live in Old-street, St. Lukes. I know both the prisoners. On Friday night, the 6th of December, between seven and nine Clay came to me with a washing tray, a knife tray, a few old forks, three old sacks, and several other small articles - a few minutes afterwards Smith brought three coolers, and another person was with them; they brought other things as well, and left them all with me, and wanted me to buy them, but said they had a copper also, and I was to see that in the morning. I asked Clay where I could see it, and I think he said at No. 14, Curtain-road - I appointed eleven o'clock in the morning; they went away leaving the things with me, and about nine o'clock in the morning Smith and another man came to my house; they said Clay was gone to work - I said I was to go to see the copper at eleven, and they said their mother had moved, and that she had given the copper to Clay. I said they must take the things away, or bring their mother or brother - they went away, and I went to No. 14, Curtain-road, and found Clay had not lived there. I saw
"Acton-place," chalked on the tun bowl, and as I thought No. 1, I went there, but the house was shut up. Smith had agreed to come at two o'clock, so I got an officer ready, who took him when he came. I advanced Clay 8 s. overnight.


                  RICHARD 
                  CONSTABLE
               



            . I am an officer of St. Lukes. On the 7th of December, about half-past one o'clock in the afternoon, Bishop came to me - I went to his house, Smith came in, and I secured him.


                  THOMAS 
                  HART
               



            . I am watch-house keeper. I went with Adams, and matched the rim of the copper with the brick work; it tallied exactly.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am street keeper. I went with Hart. The copper rim tallied exactly.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HOLT
               



             re-examined. I saw every thing safe at five o'clock in the brew-house; it was then day light, and next morning I found them gone. Five tiles were taken off.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
CLAY'S Defence. I was coming down Wheeler-street, at eight o'clock in the morning, and saw two persons breaking this copper up - two persons came and said they would give me 1 s. to help them break it up; I went, and up came this butcher, and asked who authorized us to do it; one of them said it belonged to Paget - a person went to Paget, returned and said it was not so, and seized the man with the copper on his back. I had the chopper in my hand, and finding there was a disturbance, I put it downand walked away - I made no resistance. As to Bishop saying I brought the tubs, it is false.
SMITH'S Defence. I was coming down Old-street, and saw an article at Bishop's shop, which I thought would suit me - I went to ask the price, and the man seized me and charged me with this.
CLAY - GUILTY. Aged 33.
SMITH - GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only, and not of the burglary
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
