







879. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     AUSTIN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of May

, eight yards of of muslin, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Sparrow 
                           Benstead
                        



                     
                  , privately in his shop
            ; and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     GOODWIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am a headborough of St. Pancras. On the 22d of May, between twelve and one o'clock, as I returned from Hatton-garden, I saw Austin come from Little Bath-street, into Great Bath-street, and meet Goodwin; something passed from her to him so quick, I could not discern what it was - thinking all was not right, I took him, and asked what he had got, he said,
"nothing" I took him into a public-house, and took this muslin from under his jacket; he said, he found it - I left him in charge, and went to look for Austin; and saw her and Davis sitting in Mr. Benstead's shop, in Little Bath-street; I took her, she asked Davis
"What does this mean" - I took them both, and on coming out, Davis said to Austin,
"I am afraid he is taken;" I found nothing on Davis, and discharged her - she followed us to Hatton-garden, and was taken - Benstead's shopman claimed the muslin.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Chapman, and saw Austin give something to Goodwin; we secured him and found the muslin on him.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLLIER
               



            . I am clerk to a solicitor. I had been to Hatton-garden with Chapman, and saw Austin pass something under Goodwin's jacket - the muslin was found there.


                  FREDERICK 
                  CARY
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. J. S. Benstead, linen-draper
, No. 7, Little Bath-street



. On the 22d of May, the female prisoners came in together, and asked to see some prints; I asked if they had tried a pattern which I gave them yesterday; they said, No, but they wanted another dress - they had paid 1 s. on a dress the day before - I gave them a pattern; they said, if it washed, they would have another - I shewed them a great many prints, on the 22d, and as they liked none of them, I asked them to look in the window, outside, and see if there were any they should like; and in a few minutes, Austin went out to look at the window, as I thought, Davis remained - she returned, and the officer came in - I did not then miss any thing, till he produced the muslin - they had come together the day before.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
AUSTIN'S Defence. I never saw the man, or gave him any thing.
DAVIS'S Defence. I do not think I was ever there before. He told us to look in the window; Austin went out, the officer came in and asked if she was with me, I said, Yes; he took us both, nothing was found on me, he discharged me - I said, I would not go without her.
GOODWIN'S Defence. I saw a man come out of the shop and drop it - I picked it up.
AUSTIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GOODWIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Confined Three Months
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
