





351. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PEARCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 18th of December
, 1 stove-grate, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Rayner
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  RAYNER
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Rayner
               



            , an ironmonger
, of Crawford-street


. On the 18th of December a little boy came and told me a stove-grate was taken; I had seen it five minutes before - I went out and saw the prisoner with it on the other side of the way; he was quite a stranger: I went to him - he put it down, and ran away; I kept him in sight, and called Stop thief! he was stopped in York-street - I am certain he is the person.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I am an officer. I was in York-street, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I looked towards the sound, and met the prisoner - I took him.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever see me before? A. Yes, I have.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking up Crawford-street, at half-past six o'clock, or a quarter before seven - this stove stood off the edge of the pavement; I stood by it for about five minutes - I was distressed, and took it across the road; they cried Stop thief! and I sat it down; I have had neither father nor mother since I was nine years old.


                  THOMAS 
                  RAYNER
               



             re-examined. The stove stood inside a railing; it was four feet six inches from the place he took it - a person must have got over the railing, or hooked it towards him; it was about half-past six o'clock.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
