





205. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  EBRALL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of December
, 1 sovereign, 1 half-crown, and 3 shillings, the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Kendal
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN KENDAL. I am a plasterer
, and live at Hackney. On the 2d of December, Mr. Watkins, my master, paid me one sovereign, one half-sovereign, and some silver money: I went to the Barley Mow public-house, and drank; I paid 1s. 6d. as my share of the reckoning - I was not quite sober when I left - I then went into the George the Fourth public-house, about two hundred yards from there; I drank more there, and when I came out, I was quite insensible - I found myself in the watch-house next morning, and missed my money from my left-hand breeches pocket.


                  MARY 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I was in Old-street on the 2nd of December, about a quarter past twelve o'clock - I saw the prosecutor sitting down in the street, insensible - the prisoner came up and said, "Jem, do you live at the baker's now?" he made no answer; the prisoner then took him up, and led him round to a baker's by the London Apprentice public-house; the gentleman said, he had never seen him before: I then saw Wayfield, who said, "You had better give him in charge of the watchman," which I did; the watchman and the prisoner were leading him to the watch-house; I saw the prisoner put his arms round his waist, and put his hand into his left-hand pocket; I saw the pocket come out, but saw no money; I said to Wayfield."Do you see that?" he caught hold of the prisoner'shand, and the money was taken from it - the prosecutor then fell down.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WAYFIELD
               



            . I am a gardener. I was passing the London Apprentice public-house


, and saw the prosecutor at the baker's shop; the prisoner had got hold of him; I saw the prisoner catch hold of him by the middle; Holmes said, "Do you see that?" I took hold of his hand, and there was a half-crown in it, and 2s.; the watchman came up; I said, "Here is the money;" the prisoner then knocked it out of his hand - I picked it up, but could find no sovereign; Holmes picked up 1s.


                  GEORGE 
                  CRIPS
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house with three shillings and a half-crown.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
