





1176. 
               
                  BENJAMIN 
                  PERRING
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, one shawl, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wells
                        



                     
                  , from the person of Emma, his wife
            .


                  EMMA 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Wells
               



            , who is a collector of debts
. On the 27th of July, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I was endeavouring to get into Westminster-abbey


, the crowd was very great. I was much crowded, and held my shawl with my hands on my shoulders, my clothes got undone, I let go of my shawl to pull them up, and it was stolen in a moment, somebody must have taken it - it could not have dropped. As soon as I could speak, I said I had lost it; the officer Webb, behind, said
"I have taken a man with one, walk this way." I found the prisoner in custody forty yards off with it.


                  JAMES 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was on duty by Westminster-abbey; there was a sudden crush to get in. I observed several about whom I suspected, and saw the prisoner catch at a woman's shawl, twist it up round his arm, and shove it into his bosom. I immediately took him out of the mob with it. I could not tell who the woman was. I sent Webb to find her out - Wells claimed it.


                  JOHN 
                  WEBB
               



            . I was on duty, and saw a push; they nearly got the prosecutrix down, several of the gang were together. I saw the prisoner taken.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I saw the shawl laying down, and pulled it out of the crowd, saw nobody who belonged to it, and put it in my coat.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
