





1464. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWNNUTT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of July
, two portmanteaus, value 10 s.; two coats, value 2 l.; five waistcoats, value 1 l.; six pairs of trousers, value 1 l.; two pairs of breeches, value 10 s.; five pairs of drawers, value 5 s.; thirty-eight pairs of stockings, value 4 l.; twelve pairs of gloves, value 12 s.; fifteen shirts, value 3 l.; nineteen handkerchiefs, value 1 l.; six night-caps, value 3 s.; six collars, value 1 s.; five brushes, value 1 s.; a case of razors, value 4 s.; six maps, value 1 l.; three pairs of boots, value 10 s.; three pairs of shoes, value 6 s., and a pair of spurs, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles John 
                  Howard
               




            , commonly called Viscount Andover
.
MR. LAW conducted the prosecution.


                  EDWARD 
                  FERRIS
               



            . I am a watchman. I was on duty in Mitcham-street, Lisson-grove, on the 6th of July; about a quarter past three o'clock in the morning. I saw the prisoner and another young man standing by a cart in Middlesex-mews, at the bottom of Mitcham-street; I knew the horse, and went up and asked the men how far they had come, as the horse seemed much fatigued; the prisoner said "Twenty-five miles;" I looked into the cart, but saw nothing but straw; I walked round the horse, and put my hand on him and said, "You have killed poor Johnny - where is Brown?" meaning Kit Brown; the prisoner or his companion said they had left Kit Brown at Portman-street - that he was lushy, meaning tipsy, and he was talking to some coachmen; I went and stood at some distance till the clock went half-past three; one of the men said "It is half-past three;" I got another watchman and returned; when they saw me come so close to them again, his companion said "I will go and call Mr. Brown;" I then called to my companion, who was concealed, and we went up to the cart; the first thing I saw was a goose; the prisoner then said, "There is a trunk in the cart;" there were some pease, and two portmanteaus; I then took him, the cart, goose, and the portmanteaus, to the watch-house.
Prisoner. Q. Did I make any resistance? A. Certainly not.


                  EDWARD 
                  LUCAS ELTON
               



            . I received the prisoner from Ferris. In the prisoner's waistcoat pocket I found two turnpike-tickets of the Uxbridge-road, and in the large portmanteau some visiting cards of Lord Andover's, and a quantity of wearing apparel.


                  GEORGE 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am groom to Charles John Howard, commonly called Viscount Andover, son of Lord Suffolk. I remember these articles being packed up to be sent by Lord Suffolk's waggon; it was going near Malmsbury, in Wilts; it would go by Hyde-park-corner, down to Uxbridge; I delivered the portmanteau to Harrax, valet to Lord Andover; it contained the articles stated in the indictment; it left town on the 5th of July, and I saw the articles on the 6th in London; I followed the waggon, and overtook it about five miles on the other side of Maidenhead; the driver had not missed them.


                  JAMES 
                  HARRAX
               



            . I am valet to Lord Andover. I received the portmanteau from Allen, and put it into the waggon, which left Great Cumberland-street on the 5th of July, about half-past three o'clock, for Hounslow, where the waggoner was to put up for the night.
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning from Turnham-green, and the cart came along with three men in it. I asked them what they would take me to town for - I said I would give them 1 s., and they said jump up; when we got to Mitcham-street, two of them got down, leaving me and another to mind the cart; they said they should soon come back; they asked me to put the tickets into my pocket as we came through the turnpikes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
