





Before Mr. Recorder.
1289. 
               
                  
                     LAWRENCE 
                     CLEAREY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of July
, thirty-nine sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Faby
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. WALFORD conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  FABY
               



            . I live in Brewer's-court, Bedfordbury; the prisoner lodged in my house. On the 7th of July, about half-past eleven o'clock, I received thirty-nine sovereigns fourteen shillings and eleven-pence, at the Bank - Mary Knaven was with me. After receiving my money it rained, and we went into the Mansion-house, public-house, and had a pot of ale; I was in her company about two hours and a half, and parted with her in Fleet-street. I had drank three glasses of liquor and part of a pot of ale; when I parted from her, she asked if my money was safe, I felt and found it so. I went home about three o'clock, and went to bed in one of my lodger's rooms, it was the prisoner's room. I cannot say whether my money was then safe, I continued in bed from three to five o'clock; I had carried my money loose in my trowsers pocket; the last time I felt, it was in Fleet-street. I met nobody in the way home, nor did I stay anywhere that I recollect. I awoke at five o'clock, and my money was gone; I saw the prisoner at eleven that night, and saw him again next day, and he shewed me eleven sovereigns in a pocket book; I asked how he came by them, he said he had them from a young woman who he kept company with, and who had taken them from a foreigner overnight.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERCAST. Q. Do not youknow that he was acquainted with a young woman - A. He knew a servant at Newton's hotel, St. Martin's-street, which is a house for the reception of foreigners; he said the woman had robbed the foreigner of it - I suspected that it was mine. I am sure it was safe when I left Knaven; I did not charge her with taking it. She was examined at Guildhall, on the 10th or 11th of July, for being in company with me; I could not then recollect when I had the money; it came to my memory next evening; she was two days in custody. I called at Knaven's house; I was not drunk when I went there - I carried her child home; she then came on to Fleet-street with me; I fell down on her stairs, as my foot slipped. I took the prisoner up three weeks after, he had not absconded, but lodged with me all the time. I never consulted a fortune-teller about it.
MR. WALFORD. Q. You fell down at Knaven's house - A. Yes; my money was safe after that. I went to her house to ask about it, that occasioned words between me and her husband. I was taken before the Magistrate, and she was brought up by the Magistrate's desire.


                  MARY 
                  KNAVEN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Knaven
               



             - my husband is the prosecutor's first cousin; he is a bricklayer. I went to the Bank with him - he was sober. He received a great many sovereigns at the Bank, and put them into his breeches pocket; this was past twelve o'clock. He went to a public-house with me, and then went to my house; he drank some liquor, in Bow-lane; he had a pot of ale at a public-house, also three half quarterns of rum, and a quartern of gin - he was tipsy. I went as far as St. Paul's with him, and said,
"Have you got your money safe?"
"Oh! Yes," said he, slipping his hand in his pocket, and I heard his money jingle. I parted with him at St. Paul's. I live in Great Trinity-lane - he went home with me before I parted with him.
Cross-examined. Q. How long were you in custody - A. He came in the afternoon; the constable took me - I was discharged the same day. He told the Magistrate he rather thought I had got it; he had come to my house that night, and said he was sure I had his money, and told the Magistrate so.


                  MARGARET 
                  FABY
               



            . I am the wife of the prosecutor. The prisoner lodged with us. On the morning of the robbery he wanted to borrow 2 s. 6 d. of me, to go to a raffle at night; I did not lend it him, and he got me to send my girl to pawn a pair of breeches, for 2 s. 6 d.; she went and brought me the half-crown, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, and he never came to me for it. My husband came home after three o'clock, and went up and slept in the prisoner's room, till five o'clock. He came into the house while my husband was up stairs; I do not know whether he went up, for I went out, leaving him there. A woman, who lived with the prisoner, as his wife (but not in our house) was in the house at the time.
COURT. Q. I suppose she went into the prisoner's room whenever she came to the house - A. Yes; she and the prisoner had plenty of opportunities of going there - she was in the house between three and five o'clock, and the prisoner was there with her. He owed me 1 l. 15 s. 4 d. for rent, and paid me next morning, and said he got the money from a young woman who robbed a foreigner of it. He shewed me ten or eleven sovereigns in a pocket-book, and said he was to get 20 l. as a fortune with the young woman who he married; he married her two or three days after, and told me he was married by licence.
Cross-examined. Q. When did you see the prisoner at the house - A. About a quarter after three o'clock; I was sitting in my room, and told him my husband had come home. The woman was in my room at the time, both before and after the prisoner came in. The prisoner's room is on the second floor; I went out, leaving them together - I was not absent a quarter of an hour.
MR. WALFORD. Q. How long after your husband went to bed did the woman come in - A. She was in the house a quarter of an hour - her name is 
               
                  Mary 
                  Riley
               



             - she saw my husband come in and go up stairs. She went up and down before Clearey came in.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I lodge in the house. On this morning the prisoner wanted me to lend him 2 s. 6 d. to go to a raffle - I gave him leave to pawn my breeches for 2 s. 6 d., as I had no money. I saw him again between seven and eight o'clock in the evening at a wine vaults - he changed a sovereign, and paid me. I asked how he got it - he said he got it of his wife.


                  JOHN 
                  DUFFY
               



            , I am a labourer, and live in Oxford Buildings. On the 7th of July I saw the prisoner at a raffle in Broad-street, Carnaby-market, and saw him with some sovereigns; he said he had plenty of money, and shewed me a white stocking, and strewed them all over the table; he said he got them by hard labour.
Cross-examined. Q. This was a long time ago - A. I cannot tell - it was not at a raffle - I heard of a raffle that evening.


                  MARY 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I keep the Black Horse, public-house, Vine-street, Chandos-street; the prisoner came to my house one day the beginning of July with a woman, and had a glass of rum and water, about ten o'clock in the morning; I changed a sovereign for him - and then changed another for him.


                  THOMAS 
                  GAYNARD
               



            . Shortly after I heard of this robbery the prisoner told me he had got a great deal of money from a young woman, who took it from a foreigner. I saw him give a man eleven sovereigns.
Cross-examined. Q. Where was this - A. At Faby's house. The man said he gave him eleven sovereigns; I did not see him with them myself.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOYLE
               



            . The prisoner told me he had some sovereigns of a woman who robbed a foreigner of them. I saw him change one at a public-house.


                  ANTHONY 
                  M'KEAL
               



            . I saw the prisoner with eleven sovereigns at Faby's house on the Saturday after the robbery; he said he got them from a sweetheart of his - that he went to borrow two shillings of her to go to a raffle, and she gave them to him; and he rather thought she got them from a foreigner.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HOLYLAND
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the prisoner's lodging in Faby's house, and found nineteen sovereigns in a box, wrapped in a piece of rag. There were no men's clothes there - only ribbons and caps. A woman who called herself his wife gave us the key, and was present at the search.


                  THOMAS 
                  FABY
               



            . I saw the box searched - it belonged to his wife; he married her three days after the robbery. He kept his clothes in that box.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not leave work till half past five o'clock that afternoon, then came home. Faby said her husband was drunk, and told me to go to watch for him - I went and staid till eight o'clock, then returned, and found neither of them at home; they were gone to Knaven's house; he said she had the money. I never denied having this money.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOYLE
               



             re-examined. I came home about five o'clock - I do not know where the prisoner was then - he went to watch in Faby's place; I went into the room, and Faby was dressing himself.


                  MICHAEL 
                  NEEREY
               



            . I knew the prisoner in Ireland and in England. I saw him with forty-seven sovereigns at the time Faby was robbed; he counted them twice at the raffle, and said he found them between Whitcomb-street and the Haymarket.
MR. WALFORD. Q. Are you sure it was on the day of the raffle - A. Yes; on the day before; it was at the Fortune of War, East-street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Life
            .
