






639. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  RUMBALL
               




             and 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  COLLINS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February
, 200 penny pieces, and 320 halfpence
            , the monies of 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Black
               




            , widow
.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORGAN
               



            , JUN. I and my father, on the 7th of February, were watching at Mrs. Black's shop, in Cow-cross-street, Smithfield


 - I saw the prisoner and two others walking and talking together for about ten minutes; Rumball then went into the shop, the others were by the window; he came out, and then Collins went in - I could see nobody in the shop - I saw Collins knock on the counter two or three times; I then saw him go round the counter and take something off the shelf, but cannot say what; I then called my father; I ran and secured Collins as he came out of the shop, with six papers of copper; Rumball ran off, but was taken soon after; the others two got away, but I afterward saw one playing on Clerkenwell-green, and had him taken - he is in the House of Correction.


                  HENRY 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I was opposite this house looking out of the up-stairs window, and saw four boys in company - I saw Collins go in and take the halfpence from the shelf.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORGAN
               



            , SEN. My son called me; I seized Collins as he came out at the door.


                  JOHN 
                  FURBES
               



            . I am street-keeper. I saw Rumball running, and hearing an alarm, I took him back to the house, where I took Collins with the money.


                  MARGARET 
                  BLACK
               



            . On the 7th of February I was at home. I heard an alarm, and went into the shop; the prisoners were brought in, with these papers of copper, which had been behind my counter; I had tied them up.
RUMBALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
COLLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
