







1079. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     WARD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  JOHN BROWN 
                  BOWDEN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of August
, a guitar, value 20 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Job 
                  Rutter
               



             and 
               
                  Daniel Moore 
                  M'Carthy
               



            .
JOB RUTTER. I am a musical-instrument-maker

, and am in partnership with Daniel Moore M'Carthy. We live in Bond-street


. On the 21st of August I lost this guitar. It was safe in my shop the day before. I found it at the office next day, and Ward in custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COTTON BATTLE
               



            . I am fifteen years old, and am servant to the prosecutors. On the 21st of August I was sweeping the pavement opposite the private door, and was crossing round to go into the shop, and met the prisoner Ward with the guitar, about a yard from the door; part of it was under his coat. I asked what business he had with it. He said something about a Mr. Jones; I took him back to the shop, and took it from him. I then knocked at the private door for assistance. He followed me, and was secured. I did not see Bowden.
Cross-examined by MR. LOVITT. Q. He made no attempt to go away - A. No; he said
"Mr. Jones," or some idle excuse.
Q. Did he not say he went into the shop, and accidentally brushed against the guitar and threw it down, and was ready to give it up again - A. No; he said nothing but Mr. Jones. He might have said he brushed against it and knocked it down.


                  HENRY 
                  YATES
               



            . I am a constable. About seven o'clock in the morning I was watching the two prisoners, in company together, at the corner of Moor-street, Seven Dials, and followed them into Bond-street. They went into ten or twenty shops. I saw Ward go into this shop. I turned round and missed Bowden. I turned round again, and found Ward in custody. Bowden was on the other side of the way at the time Ward entered the shop. Battle charged Ward with stealing the guitar; he said he was very sorry for it. I took Bowden next day, at the King's Arms, public-house, in Moor-street. He denied being with Ward. I knew him before.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WARD'S Defence. I called in to ask for a piece of music. Nobody was in the shop. I knocked three or four times, and as I came out my coat struck against the guitar, and threw it down; I picked it up, and went to the boy to tell him. He accused me of stealing it. I asked to see his master, and told him how it happened, and in twenty minutes Yates came over, and asked for the property; he then took this guitar out of the window; it is not the one in question. I never saw Bowden.
BATTLE re-examined. He said nothing of the kind to me. He could not brush against it. There was a frame to keep it in. His arm might brush it down, but his coat could not.
BOWDEN'S Defence. If I was there, why did not the officer take me.
YATES. He had escaped, and I went over to take Ward.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FORTY
               



            . I was with Yates, and saw the prisoners, between seven and eight o'clock, at the King's Arms, and watched them. They went into several shops. This occurred while I went into a shop (where they had been) to enquire.
WARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
BOWDEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
