







589. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BROOKS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WILDEY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ELLIS
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, one inkstand, value 1 s.; one file, value 6 d.; one dog's collar, value 6 d.; one turn handle, value 2 d.; three hundred screws, value 6 s.; two locks, value 1 s.; nineteen keys, value 3 s., and twelve carpet wires, value 1 s.
            , the goods of our Lord the King.
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cole
                  




               
            .
MR. BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAMILTON
               



            . I keep an old iron shop in Short's Gardens, Drury-lane. On the 11th of April, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, Ellis and Wildey came to my shop with a quantity of screws, locks, inkstands, horn handles, files, and a dog's collar, which they offered me for sale. I asked who sent them - they said they got them in Regency Park. I said they do not suit me, at the same time a man came in and told me to take them in charge, while he went after more; he brought Brooks in, and took them away with the property.


                  RICHARD 
                  ROWE WICKS
               



            . I was on duty on the 11th of of April. Between seven and eight o'clock I saw four boys at the corner of Shorts Gardens, having lead, it was the three prisoners and 
               
                  George 
                  White
               



            , who escaped; they went into Hamilton's shop - at the time I went in they were shewing these things, he was asking were they got them, they told him they got them out of the Regent's Park. I went out after Brooks and White, and took both of them - White got away. I found nineteen keys, one lock, and a large quantity of screws and brads on Brooks. On White I found thirteen brass carpet wires.


                  JOHN 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I am headborough of St. Giles's I was on duty - Wicks's account is correct.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLE
               



            . I am foreman of the Regent's Park


, and had the care of all the articles, they were kept in a lodge. I found the window of the lodge taken out - some of the things are mine, and the rest belong to the Crown. I had seen most of them on the Friday before, this was Wednesday. I was in the lodge, and they were safe the evening before.
BROOKS'S Defence. I found them in the fields.
ELLIS'S Defence. I was with him - they laid by a ditch.
BROOKS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
ELLIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
WILDEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
