





920. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     BARTHOLEMEW
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of June
, a basket, value 4 s.; a bag, value 1 s., and 20 lbs. of tea, value 5 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Ware
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WHISTON
               



            . I am a constable. On the 22d of June, about twenty minutes to seven o'clock. I was in Skinner-street, and saw the prisoner crossing the road, with a basket in a bag on his arm. I ran over and asked what he had; he said nothing. I lifted up the bag and saw it was tea, and held him till Pearman came over, and took him, while I went after another man, whom I saw with another bag, but he got off.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. How far from Fleet-market did you stop him - A. About one hundred yards.


                  JAMES 
                  WARE
               



            . I live in St. George's-place, Walworth. I left my shop about three o'clock in the afternoon, of Saturday, the 21st of June, another person remained there till eleven o'clock, I did not return myself till seven o'clock of the morning of the 23d, and found the door had been opened without the key - the tea cannisters scattered about the shop and all empty; three loaves of sugar, 12 lbs. of coffee, a basket and bag were also stolen, and on Wednesday, in consequence of an advertisement, I saw this property, and knew the bag and basket - the tea is green and black mixed, and is about the quantity I lost.
Cross-examined. Q. You do not sleep at this house - A. No.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down Fleet-market, about six o'clock on Sunday morning, and found it by the side of some baskets, and took it home, thinking it might be advertized.


                  DAVID 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I have known the prisoner ten or twelve years, and was with him when he found this basket on Sunday morning; he was going over the water with me at the time, and in Fleet-market I saw him pick it up. I said "Take it home, you will get something, it will be owned."
COURT. Q. Were you walking with him in Skinner-street - A. No; we opened it in Fleet-market; it was about seven o'clock, there were a good many people about. I had called on him to go to the Borough with me; he was to introduce me to a lawyer. I went on and left him, as he told me where to find the person I wanted.
Q. Did he send for you when he was taken before the Magistrate - A. No.; I knew nothing of it till Friday, about two o'clock. I went to Canterbury on the Monday morning by the Gravesend boat.
Q. Did you see any more baskets at the place - A. There were market baskets there; this stood on the top of one or two of them, opposite the prison, and being different from market baskets, it caught his eye I suppose. It was on the ground at first.
Q. Why take up that more than another - A. There was no other of value - we moved the sack and saw it was tea.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHISTON
               



            . The man who ran away was aboutthe witness's size; they appeared in company. The prisoner said, he had a witness who saw him find it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
