





901. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SCARRD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, two seals, value 30 s.; and two watch-keys, value 30 s. the goods of 
                     
                        Daniel Edward 
                        Colston
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  EDWARD COLSTON
               



            . I live in Aldermanbury; on the evening of the 15th of April, I was passing the end of Hare-court, Aldersgate-street


, the prisoner and two others stood there; the other two were sparring, which made me pass nearer to the prisoner, who instantly snatched at my watch; the chain broke, and he got away with the seals; one of the others laid hold of me, saying,
"What is the matter," and tried to hinder my pursuing; but I sprang forward, calling, Stop thief! and saw him stopped a few yards off by Pearson. I am certain he is the man.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say,
"Has any body ran by?" - A. No; Pearson said nobody had passed him. Iknow him from his dress and appearance; there is a gas lamp opposite the entrance; I did not lose sight of him for a moment; I heard something fall, and the seals were picked up at his feet.


                  JAMES 
                  PEARSON
               



            . I was in Paul's-alley, near Hare-court, and met three people running towards me, calling, Stop thief! I stopped the first, which was the prisoner; and picked the seals and keys up at his feet.
Prisoner. Q. Did not the prosecutor ask you if a young man had not run by - A. Yes; I said no.


                  JAMES 
                  CLARK
               



            . I saw Pearson holding the prisoner, and saw two gold seals drop from his hand; they were picked up and given to Pearson.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNES
               



            . I received the prisoner in charge, with the property.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Two men ran by me. How can they swear which of us dropped the seals - they were not found within six yards of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
