






Before Mr. Justice Park.
619. 
               
                  JOHN GEORGE 
                  MUNNS
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  LINDSAY
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Isaac 
                        Dove
                     




                  , on the 21st of March
, on the King's highway, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 20s.; 3 sovereigns, and 2 half-sovereigns
            , his property.
ISAAC DOVE. I am master of the Diana collier
. On 21st of March I had three sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and a watch in my pocket; I went to several public-houses about Shadwell, and was robbed of them about three o'clock; I cannot tell who by, for I was very drunk.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. How do you know you were in Shadwell? A. I was in New Gravel-lane and Spring-street. I cannot say how many public-houses I was at.


                  DANIEL 
                  HAGERTY
               



            . I live with my father, in Union-street, Ratcliff-highway. On the 21st of March, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, I was playing about, and saw Dove - I think he came out of the Black Horse, public-house - he went to a corner for a necessary purpose; I saw both the prisoners - I knew them before by sight and by name; Munns is a salesman
, and Lindsay a fidler
; I think they came out of the same house as Dove - I saw them coming behind him; I saw one of them knock him down; I saw them both go away to the middle of the bricks, and share something between them, but what it was I do not know. I and Bridges went up to them; Munns made a blow at Bridges; I went to the Black Horse, and told Mr. Tavernor; he came out after them - they ran away. When he came back from running after them Dove got up, and went into the Black Horse; he was very drunk. Tavernor sent five of us to watch him home: he went across the Dock-hill - Munns came up there again, and shoved him down; he laid down with him, searched his pockets, and put something into his own pocket; this was half an hour after they first went up to him. I went and told Tavernor, and while I was talking Munns came up the lane; Tavernor came out, and he ran off.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. What kept you out so late? A. We were playing. I have never been in trouble myself.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TAVERNOR
               



            . My brother keeps the Black Horse - I live there. On the evening of the 21st of March Dove was in the house, very tipsy indeed. I saw neither of the prisoners there - he had his pockets turned inside out; he went out, and did not come into the house again; his right-hand pocket was inside out - his breeches pocket and one side of his flap was unbuttoned; his fob was hanging out, but I felt his watch in it; I followed him to the door; Hagerty and some other boys there said he had been robbed; I sent them to follow him. I went to the door, and saw two men standing by the bricks; I cannot say who they were; they run away when I went towards them - I followed 150 or 200 yards, then returned, as I had left nobody in the bar. The boys came back, and gave me further information - I did not then see either of the prisoners.
Cross-examined. Q. His watch was safe when you saw him? A. Yes; I cannot say whether he had a chain.


                  GEORGE 
                  JOHN BRIDGES
               



            . I was in the street on this night, playing with Hagerty, and saw Dove go into the Black Horse - his pockets were inside out, and his flap half down. I saw Munns, but cannot say who the other man was; they were dividing something; Hagerty and I went towards home - they were going to hit us - we ran away; I saw the shape of Dove's watch in his fob after I had seen them dividing something; he went down the lane; I did not observe whether any body followed him; Munns said to Dove, "This is the way to Old Gravel-lane," directing him down New Gravel-lane.


                  JOSEPH 
                  INKPEN
               



            . I live in Gravel-lane, near these bricks. I saw Dove coming from the bricks, with his breeches pockets inside out. I saw Munns standing by the bricks, with another man, but cannot say whether it was Lindsay, as I did not know him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended Lindsay on the 22d, about nine o'clock in the evening, at the Ship and Unicorn public-house, Gravel-lane; I told him it was for a robbery which he and Munns had committed on the North country captain, and that I had information that he and Munns had done it; he made no reply. - I had not seen Hagerty then.
MUNNS - GUILTY. Aged 21.
LINDSAY - GUILTY. Aged 26.
Of 


               stealing from the person, but not with force & violence
            .





               Transported for Life
            .
