






181. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     STAPLETON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ROBINS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of October
, 200 lbs. of lead, value 24 s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Freeman
                        




                     
                  , widow
, and fixed to a building belonging to her
            .


                  JAMES 
                  MILNE
               



            . I am clerk to Mrs. 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Freeman
               



            , widow. This building is in St. John's Church-yard, Westminster


, at the back of her premises; it is a warehouse and stable. We received information, and on examination found full a ton weight of lead stripped from the gutters; it was both torn and cut - the edges appeared fresh. Some was afterwards produced which matched with what remained. It would take 40 l. or 50 l. to replace it. On the 21st of October, Stapleton was found on the premises, and given into my custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a builder. On Monday, the 20th of October, I examined these premises, and found three gutters stripped of the lead; and seeing some left, I thought they would come again. Sheen was set to watch; and on Tuesday, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I came out and saw some men lurking about - they spoke to each other and went away, and in about twenty minutes I heard Stapleton was taken. I went to the premises, and found the lead thrown from the gutters. 8 or 10 cwt. was stolen that night - about 2 cwt. was found.



                  MICHAEL 
                  SHEEN
               



            . I was set to watch the premises. I heard an alarm, and found Stapleton laying under the body of a cart, in the shed, and about half a hundred weight of lead laying five yards from him. He said he came to sleep there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TREHEARN
               



            . I am horse-keeper to Mrs. Freeman. Sheen brought Stapleton to me. I locked him in the coach-house, returned to the premises, found the lead stripped off the roof, and nearly 2 cwt. rolled up and thrown down.


                  JOHN 
                  FRAY
               



            . I am a farrier, and live in Church-street. On the evening of the 21st of October, I saw two men (not the prisoners) lurking about these premises - I watched them from half-past six till twenty minutes to eight o'clock. Sheen came up. I went with him to the shed, and found Stapleton laying under a cart, on the premises. The gate had been padlocked - they could creep under the gate into the yard - the lead was just by him, and inside the shed I found a coat, which I am positive belonged to the prisoner Robins - I have seen him wear it - I knew both the prisoners before.


                  ANN 
                  MANGAN
               



            . I am servant at the White Horse, public-house, Orchard-street, Westminster. The prisoners frequent the house, and about seven o'clock on the night of the 21st of October, they were both at our house together in company, drinking.


                  ROBERT 
                  SIKLEMORE
               



            . I am foreman to the prosecutrix. I found an apron in the shed, close to some of the lead. I have seen Robins about the stable-yard, and think the coat is his.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am an officer of Queen-square. I apprehended Robins at the White Horse, Orchard-street, on the 25th of October - he denied the charge. I asked how he came to leave his coat and apron behind - he said he did not leave them there on the Tuesday, nor had he been there; but he left his coat and apron there on the Monday night. He claimed the coat and apron produced.


                  EDWARD 
                  JOHN HANDLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I went on Wednesday morning to compare the lead. I have no doubt of it belonging to the premises.
STAPLETON'S Defence. I went at night to have a pint of beer at this house, which Robins used, but was not in his company. I left the house at six o'clock, and went to Millbank, and on returning saw somebody crawl under the gate; curiosity made me go in, and I was apprehended.
ROBINS'S Defence. On Monday night, I was going by St. John's Church-yard. I had a waistcoat given me, with sleeves to it - I threw my coat and apron over into these premises.
STAPLETON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
ROBINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
