






163. 
               
                  EMMA 
                  BASSETT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of November

, 1 purse, value 18d.; 8 sovereigns, and a 5l. note, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Cummins
                     



                  , from his person
            ; and 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  CURTAIN
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen
            .
JOHN CUMMINS. I am a silk-mercer
, and live in Harley-street, Cavendish-square. On the 8th of November I met Bassett in Tottenham-court-road, about nine or ten o'clock in the evening; she requested me to give her something to drink, as it was cold; I gave her some gin and water; she then took me to another public-house inBainbridge-street, where we stopped some time, and changed a sovereign at the public-house, and received 18s. 6d.; I had eight sovereigns and a 5l. note in my purse; I got up about eleven o'clock to go home, and she took me down some streets and passages into a private house; she asked me to go up-stairs, but I did not; I only went a yard or two into the house; she then wanted me to sit down on the stairs; I got up to go home; she put her arms round me and said, "Pray, sir, don't go;" she then took my purse and papers; I felt her hand in my pocket; I seized her hand, and called, Watch! Curtain came in instantly; she stretched out her hand and gave the property to him; I collared him, but he got from me, and attempted to rescue her; a watchman came up, and I gave her in charge; she gave part of my papers to the watchman, acknowledging that she had taken them from me, and given the rest to Curtain.


                  THOMAS 
                  LESLIE
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 8th of October I went into this house in St. Giles



; hearing a cry of Watch! I found the prisoners and prosecutor together; the prosecutor said that Bassett had robbed him of eight sovereigns and a 5l. note; he did not, at that time, say what she had done with it; I took her, and as we went along sprang my rattle for more assistance; Cummins then said a man had received the purse from her and gone up-stairs; I sent two watchmen to the house, but they found nobody; I then took Bassett to the watch-house, and there Cummins described Curtain; Bassett gave me these papers; she said two men came up, and she gave the money to Michael Curtain.
Prisoner CURTAIN. Q. Did not you see me standing at the door? A. Yes; Cummins said the man had run up-stairs; I believe he was sober.


                  GRIFFITH 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a watchman. I went up, and saw Leslie with Bassett; Cummins said she had given his property to a man who had gone up-stairs; Curtain was then standing at the street-door; the prosecutor was near enough to see him.
BASSETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
CURTAIN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
