






1385. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     THRUSH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     BARROW
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of October
, a handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Robert 
                           Gardner
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERT GARDNER
               



            . I am a engraver
, and live in Carmarthen-street, Fitzroy-square. On the 8th of October, I was passing through Lombard-street


, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning - the two prisoners followed close upon me - I had passed them. I felt my handkerchief taken from my pocket - nobody but them were near enough to take it. I put my hand down, and it was gone. I seized Thrush immediately - Barrow stooped for half a minute, and then walked off. Thrush denied having it. I called out after Barrow, who ran down St. Swithin's-lane, turned into the Post-office, and I lost sight of him, as I could not get Thrush along. I saw Barrow in custody in about a minute and a half, and said,
"You have stolen my handkerchief;" he produced it from his pocket - part of it might have hung out of my pocket.


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . I am a constable. I was in Lombard-street, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I caught Barrow in the passage of the Post-office. Mr. Gardner came up with Thrush, and said
"Where is my handkerchief;" he immediately pulled it out of his pocket. I found another on him, which he said was his own.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
THRUSH'S Defence. I met this young man - we came along together; he picked the handkerchief up in Lombard-street, and the gentleman laid hold of me.
BARROW'S Defence. Thrush and I came down the street together. I picked the handkerchief up and walked away.
THRUSH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
BARROW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
