






61. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  FLYNN
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of November
, 1 sow, price 2l., and 2 pigs, price 2l.
            , the property of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Hargrave
               




            .
MARY HARGRAVE. I live at Laytonstone, on Epping-forest


. I had a sow and two store pigs on the forest; I saw them safe on Wednesday morning, the 7th of November, after ten o'clock, when they went out, and in the afternoon a woman came and told me two men were driving my pigs away.


                  GEORGE 
                  HATCHER
               



            . I live on the forest. The prosecutrix keeps the Green Man public-house, at Laytonstone. I saw the two prisoners take the pigs from the bottom of our garden, which is about a quarter of a mile from her premises, on Wednesday, the 7th of November; I saw them driving them among the bushes: some persons were coming up, and they left them - they returned again, took the pigs out, and drove them away, across Wanstead-flat, towards the Rabbits public-house, in the Ilford-road; they then crossed the road, and went on to Plaistow; I followed them, and in Plaistow I got an officer, and gave charge of them - they were both driving the pigs.


                  JAMES 
                  HAYWARD
               



            . I am an officer. Hatchard spoke to me, and I went and overtook the prisoners; Brown was then driving the pigs; Flynn was walking on the pavement, just abreast of him; I went up to Brown, and asked if they were his pigs - he said No; I asked if they were for sale; he said No, but that was his master (pointing to Flynn), who had employed him to drive them. I then asked Flynn if they were his pigs - he said, "Yes, Sir;" I said, "Are they for sale?" he said No: I said, "I suppose you are driving them to town?" he said, "Not quite to town;" he then made a stop at a shop, and pointed to something, as if inquiring the price - he came out again, and crossed the road; I crossed too, but he did not see me: he then went on, and turned up a street. I then went and took them. There was a sow and two store pigs, which Mrs. Hargrave claimed.

MRS. HARGRAVE. They were my pigs - I am certain of them.
FLYNN's Defence. I know nothing about them - I never said they were mine.
BROWN's Defence. I was hired on the Iford-road, to drive the pigs towards London, but this is not the man who hired me; I lived in my last situation nine years, at Mr. Goedchild's.
FLYNN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
