





1330. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     RIDOUT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of September
, 2 lbs. of tobacco, value 9 s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Ryder 
                     Barras
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Taylor
                  



               
            , his masters

.


                  JOHN 
                  RYDER BARRIS
               



            . I am a tobacconist
, and live in Broad-street, Bloomsbury, and am in partnership with 
               
                  John 
                  Taylor
               



            . The prisoner had been in our employ about six weeks. I delivered 2 lbs. of tobacco to him to take to 
               
                  John 
                  Griffiths
               



            , Palace-street, Pimlico on the 9th of September, he returned and we heard on the 14th that it had not been delivered, and then asked him what he had done with it; he said he gave it to a person of the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Rider
               



            , who appears to be a person he was cohabiting with, and lives in Bainbridge-street, St. Giles - we took her into custody, and she gave her name as 
               
                  Mary 
                  Lewis
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I deal with the prosecutors. I left them an order for 2 lbs. of tobacco, in the early part of September. I never received it, nor my wife either - it was the first order I had given them.


                  DANIEL 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for to take the prisoner, who was charged with stealing 2 lbs. of tobacco; there was no threat or promise held out to him; I asked him what he had done with it - he said he had left it with a young woman in Bainbridge-street - we went with him to the room where she lived; she denied any knowledge of him - we found about 1 lb. of tobacco in a cloth in her room.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
