





SECOND DAY, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 12.
1165. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  GREW
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of August
, one watch, value 2 l.; one key, value 1 d., and one ribbon, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Richardson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I am a sail-maker
, and live in Warner-street. On the 20th of August, at half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I was on Tower-wharf


 - there was a boat race. I felt my watch drawn from my fob, and found three of my waistcoat buttons unbuttoned. I looked round immediately, and saw it in the prisoner's hand - he put it in the flap of his trowsers. I took hold of his arm, and asked for it - he said he would not deliver it. He ran against another man, took it out, and it fell on the ground. I picked it up, and called Stop thief! he then hit me in the eye, and made off, but was stopped going over the wharf. He was never out of my sight.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. You say he said he would not deliver it - A. Yes. He did not say he had not got it; but that he would not deliver it. I did not strike him. I cannot be mistaken in him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  STONE
               



            . I am an officer. I heard the cry - several were running. I joined in the pursuit, and sawthe prisoner in custody of two soldiers - he denied the charge. I took him.


                  JAMES 
                  PRICE
               



            . I keep a chandler's-shop in Richard-street. I was on Tower-wharf near Mr. Richardson. I heard a scuffle, turned round, and saw the prisoner strike the prosecutor, who called Stop thief! he ran a little distance, and was taken by two soldiers.


                  KIDMAN 
                  POOL
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live in Richard-street, Commercial Road. I was on the wharf, and saw the watch fall from the prisoner, who ran away. The prosecutor called out Stop thief! and he was stopped about eight yards off. I saw the prosecutor pick up the watch.
Prisoner's Defence. When the prosecutor struck me, I was on the wharf. I was not stopped till I got over the draw-bridge, in the middle of the Tower.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
