






1030. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     NORRIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Hendry
                        




                     
                  , on the King's Highway, on the 15th of June
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 30 s.; one key, value 2 d., and one piece of ribbon, value 1 d.
            , his property.


                  ROBERT 
                  HENDRY
               



            . I live in Back-church-lane, Whitechapel. On Saturday night, the 15th of June, about ten o'clock, I was going along Whitechapel


, and saw the prisoner Williams; I believe it was him, but my eye is rather dim; he drew my watch out of my fob. There was a crowd; I called Stop thief! and he ran off.


                  JOHN 
                  SANSOM
               



            . I am patrol of Whitechapel. On Saturday night, the 15th of June, I heard a cry of Stop thief! ran across, and found Williams in the hands of Deacon, the patrol. I saw Norris standing close by him; he said it was merely a lark, that it was just a cry of Stop thief! among themselves - I took him to the watch-house; he resisted, but very little. I searched them both, but found nothing on them.


                  JOHN 
                  ARCHER
               



            . I am a butcher, and live in Spectacle-alley, Whitechapel. I heard the cry of Stop thief! Williams came running through the alley, from Whitechapel; I caught him - he fell on his knees. I gave him to the person who was pursuing him. About three hours after, as I was shutting up my shop, when my stall-board was removed, the officer said here is a watch - I looked and saw it there; it was about a yard from where Williams was stopped.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Where does the passage lead to - A. Into Church-lane from Whitechapel.


                  RICHARD 
                  DEACON
               



            . I am a patrol. I was in Whitechapel, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I crossed over, and saw Williams coming out of Spectacle-alley, in a direction from the cry; I took him. A mob were round him - he had been stopped in the alley. I took him, and saw Norris close by; he said it was only a lark.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOODING
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. I found the watch under Archer's window, close against the wall, about five minutes before one o'clock on Sunday morning.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WILLIAMS - GUILTY. Aged 19.
NORRIS - GUILTY. Aged 22.
Of 


               stealing from the person, but not with force and violence
            .





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
