





306. 
               
                  
                     DUGGAN 
                     DANIELS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, one bonnet, value 9 s., and one apron, value 6 d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Francis
                  




               
            .


                  PATIENCE 
                  FRANCIS
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Francis
               



            ; we live in Bell-yard, Drury-lane


. On the 18th of December, about half-past eleven o'clock in the morning, I was cleaning my room, and had my back towards the door, the prisoner came, and took my bonnet and apron off the box. I was turning round, saw something go out of the door, and missed them. I went to the door, and saw the prisoner with them in his hand. He said,
"Is this your bonnet?" I said Yes. He said he had lost such a bonnet as that, and was in search of it. I asked him if he had got a a search-warrant? he laughed at me - I took it from him. The lodgers came down and detained him. I ran down, and fastened the street-door. I then asked him if he knew any person in the house? he said No. The people of the house said,
"Don't let him go, for we have been robbed before, and dare say he is the person." He gave no reason for coming there. The street-door was latched, not locked.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me in the room - A. He was on the landing-place. He could not get away, for he was surrounded by women.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. My sister-in-law, who lives at Knightsbridge, was robbed of a bonnet. I was hunting for it; a woman, whom I do not know, sent me up there, and said it was there. I knocked at the door twice. I took the bonnet in my hand to look at it. It is my wife's bonnet.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
