





149. 
               
                  ALEXANDER 
                  AUSTIN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November
, 2 coats, value 20s.; a pair of shoes, value 4s., and 1 handkerchief, value 2d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Owen
               




            .
WILLIAM OWEN. I am assistant to Mr. Bowen, a surgeon
, of Hoxton-square


. The prisoner was employed to keep the accounts and mix the medicines
 - he had been there about a fortnight. On the 5th of November, between twelve and one o'clock, I went out, leaving him there (he had been apprehended there before, and absconded); he was gone when I returned - I first missed a pair of shoes, then two coats and a handkerchief, from the surgery; he was taken in about a week.


                  CHARLES 
                  BOWEN
               



            . The prisoner was my servant; he was found about a week after this transaction, at Mr. Smith's, in Barnard's Inn, and I gave him in charge - he said he had sold the coats for 5s., the shoes were on his feet, and the handkerchief in his pocket; he only said that he had no shoes to wear.
Prisoner. I said I knew nothing of the coats; I did not say I had sold them. Witness. He said he could not find the man he had sold them to.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATERS
               



            . I am an officer. I found these shoes on the prisoner's feet; he told me he knew nothing about the coats, that he had no shoes on his feet when he took them, and that his master owed him for a trial which he had been on.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The place was open - any body might take them; I had to attend a trial at the King's Bench, for which I have not been paid - I could have taken plate or any thing.
MR. BOWYER. He had absconded after robbing me,but as it was necessary I should have him as a witness, he having mixed the medicine. He can speak Latin, and writes a beautiful hand, and is a lad of considerable abilities.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
