





1195. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     INGLEBERT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing,on the 13th of May
, sixty skins of parchment, value 4 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Roberts
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           George Hitchen 
                           Furlong
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Lawrence
                        



.


                  GEORGE 
                  HITCHEN FURLONG
               



            . I am a law-stationer

, and live in Throgmorton-street, and am in partnership with 
               Geo. Roberts
            , I sent 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Lawrence
               



            , our errand boy
, (who has lived with us about two years,) on the 13th of May, with sixty skins of parchment to the printers in Fetter-lane, they were worth about 4 l.; he returned, and said they were stolen from him - I have never seen them since.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . I am thirteen years of age. On the 13th of May, I was sent by my master with some skins to Messrs. Hawkins, Printers, Fetter-lane, Holborn; I was overtaken by the prisoner - I am quite certain he is the person; he was alone - he asked if I would go into a shop for 6 d., and ask for a portmanteau for Mr. Jones - I went into the shop and left the parchment and my umbrella for him to take care of - I stopped in the shop but a minute, it was in Skinner-street


 - there was no portmanteau there, and they knew no Mr. Jones; it was a grocer's shop - when I came out he was gone. I did not see him again till I met him in Cheapside; I ran past him and saw it was him - I turned round to look at him, and he looked round too. I followed him down Queen-street and he came into Cheapside again - there was a person with him, who asked me what I wanted; I said if I knew where there was a constable, I would tell him what I wanted; the prisoner was near enough to have heard that; he then went into Newgate-street, and I met a man and asked him if he could tell me where I could get a constable; he then ran down Bagnio-court; I got a constable in Butcher-hall-lane, and he was taken in Bagnio-court; he was then taken before the Lord Mayor; the person who had been with him was gone before the constable came. I am certain the prisoner is the person, though I had not seen him from the time he took the goods till I met him in the street.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had the boy a hat on his head - A. Yes, Sir - I never saw him before: he was with me five minutes; I looked at him a great deal.
Q. How many streets did you walk together, five or six - A. Yes Sir.
Q. And are you sure he was the man - A. Else what should make him run away, Sir.


                  JOHN 
                  TRIGGEY
               



            . I am a constable - the prosecutor came to my house, and when I got to the place there were forty or fifty persons round me. I saw the prisoner and asked who gave charge of him - this lad said
"This is the man that stole some skins from me." I said
"Are you sure that is the man." he said
"Yes." I took him before the Lord Mayor, he was remanded, and on the second hearing was committed.
Prisoner's Defence. I know myself to be innocent, and leave it entirely to you.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
