





1953. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     MUNDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of September
, 10lbs. weight of ham, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Tofts
               




            .
JOHN TOFTS. I keep a cheesemonger's-shop
, in Charlton-street, Somers'-town


. On the 17th of September I went out, and when I came home at a quarter-past twelve o'clock, I heard the prisoner was at the watch-house, and the officer had the ham - I had left it safe when I went out.
Prisoner. Q. Was the ham missing from your house? A. Yes.


                  SARAH 
                  PUGH
               



            . I live in Charlton-street. I saw the prisoner take something from his apron, and throw it into Tofts' shop; I heard Mrs. Tofts cry Stop thief! and say the prisoner had stolen the ham - he ran away, and I sent my husband after him; I did not lose sight of him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me out of the house with the ham? A. Yes, with something that you threw back.


                  GEORGE 
                  BOWER
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner- he had only a halfpenny about him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you ask the woman whether I was outside the shop? A. Yes, and she said you were.
Prisoner's Defence. She said I was inside the shop all the time; I went to get a halfpenny worth of cheese, and knocked on the counter - no one came: I saw a carriage stop, and was going out to see if they wanted the horse held; a person came and said the woman wanted me - I went back to the shop, and the woman said I had taken up the ham, and put it down again, but it was upside down.


                  SARAH 
                  PUGH
               



            . He had got about a yard from the door when he turned back and threw it in.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
