





438. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  COX
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of January
, two waistcoats, value 4 s.; a pair of trowsers, value 2 s.; a pair of spurs, value 2 s.; a watch, value 20 s.; a hat, value 1 s., two sovereigns, and nine shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Clarke
               




            .
SAMUEL CLARKE. I am in the service of 
               
                  Captain 
                  Astley
               



            , and live in Tavistock-mews


. About the 11th of December I took the prisoner to help me in the stable - I kept him till the 1st of January; I had been ill, and my master told me to get some person to help me. When I got better I told him I should not want him any more, but he still slept with me. On the 1st of January he awoke me by unlocking the door; I asked where he was going; he said to Mr. Simpson's. I got out of bed to see what time it was, and my watch was gone from the chimney-piece, where I had hung it the night before - I went down stairs, but could not see him: I went back and put my clothes on, and gave information at the office - he was taken that afternoon. After I had been to the Police Office I returned, and missed a coat, two waistcoats, a pair of spurs, and the other articles stated in the indictment.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Chappel-street. The articles here produced were pawned on the 1st of January, by the prisoner, at half-past eight o'clock in the morning.


                  JAMES 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I am an officer. I was called up on the 1st of January, on an information that there had been a robbery committed - the prisoner was brought up at three o'clock in the afternoon; I searched him, and found this knife, the point of which is broken into the box, out of which the property was taken; he had this lot of boot garters, and this sealing wax on his person. The boot garters were claimed by Clarke.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am perfectly innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
