







1728. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WATSON
               




            , 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  MATTHEWS
               




            , and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BECK
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of August
, 2 bridle-bits, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Stotton
               




            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
JOHN STOTTON. I am a livery-stable keeper
, and have afarm at Finchley


. On Sunday, the 17th of August, I went to the farm from London; I had some bits in that stable, which I had used about a month before - the stable had been fastened by the man who usually does it; the next morning I heard that the window of the stable had been taken out - I went there between seven and eight o'clock and missed the bits, which I had seen two or three days before; I saw them again on the Tuesday or Wednesday following, at the watch-house, at Kentish-town - my stable window-frame and all were taken out.


                  RICHARD 
                  DAKIN
               



            . I am inspector of the watch at Kentish-town. On the morning of the 18th of August, at seven o'clock, I was standing about, after leaving duty, I saw the three prisoners pass me, near Grafton-place, coming towards London, by the road from Finchley - I stopped Matthews first, with this green bag; I found these two bits in it - I asked where he got them, he said he had been in the country for them; a gentleman had sent him for them - I left him in custody at a public-house and went after the other two; I took them and found this chisel concealed down Watson's overalls - they had both some apples about them: the other two had got about one hundred yards on before I took them; they were walking - the same bits were shewn to Mr. Stotton on the Tuesday, I think it was - I went to Finchley and fitted this chisel to the window; it corresponded with the marks exactly, and I have no doubt it had been used to break it open - there was some pitch on the window and there is some of it on the chisel - these are the bits.


                  JOHN 
                  STOTTON
               



            . These are my bits; they had been attached to a harness in the stable, but had not been used for some time.
WATSON's Defence. I had been to look for work - I picked up this chisel on the road; I know nothing of the other prisoners.
MATTHEWS's Defence. I had been in the country, and went under a hed ge, where I found the bag wrapped up - I looked round and saw no one and brought it away: the other prisoners overtook me near Kentish-town.
BECK's Defence. I had been to Highgate to my brother- as I was coming along, Watson asked me a few questions; the constable then came and stopped Matthews, he then came after us and took us - I had four apples, which I intended to give to my brother's children.
WATSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.
MATTHEWS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BECK - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
