





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
496. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     OAKLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Seabrook
                        




                     
                  , on the night of the 19th of August
, and stealing nineteen live tame ducks, value 27 s.
            , his property.
MR. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  SKABROOK
               



            . I keep the Aberdeen Arms, public-house, at Great Stanmore. In August last, I had nineteen ducks in a small place under my dwelling-house, which had been used as a harness-room; the door opens into the stable-yard; there is a bed-room over it. It was secured by a latch, staple, hasp, and pin; it could be opened outside by taking out the pin. They were stolen one night, about the middle of August. I have not found them.
Cross-examined. Q. You cannot say on what day - A. No; there is a wall round the yard, and gates at each end, which were shut.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHENIES
               



            . I had the care of the ducks, and fastened them up about five o'clock; and about eight o'clock next morning I found the door open, and the ducks gone.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not go to look for them till the next morning - A. No; the gates are shut about ten o'clock at night.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I have known the prisoner seven or eight years - he lived at Stanmore, and is a rat-catcher. I went with him one night, just before harvest, about eleven o'clock, to Mr. Seabrook's - we lodged just opposite there. We took nineteen ducks from the house adjoining the dwelling-house - it was fastened with a latch and staple. We killed and put them into two bags, and carried them away - the bags belonged to the prisoner. We took them to Worrall's, at Edgware; he would not buy them with the feathers on; we carried them away and concealed them in a hedge, and left seventeen of themthere till the next night, and took the other two home unpicked. Mrs. Clark dressed them for us - she picked them. We went at night, got the seventeen, and Worrall gave us 6 s. for them.
Cross-examined. Q. When did you first tell this story - A. Three or four months afterwards, to Mr. Wadlington, the Magistrate. I was taken up for stealing a hare, and kept four days; was then taken to Clerkenwell prison for six weeks. I mentioned about the ducks four days after I was taken. I saw the prisoner at St. Alban's gaol; I was to have been a witness against him there, but the Grand Jury threw out the bill.
Q. Do you remember telling the prisoner, that as the evidence was not enough for him there, you would do for him in London - A. I never said such a word. Worrall lives about two miles from Seabrook's. We got to Stanmore-marsh about three o'clock.


                  SUSAN 
                  CLARK
               



            . I live at Stanmore. In August last Oakley and Thompson lodged with me. I do not remember their bringing anything home. I picked and dressed two ducks; I do not know who brought them. I heard of this robbery two or three days after.


                  RICHARD 
                  POTTER
               



            . I am a constable. Worrall has been tried here, and is under sentence of transportation. I went to his house when he was in custody, and found twelve ducks hid in a dung heap quite putrid; it was about the first week in October.
Cross-examined. Q. Could you count them - A. I counted twelve, and there were parts of others. He told me he had buried them there, and that the prisoner brought them there; they were covered with straw, not with dung.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADLINGTON
               



            , ESQ. I am Magistrate of Hertford. Oskley was brought before me on the 25th of October. Before I committed him he said that he had a communication to make to me, respecting other offences. I cautioned him against criminating himself; and took down what he said, (reads) -
"I and Thompson took Seabrooks' ducks; we took them to Worrall, and got 5 s. for them; there was about seventeen I think; it was in 
               August.
             I and Thompson also stole some copper from Seabrook's about six weeks before, and sold it to Worrall. The door of the place where the ducks were was not locked."
Prisoner's Defence. That confession I never made. I was put into the cage, and in the morning a man came and gave me half-a-pint of rum and some beer, and told me Worrall had been saying that I had done different things; and if I ever confessed to it I was in liquor.
MR. WADLINGTON. He made this statement before twelve o'clock in the morning: and seemed to have his senses completely about him. I read it over to him, and he said
"Have you taken down Sir, that the door was not fastened, because it was no burglary."
GUILTY. Aged 49.




               Of Larceny only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
