





203. 
               
                  ELEANOR 
                  THOMPSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of January
, a sovereign and four shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        Frederick 
                        Mappen
                     




                  , from his person
            .
FREDERICK MAPPEN. I live at No. 13, Rose-street, Long-acre, and am a file-cutter
. On the 1st of January, about ten minutes before nine o'clock in the evening, I was in St. Martin's-lane


 - my money was in my coat pocket - I was quite sober; I stopped to buy some nuts, and the prisoner saw me pull my money out of my pocket - I had never seen her before. I had 1 l. 10 s. 3 d. She came up in about two minutes, took me by the collar, and asked me to give her some gin - I endeavoured to get rid of her, but she kept hold of my collar. I then felt her hand in my coat pocket - she took the money out and ran up Star and Garter-court - I followed, and laid hold of her, and she flung down 3 s. 6 d. and said,
"That is all your money that I have got;" I called the watchman, who took her. I had not offered to join her company - there was 4 s. more found on her, but the sovereign has not been found - we heard it drop but could not find it.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you offer to give me 3 d. to go up the court with you? A. No, I did not.


                  ISAAC 
                  PYKE
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, and charged with stealing this money - she denied it - I searched her; she said what she had about her she had got for work; she did not say the prosecutor had offered her 3 d.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROTTENBURY
               



            . I am a watchman. The prosecutor charged the prisoner with having robbed him. I heard some money drop; we went with a candle and lantern and found the silver, but not the sovereign; there were several other persons about the place.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been at work, and this man came up and said he would give me 3 d. to go up the court; I said there were some persons about; he then came after me, and said he would give me 3 d. more to go up the court - we did so, and he took out his money and dropped it himself.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 41.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
