





472. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CROSBY
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 2d of February
, at Acton


, about ten o'clock in the night, feloniously did pluck up 56 shrubs, value 2 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Watts
                        




                     
                  , and standing growing, and being in a certain nursery-ground of his, against the statute
            .
SECOND COUNT, for stealing the said shrubs.


                  DAVID 
                  WATTS
               



            . I am a nurseryman
, and live at Acton. On the 2d of February, I was at work at the border of my garden, where some Sweedish juniper-plants had been growing for three years, and a little after five o'clock in the evening as I left work I passed them again; my man observed to me what fine plants they were - there were twelve or fourteen of them. Next morning at eight o'clock I went to the same place, and missed them all, they had been plucked up, and taken away with a quantity of others. There were footmarks across the fresh mould, which had been dug the day before, clear from the hedge to where the junipers grew. Next day two officers came, and enquired if I had lost any plants; I said I had lost junipers; they took me to Mr. Lees, at Hammersmith, where I saw my plants - there were junipers, hollies, and arbavites, which were all mine. I have known the prisoner ten years, he is a gardener, and lived with Mr. White, just opposite my garden.


                  JOHN 
                  COOK
               



            . On Friday evening, the 2d of February, my master and I were going from work; the junipers were then safe; next morning I missed them.
THOMAS FLOOKER. I am a patrol. On the 2d of February, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, I met the prisoner on the Kensington-road with a sack containing these plants; he said he picked it up in the road near Brentford. I detained him, and found the owner.


                  DAVID 
                  WATTS
               



             re-examined. I can swear to them all; I grew them and grafted them; other people always bud their's.
Prisoner's Defence. He told the Magistrate they might be his. I came from Brentford about eight o'clock at night, and just below Turnham-green I picked them up; a gentleman came by, and said he supposed it was a parcel, which had fallen from a cart, and advised me to take it to the green-yard.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 58.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
