






THIRD DAY, FRIDAY, JANUARY 14.
246. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WALTERS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of December
, one coat, value 30 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Jeggins
                  




               
            .
MR. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  JEGGINS
               



            . I am an assistant at a school
. On Monday, the 20th of December, I lost my coat from Mr. Pimlett's, No 37, Spencer-street


. Between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, I was sitting in the parlour, and heard a knock at the door; the servant not being in the way, a child about four years old, opened it, and brought two or three apples in, saying, they were three dozen for 14 d., or 1 s. - he went out again, being told none were wanted. Not shutting the door, the lady with whom I was sitting went out, and shortly after she called me; I went and found my great coat had been taken. I ran out, pursued Morris by the direction I had given to me, and found him in the custody of Mr. Buckler, with the coat. Walters stood at the door with a sieve of apples.
MRS. 
               
                  MARY 
                  MACKEY
               



            . I was sitting in the parlour with Mr. Jeggins, and heard a knock; a child about six years old answered the door. I heard a voice say,
"Do you want any apples?" The child said No, shut the door, and came in. In about five minutes there was another knock, and a child about four years old opened the door. I heard a voice say,
"Here are three dozen for 14 d." The child brought two into me, and I said,
"We don't want any, take them to the boy, and shut the door." At that moment I heard the child say,
"Adone, don't take my father's coat." I went out, missed the coat, and saw the prisoner, Walters, at the door with the apples, and asked him if he saw any one take it? Instead of answering me, he said,
"Do you want any apples, Ma'am?" I wished to pass into the street, but he put his sieve of apples before me to prevent me. I again asked him if he saw any one take it? He said,
"Yes, but I am innocent, I know nothing of it." He appeared agitated. I detained him, thinking him guilty, and called Mr. Jeggins; Mr. Buckler pursued the boy towards Goswell-street, by my direction. I said to Walters,
"If you are innocent, I shall detain you until the boy is brought back." I saw a boy running, in appearance and statue like Morris.


                  HENRY 
                  BUCKLER
               



            . I heard the alarm of the coat being stolen. Mrs. Mackey directed me the way the boy had run, and I pursued him across Goswell-street-road into Pepper's-gardens - the coat was picked up by Cooper, and given to me; Morris was brought back to me in custody. On my return I found Walters was detained, and questioned him about it. He said he saw Morris take the coat, but did not know why he did not stop him. He afterwards said it was a taller boy than Morris that took it. The coat hung quite at the farther end of the passage from the door.


                  JAMES 
                  COOPER
               



            . I was crossing Pepper's-gardens, and saw Morris running with a blue coat under his arm - he nearly knocked me down; soon after there was a cry of Stop thief! upon which he threw the coat down, and I picked it up. A butcher secured him - I am sure he is the boy.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MORRIS'S Defence. As I was going along Goswell-street, a young man was coming along, and dropped the coat. I hallooed after him, and said,
"You have dropped the coat," He said,
"Never mind, you may have it." I heard a cry of Stop thief soon after, and a butcher stopped me. I said I picked it up.
WALTER'S Defence. I am innocent.
MORRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
WALTERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
