





908. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of March
, 1 cloak, value 7s.; 1 gown, value 1s.; 2 petticoats, value 1s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 1s., and 1 cap, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Nelder
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  NELDER
               



            . I am single
, and lodge in Zion-terrace, Brunswick-square


; the prisoner lodged in the back parlour. On the 28th of February I lost these articles; the prisoner had been there from the Saturday before, and went away on Saturday - I missed my cloak first, and the other things on the Tuesday following; they had been in my room - the prisoner was taken at her mother's in about a fortnight; I had known her before, but she was no particular friend of mine - I was in the front parlour when she went away.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MOUNTSTEPHENS
               



            . I heard of the robbery, and found the prisoner at No. 19, St. Helena-place, Spafields, about eleven days after she had taken the things; this gown, cap, and shoes, were on her person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COOMBS
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr Fleming, a pawnbroker; the prisoner pawned a cloak, but it was redeemed the day afterwards.


                  HENRY 
                  HAYES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Goswell-street. I have a white petticoat; the prisoner pawned at our house, and I think she pawned this; it is in the name of Miller, in which name she always pawned - I do not think we have another person who pawns in that name.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's. She is a girl of the town; she gave me these things when she was in bed.
The prisoner then put in a written defence, stating that the prosecutrix had sent her to pledge the property to procure victuals for them both.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  NELDER
               



            . Upon my solemn oath I never permitted her to pawn any thing of mine; we were not on intimate terms - we have taken something to eat together; I am under the protection of a gentleman.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
