





849. 
               
                  TIMOTHY 
                  DONOVAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of March
, 2 seals, value 20s., and 1 watch-key, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Henny
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN HENNY. I am a gentleman's servant
. I came to London on the morning of the 22d of March; I was under the Piazza of Covent-garden


 between eleven and twelve o'clock that night, and was going home to my lodging, in Brydges-street, Covent-garden - I had been with a friend. I met the prisoner under the Piazza; he came up to me, and snatched at my watch; the chain broke, and he took the two seals, the key and ring. I picked up one of the rings, and the officer the other; he made off across Covent-garden, and was stopped there - he was not out of my sight. I did not see him drop the seals, but I picked up one at his feet; I am satisfied he is the man who took them - I only lost sight of him while he passed the pillar.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Where had you been spending your day? A. At different places; I had had two glasses of porter, and a share of two bottles of wine, between four or five of us, after dinner; I had not taken any supper - I considered myself sober; it was the act of an instant - he passed round one of the columns,and between the coaches. I did not produce my watch before the Magistrate, but I showed the ring and seals.


                  GEORGE 
                  BLACKMAN
               



            . I am an officer. I was on duty between eleven and twelve o'clock - I saw the prisoner run from the Piazza, through the rank of coaches, into the carriage-way, where I was standing; I secured him, and heard something fall on the stones. Wilson came up at the time, and I gave the prisoner to him; I picked up this seal and ring - the prosecutor appeared quite sober.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see it drop? A. No, I heard it - there was not a strong light; it was a very boisterous night, and the gas did not burn strong. I searched him, and only found a handkerchief on him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am an officer. I was on duty there; I was called, and took hold of the prisoner - I saw him throw something on the ground, which I believe was these two seals, ring, and key. I saw the prosecutor pick up one seal, and Blackman picked up the others - I saw the prisoner run into Blackman's arms.
Prisoner's Defence. He only told the Magistrate that he followed me, but did not say he saw me throw them down.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
