





305. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CLIFTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of January
, 1 pair of blankets, value 6s.; 1 pair of sheets, value 2s. 6d.; 1 knife, value 1d., and 1 glass, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Owen 
                           Kelly
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  JOHANNA 
                  KELLY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Owen 
                  Kelly
               



             - we live in Holborn-place, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn


. On the 3d of January, the prisoner took our second floor, front room, furnished, at 5s. a week - this property was let with the room. She said she had come from Brentford to receive a legacy. I went out about ten o'clock in the morning of the 6th of January - I returned about eleven, and found her in custody; I missed these articles - I never gave her leave to take them. I found this note in my table-drawer (note read).
MADAM, - I am sorry to say I have had a letter, and must go to Bath before I can get any money. I have no money left, and am forced to pawn your sheets and blankets to get money to go down - I did not like to ask you for money, or I would have done it before you went out. I will send you the tickets, and money to redeem them, and also my rent, on Saturday; and most heartily wish you health and happiness. 
               M. CLIFTON
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was given into my charge about a hundred and fifty yards from Kelly's house - Kelly's husband brought the blankets and sheets to me, and charged the prisoner with taking them, which she acknowledged, and said that she meant to pawn them and redeem them again, and that she had left a note to that effect.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in distress - I intended going to Bath, and to send her the money to redeem them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
