






1685. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     RYAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of August, 21/2lbs. weight of hair, value 7s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Caleb Welch 
                     Collins
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Wells
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen
            .
MR. PRENDERGAST conducted the prosecution.


                  CALEB 
                  WELCH COLLINS
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  Richard 
                  Wells
               



            ; we are horse-hair merchants

, and live in Chancery-lane; Ryan was our porter
. In consequence of an anonymous letter I watched him, and about a quarter past nine o'clock, on the 15th of August, I saw the prisoner Jones come in, and when he went out, I followed him, and asked what he had been to the warehouse for; he said he had got a little hair; I asked how much; he seemed confused, and said about a pound or half a pound: I took him into the counting-house, and asked him what he paid for it; he seemed confused, and said Ryan could tell what he paid for it; I called Ryan, who said 18d.: I had the hair weighed, and it was 2lbs. 10ozs., the value of which is 7s. 6d. I told Ryan he must be a very bad man to deliver so much hair at such a price: he said it was a mistake altogether; I said I could not look it over, and got an officer - I had seen nothing take place between the prisoners in the shop; Ryan entreated forgiveness, and said it was his first offence.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Then Jones went into the house? A. Yes; Riley said it was his first offence, and that he had done wrong - I do not recollect his saying it was a mistake - he had lived seventeen years with us, and bore a very good character.


                  THOMAS 
                  WRIGHT WELLS
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Wells
               



            . I went down and asked Ryan how much he had received of Jones; he seemed confused, and said 18d.; after some time he gave it to me - he turned his back; I do not know whether he took it from his jacket pocket; I had seen Jones come in, but saw nothing pass between them - they went into the wareroom together.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you say any thing to Ryan? A. I said, "Why did not you take more than 1s. 6d.?" he said it was the first time.
JONES' Defence. I went to purchase some hair; Ryan asked how much I wanted; I said about half-a-pound; he said, "I am in a hurry," and, looking at this bundle, said, "I dare say this will be half-a-pound; get your money, and I will take it into the counting-house."
RYAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Confined One Year
            .
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 59.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
