





Before Mr. Justice Gazelee.
1562. 
               
                  ANN 
                  STERLING
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Jane 
                        Dyckhoff
                     



                  , on the 18th of June
, and stealing therein, 1 pair of trousers, value 10s., and 2 coats, value 50s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Holland
               



            .
JANE DYCKHOFF. I live in Cornwall-street


, and rent the house; I am a widow
. Francis Holland lodged in my back room; he belongs to the Custom-house
 - he left about the middle or latter end of June, leaving his clothes in my care; I put them all away one Monday - I put two of his waistcoats in the second drawer, his coats and trousers in the first drawer, and his linen in the third - I did not lock the drawers, but locked the room door and kept the key in my room, by the side of the fire-place; I missed none of them till he came home and went to clean himself - I then looked into his drawer and all his things were gone; he had come home to change himself on Sunday, but did not stop five minutes: I put his clothes to rights on Monday, and in four or five days he came home again; I gave him the key and told him he had been robbed - as I had gone up to his room on the Wednesday or Thursday, to hang some clothes to dry, I found his door locked; I opened the drawer to put some things away and missed a pair of trousers, two waistcoats, one close coat and one top coat; I came down stairs and said I had been robbed - the prisoner had lodged in my front room for a month and had left me just a week when I discovered the loss; she was in the place when I put the clothes away - I saw her in custody about four days afterwards - we found all the things in pawn; I found the door locked as I had left it, and the key in its place - I had never missed the key.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANDERTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in the Commercial-road. On the 27th of June, the prisoner pawned a coat with me for 1l. 1s. in the name of Ann Biggs; I do not think I ever saw her before, but have no doubt of her being the woman. I asked her whose it was, she said it belonged to her husband; it is worth 30s. and has been in my possession ever since.


                  SEARLE 
                  WHITLOW
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Anderton. On the 18th of June the prisoner pawned a pair of trousersfor 7s. in the name of Ann Biggs - I know her to be the person; on the 25th of June she pawned the coat for 1l. in the same name; I do not recollect that I asked her whose they were; I have had possession of them ever since - she has been a constant customer at our shop, and described herself as living in Samuel-street, which is about five minutes walk from the prosecutrix's.


                  FRANCIS 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . I lodged in Cornwall-street. I left home on the 19th or 20th of June, and came home on the Thursday following - went away again and stopped for a week - when I came home I heard I was robbed; I know all these clothes to be mine - I found them in pawn; I was not at home on the 27th of June.


                  JANE 
                  DYCKHOFF
               



            . I know these clothes to be what I put away - this coat laid at the top of the rest.
The prisoner put in a written defence, pleading distress, stating that she had neither pawned nor stolen the things, although she unfortunately knew something of the person who had, and that she had been deserted by her husband.


                  JANE 
                  DYCKHOFF
               



            . She lived with me about two months; she said her her husband was coming on the Saturday night, but he never came; she has a husband who allows her 8s. a week.
GUILTY. Aged 27.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
