






529. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     CAPS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     CALLAHAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of February
, one watch, value 15 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hatherton
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. PRENDERGAST conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HATHERSTON
               



            . On Saturday night, the 17th of February, about half-past twelve o'clock, my business caused me to be in Clare-market. I was coming home, and was going into a public-house in Drury-lane


, near the burial ground, to get a pint of beer; the two prisoners came towards me, and as Caps passed, he seized my watch-chain, and took it out. I seized him and called to the watch, Callahan came to his assistance, and got him from me. I then seized Callahan, he pulled me across the road, and as I was calling Watch! he called to Caps for assistance, and said,
"Don't go away," Caps, then came and joined him. I was contending with them both, they got off, and my wife and myself called out Watch! the constable came up and rushed among the crowd, and took me into a shop - I was bleeding, I said I should know the man again, and went to look for them in Queen-street, and on coming into Drury-lane, Jones pointed over the way; I saw Caps run over, I said,
"That is the man who robbed me." Callahan was taken the same night in Drury-lane, about one o'clock - I am certain they are the men.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. What are you - A. I buy bread of bakers, and carry it about to sell - I deal with several people. Sir Richard Birnie examined me twice on this business.

Q. Did not Sir 
               
                  Richard 
                  Birnie
               



             say
"I do not like your story, why not call out that you were robbed, instead of not speaking till the watchman came?" He did, and asked me to bring somebody to confirm my story.
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You did not take the witnesses who are now to be examined - A. They went to Marlborough-street by mistake, and when they got to Bow-street, it was too late.


                  DAVID 
                  JONES
               



            . On Saturday night, between twelve and one o'clock, I was in Drury lane, and saw the prosecutor holding Callahan, who was striking him; Caps was standing by, they came into the middle of the street, when Caps seized the prosecutor and turned him on one side - the prosecutor kept calling for the watchman all the time. They got on the pavement, and the prosecutor seized Caps again, but they escaped, and went down Stewards rents; I followed them, but not knowing the man was robbed, I turned back. After hearing he was robbed, I went after them, and in Wild-street I saw Caps; he saw me, and went into Little Wild-street, then took to his heels and ran off - I followed him across Queen-street, into Drury-lane, and then turned back; the prosecutor and constable then came up - I pointed him out, and the prosecutor said
"That is one of the men who robbed me."
Cross-examined. Q. What are you - A. A tailor. I did not know the prosecutor, he had cried Watch! but not Stop thief! when the watchman came up, he said,
"I have been robbed of my watch." I said,
"It is odd you should fight with the man so long, and not say you was robbed." Caps ran away as soon as he came.


                  JOHN 
                  ELSWORTH
               



            . I am a constable of St. Giles's. About twenty minutes after twelve o'clock, I was going to bed, but heard a violent cry of
"Watch! Watch! I will not let him go;" considering that there was a watchman near, I did not go out immediately; but as the cry continued, I went and found the prosecutor covered with blood - I took him into a baker's shop, he said he had lost his watch. The people were complaining that no watchman was to be found, there ought to have been three near the spot. As soon as I got up, there was a rush down Stewarts-rents; I ran round into Wild-street, and Drury-lane, and just at the corner, the prosecutor ran across, and stopped Caps, who was going towards Broad-court, he said,
"This is the man," I immediately collared him, and said,
"Harry, it is you." The prosecutor said he should know the other man, and Bartlett said he had seen a man with Caps, who he knew; a person fetched us to the corner of Clare-court, where Bartlett took Callahan; he said to Bartlett,
"I'll go with you, you have been a friend to me, if I had taken your advice, I should not have been in this."
Cross-examined. Q. The prosecutor said he was ill used - A. Yes. I asked if he had lost any thing, he said his watch; he was confused. The people thought it was a fight.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I am a street-keeper. I saw Elsworth having Caps in custody - the prosecutor said he was concerned in robbing him of his watch; he described the other man; I said I thought I knew him, and went down Clare-court, and saw Callahan, I secured him, and said,
"Caps is in custody, charged with a robbery, with you;" he said,
"Bartlett if I had taken your advice, and gone home, this would not have happened."
Cross-examined. Q. How far is the burial ground from Broad-court - A. Thirty or forty yards. Callahan was all over dirt. Sir R. Birnie said the prosecutor's wife need not come here.


                  PHILIP 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a patrol. On Sunday morning, I saw the prosecutor turning out of a public-house, in Drury-lane - I heard of this affair, and saw Caps in Broad-court, the prosecutor said,
"That is one of them," he said that he had nothing to do with it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a patten maker, and live in Wych-street. I was coming down Drury-lane, and by the burial ground, I saw the prosecutor and Callahan wrestling, he got away; Caps came between them, and forced them, apart and both ran down the court - I went with the constable after them round Wild-street; he went over the way and collared Caps. I went with them to the watch-house, and saw Callahan standing near Clare-court - I knew him directly, and pointed him out; I had heard the prosecutor calling out,
"Watch! You shall not go;" they were struggling together - Callahan said nothing when he was taken.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear him charged with a robbery - A. No. The impression on my mind was that it was a robbery. The prosecutor was holding the man, not fighting with him. Elsworth came up just as the men got away.
CAPS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
CALLAHAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
