





385. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JAMES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of February
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Miller
                        




                     
                  , two 1 l. Bank notes, his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am a seaman
 belonging to Glasgow. On the 18th of February, about four o'clock, I received two 1 l. notes at an office in Doctor's Commons; I put them into a canvass purse in my jacket-pocket. I was with Thompson, and told him I had lost them; the prisoner was before me. He turned back, and said,
"Do you say I have got your money?" I said,
"I don't know, but there was nobody in the office but you" - he was in the office when I received it; he scratched my face. I turned back to see if I had dropped it in the office, but could not find it; he was secured while I was gone. I had noticed Nos. 2 and 4, on the notes when I took them - he was quite a stranger.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a seaman, and was with Miller; he received his money, and I saw him put two notes into a bag, and put the bag into his pocket in a public-house - the prisoner stood close by us at the time - he was a stranger. In about five minutes Miller said he had lost his money. I told the prisoner that Miller had lost his money, and blamed him for it, as nobody but him was near enough to take it. The prisoner went forward, sworeat him, pushed him about, and struck him in the face. I advised Miller to go back, and see if he had dropped it, and he went; I saw the prisoner throw away a small canvass bag, and then put his hand to his breeches-pocket. I seized him, and called for assistance; he pulled his hand out, and put some paper into his mouth, then dropped it - it was two 1 l. notes. He was secured.


                  JOHN 
                  COMBS
               



            , ESQ. I live in Cloak-lane. I was coming down Dowgate-hill between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, and saw several people wrangling; Thompson desired me to come and take the part of a poor sailor; he said the prisoner had put two pieces of paper into his mouth - he was in the custody of several carmen. I said
"You had better give the man his money, or I will give you in charge" - he made no answer. I told the men to take him to the constable's, which was done; he struggled to get away. One of the carmen said it was in his mouth, seized his throat, and I saw him disgorge the two 1 l. notes.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COVERLEY
               



            . I am a constable. Mr. Combs gave me the notes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MILLER
               



             re-examined. They are the two notes, and have the Nos. 4 and 2 on them.
Prisoner's Defence. I was much in liquor, and recollect nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
