





1780. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of July
, 1 clock, value 40s., and 24 pencils, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Young
                     



                  , and another; 1 seal, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Young
                     



                  , and 1 silver pencil-case, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George Alexander 
                  Young
               



            .
GEORGE ALEXANDER YOUNG. I live in Eagle-street, Red Lion-square


, and am a builder
; it is a counting-house and warehouse, but no one sleeps there. On the 15th of July when I went there, soon after six o'clock in the morning, I found the desks and cupboards open, and a window open in the shop, and the clock was missing; I looked about some time, and as I was coming out, about seven o'clock, one of my men called out that he had found the thief; he then turned the prisoner up from a mortar-shed; I knew him - he had been in my employ two years ago.


                  JOSEPH 
                  KENT
               



            . I received information, and went to the premises; I found the gates had been unfastened from the wood; I looked about, and found the clock and seal in a hole behind the gate.


                  CHRISTIAN 
                  PARGES
               



            . I am constable of the night; about twelve o'clock the property was brought in, and we went to the yard, but could not find the prisoner - here is a seal, a pencil-case, and two knives, which were found under where the prisoner was.


                  STEPHEN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I work on the premises. I found the prisoner in a dark vault, about seven o'clock in the morning - he was lying down: I got him out, and found those things under where he had been.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to the play, and it was over late; I walked about all night, and went down that place, and there they found me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
