





1375. 
               
                  
                     WALTER 
                     NEARY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of September
, two wooden chests, value 2 s., and 38 lbs. of tea, value 48 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Clayton
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  FINCH
               



            . I am a servant to 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Clayton
               



            , who live at Barnet, and is a farmer
. On the 2d of September came to town, in one of his carts, and was going home with five chests of tea, which I received from Messrs. Bedwell, of Charter-house-lane, and was to take home to master - theprisoner came to me on the top of Snow-hill, about twenty minutes to three o'clock, and told me to stop, for he had come from Mr. Bedwell; that I was to deliver him two of the chests, and he would give me two more in exchange; he said, his master had another warehouse in George-yard, Snow-hill


 - he took out two chests, and took them down George-yard. I waited a quarter of an hour, and as he did not come, I went into a warehouse in the yard, but could not find him - I saw him again next day, and am sure he is the man.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. What is your master - A. A hay farmer
; but he acts as carrier
; the tea was for Mr. Hopworth - I had an order to fetch it. I found it was an iron warehouse up George-yard - I did not doubt about the prisoner's person at Guild-hall; I only looked at him, and knew him directly.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OAKLEY
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Bedwell and Yates. I delivered five chests of tea, to Finch on the 2d of September, to be delivered for 
               
                  John 
                  Hopworth
               



             of Barnet, by a written order - we usually sent it by Clayton's cart. I have not seen the tea since; we did not send the prisoner for it.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I apprehended the prisoner on the 3d of September, in Grub-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I am an officer. Field described two persons to me very minutely; I recollected seeing such persons in St. John-street, watching carts. I went next morning with him, and he identified the prisoner, who was there without his coat; he was desired to put it on, and then he had no doubt of him.
Cross-examined. Q. Do not you know that there was placards about, describing the person - A. There was some out after he was taken, offering a reward of 10 l., on conviction. I heard of the reward before I went to take him; I should have gone before, but I waited for Field to come and identify him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 52.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
