





398. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PUDDY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        Hugh 
                        Richardson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
HUGH RICHARDSON. I am a coal-merchant
. On the 27th of December I was in Holborn-court


, about half-past eleven o'clock in the forenoon; I had a silk handkerchief - I did not miss it till the witness told me of it pointed out three lads that were running; I pursued them, calling out Stop thief! and the prisoner dropped the handkerchief - I saw the officer stoop to pick it up, but it was taken by a little boy; the prisoner and one of his accomplices were taken - I am sure the prisoner dropped it.


                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               



            . I was in Holborn-court - I saw the prisoner pick the prosecutor's pocket; there were two other lads with him, but he took it, and I saw him drop it.


                  CHARLES 
                  THOROWGOOD
               



            . I was passing down to Holborn, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I took the prisoner - a little boy picked up the handkerchief.
Prisoner's Defence. (Written.) I was going home, running down Southampton-buildings; a short distance from the top of the street, a young man (running in the same direction that I was) as he passed me, slyly pushed something into my hand folded in a very small compass, which on opening I found to be a pocket-handkerchief; I directly threw it down, still continuing to run as before, until hearing the cry of Stop thief, I halted to ascertain who they were in pursuit of, and I, together with the young man who gave me the handkerchief were immediately taken and charged with the theft; but upon the witness, who has given his evidence against me, pointing me out as the thief, the other young man was suffered to escape - I solemnly declare that I never saw the young man who gave it to me before.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
