







1047. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BRACER
               




            , 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BLOOMFIELD
               




            , and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  ROBINSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Croom
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH CROOM. I live at the Sussex-hotel. Bouverie-street. On the 24th of April, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I was walking with a friend towards Cheapside, and had a handkerchief in my pocket; nearly opposite St. Martin's church, Ludgate-hill


, I felt a pull at my pocket - I immediately turned round, and laid hold of the three prisoners, who were all close together, and close behind me; I had not noticed them before. My handkerchief was found in the back of Robinson's coat, near his collar; I held them till the constable came - Robinson got from me for a minute, but a gentleman brought him back, and my handkerchief was found on him.


                  JOHN 
                  SHIELDS
               



            . I am a constable. I was on Ludgatehill, and as I passed Mr. Croom I saw a crowd - he asked if I was an officer, and gave charge of the three prisoners,whom he had in his hands. The handkerchief was produced and sworn to at Guildhall.(Property produced and sworn to.)
ROBINSON's Defence. I was returning home, and saw a crowd before me; as soon as I got into the crowd I saw the handkerchief, and picked it up - I held it behind me; these boys were in custody; the gentleman laid hold of me, and said it was his.
BRACER's Defence. I never saw this lad before - I was going to Billingsgate, to inquire how eels were.
BLOOMFIELD's Defence. I was going with Bracer, to see the price of eels.
Two witnesses gave Robinson a good character.
BRACER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
BLOOMFIELD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Life
            .
ROBINSON - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
