





1480. 
               
                  PATRICK 
                  HESKINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of June
, 9 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        George 
                        Johnson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
GEORGE JOHNSON. On the 9th of June, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was at a public-house in White Lion-street


; I do not know the sign - I went with an acquaintance to treat him; we had something to drink - a young woman came in, and asked for something; which I gave her - I then bought a pipe of tobacco; a woman came out of the long room, and asked me to give her something to drink - I said, I had got no money; she then asked me to change her half a crown - I said, I had no money, but she pushed it into my hand; I took 3s. out of my pocket, and said, "I will give you change;" the young woman then said, "You shall not give her change;" "Very well," said I; a man then came out of the long room, whom I took to be lame - he snapped the pipe out of my mouth; I said, "What did you do that for?" he then struck me with a stick - my hat fell off, and the girl took it up; two other men then came out of the room - I made towards the man who had struck me; three of them then seized me, and shoved me out of the door; I then felt a man's hand in my breeches pocket, where I had 9s.; I came into the house again, and said to the landlord, "I think it very hard to come to your house to spend my money, and to be robbed of it;" the landlord came out and took me by the collar - these men came out of the long room again, and put me out at the door; I then felt a man put his hand into my pocket again - I could not see who it was; I came into the house again and the officers had seized the prisoner, and asked me what was the matter - I made them no answer as I was in a flurry; I did not know where my hat was, and the officers told me to go with them - I went to the office, where the prisoner was carried; I had lost my money, and my pocket was turned inside out - I cannot swear to the prisoner being there, because I did not take notice of any man, except the one who broke the pipe from my mouth; I lost two half-crowns, and 4s. from my pocket, and have never got a copper of it back; they were all strangers to me - I do not know that I was ever in the house before.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you say I was not the man? A. No.
COURT. Q. What time did you lose your money? A. About twenty minutes before six o'clock.


                  EDWARD 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. At twenty minutes past eleven o'clock that night I went toMr. Colson's, the White Lion public-house, White Lionsquare, Whitechapel; I saw the prosecutor standing in a mob, and I saw the prisoner take his hand out of his pocket - a lame man was in company with him, who got away then, but he has since been committed for three months; I called my brother officer, and we took the prisoner into custody - I am certain he is the man who had his hand in the prosecutor's pocket; I charged him with it at the moment - I think I saw something pass from the prisoner to the lame man: the prosecutor gave the same account at the office, as he has now.
Prisoner. Q. When you saw me take my hand out of the pocket, why did you not seize me? A. I did, and charged you at the moment, but did not search you.


                  GEORGE 
                  JOHNSON
               



             re-examined. I went to the house at five o'clock, and had my pipe knocked out of my hand, when I had been there about half an hour; it was not more than three or four minutes before the officer came in, that I had my pockets turned out.


                  CHARLES 
                  COOKE
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Moore - we were passing the house at twenty minutes past eleven o'clock, and heard a disturbance; we went and saw the landlord and several persons turn the prosecutor out; he said he would have satisfaction and was going to play the dence with them - I could not get out of him what it was; he said they had robbed him - I said "Look round and see if you can see the party;" he said he could not see the person - my partner came up and said "I saw this man take his hand out of his pocket," I said "If you saw him, take him into custody;" he did so; there were one or two more suspicious characters - we went after them, but they got away; I took the prosecutor to the office and found 4s. 8d. on the prisoner.
COURT to 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . Q. Was your money all secure when you were in the public-house? A. Yes - I felt it when I put my hand into my pocket to give change.
Prisoner's Defence. At eleven o'clock at night, I went to the house to have something to drink; I saw this man quarrelling with some young women and some other persons - he was turned out and came in again, he struck the young woman and said he was robbed; then the officer came in and said I was one who had my hand in his pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
