







530. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     EASDEN
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     READER
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     WHALING
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Porter
                        



                     
                  , putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, 5 microscopes, value 4l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Carey
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Carey
                        



.


                  JAMES 
                  PORTER
               



            . I live in Marsh-place, Lambeth, and am an optician
. On Monday, the 12th of January, as I passed a public-house, at the corner of Princes-street, Drury-lane


, about two o'clock, a child came out, ran against me, and spilled some liquor; I went in and got the child some more liquor - I met a person there whom I had not seen for many years, and I continued there till near five o'clock; several persons were going in and out and several stopped all the while I was there - I had two or three glasses of liquor; the prisoners Easden and Whaling were in the house when I went in, and staid all the time - I did not know them before; Reader came in afterwards - she was in and out with them; I came out about five o'clock to go home, and when I had got a few yards, I was knocked or pushed down with violence - I fell over a stall into the kennel; I had a bundle, containing six microscopes, in my left hand, and did not notice any person in particular - they belonged to Messrs. George and John Carey, of the Strand; I am in their employ -I could not tell how it was I fell over the stall, it was from some force; I was pushed over by the back part of my neck, and while I laid there, the bundle was taken forcibly from me - several people were about me; I did not know any of them - I kept fast hold of the bundle, and saved the handkerchief and one microscope; I ran after two females, who I suspected had part of the property, but could not overtake them - I called Watch! several times, but the watchmen were not on; I then went home- next morning I went to Mr. Wilson's, the house I was at, and told him about it; I had left Easden and Whaling behind in the house - they came out close after me -I did not at that moment notice whether Reader was in the house; I got about six yards from there when I was pushed down and robbed, and when I got up, I saw them close in the mob - I pursued them, but did not overtake them - while I was talking to Wilson next morning, Easden came into the house, and directly behind her, came Whaling; I immediately recognized them both as having been in the house there the day before, and asked if they recollected me being there the day before - Easden said "Yes, very well;" I asked if she knew what became of my bundle; she said she knew nothing whatever of it; I then asked her if she did not recollect that I had a bundle while I was in her company; she said she recollected that I had one while I was there - I asked if she had seen the contents of it; she said she knew nothing more about it, and had not seen me afterwards - I then went in search of my property, and found two in pawn at Mr. Newby's, and on the Saturday following, I found two more in Russell-court; I had left Easden and Whaling in Wilson's house, and returned there again in the evening and found them both there - they denied all knowledge of them; I told them they had pawned two at Newby's, and from the description, I was sure it must be them; I asked them to come with me to the pawnbroker's - Easden at first said she would go, and then she said I was no officer, she would not go, and dared me to touch her; Wilson sent for an officer, and when he came, they were all three in company in the house, and I gave charge of them - they were taken to the watch-house; when I got up from the kennel, I observed eight or ten people about me, but not before I got up; it happened at the corner of Harford-place - I did not particularly notice whether they were all women; from the appearance and dress of the two I pursued, I believe them to be the same women as had been in the house with me - they had the same dress on in the morning; I was searching for my property all the next day, and told them I would be there at six or seven o'clock in the evening, and they agreed to meet me there to see if I had heard any thing of it, as they denied knowing any thing about it.
EASDEN. Q. Were you not very much in liquor? A. I was not in liquor.
READER. Q. Did you not drink four or five quarterns of rum? A. I did not; I was leaning against the door and slipped down, but stood up instantly.
COURT. Q. Did you sit down during the two hours you were there? A. No; I was standing all the time - I will not positively swear I did not slip down more than once.


                  JULIUS 
                  HOCKLEY
               



            . I live with Mr. Newby, No. 43, Drury-lane. On the 12th of January, a little after six o'clock in the evening, Easden came with two microscopes - she was in the habit of pawning things; she pawned them in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Easden
               



            , No. 59, Drury-lane, for 3s. - I am no judge of the value.


                  MARY 
                  WEST
               



            . I am fourteen years old; I live with my father, an optician, in Russell-court. Easden brought two boxes on Tuesday, the 13th, in the morning; I do not know what time; my father was out - I took them to my mother, who was ill; she gave me leave to give 2s. for them - the prisoner wanted 3s.; I gave her 2s., and gave them to my mother - I put my initials on them when the officer had them; I am certain these are the same - we had no others of the same sort; my mother put them into the closet in my presence on Tuesday, and I saw them there on the Saturday; there were no others there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KING
               



            . I am a constable. I was employed to take the prisoners on Tuesday evening, the 13th; Easden said, "I don't deny pledging two at Mr. Newby's, I picked them up in Drury-lane."(Property produced and sworn to.)
EASDEN'S Defence. On the 12th of January I went to Mr. Wilson's, and met the two prisoners, who asked me to have a pint of beer - the prosecutor was drinking with a man and a woman; they had three or four quarterns of rum with him - he was quite drunk, and fell down twice;his friends told him to wait till they returned, but they did not come back - as we went out he reeled out after us; about half an hour after I was going to my sister-in-law, just by Harford-place, and picked up two boxes, which I pawned, but know nothing of the others.
READER'S Defence. I saw him at the house drunk - he was at the house next morning, and said he had lost his boxes; Easden said she had picked up two boxes, and had come there to tell him she had pawned them.


                  MARY 
                  WEST
               



            . I did not know Easden before - she was about ten minutes in the shop; I am certain of her.
EASDEN - GUILTY. Aged 21.




               Of stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
READER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
WHALING - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
