





1134. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     OSMOND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of May
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 seal, value 6s.; 1 key, value 2s., 8 shillings, and 1 sixpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Hemmings
                  




               
            .


                  STEPHEN 
                  HEMMINGS
               



            . I am a mason
. On the 2d of May I was in Hyde-park, about eleven o'clock; I came form Somersetshire, and had only been in London two days - I was looking at the soldiers, and hearing the music, and on turning my head, I saw what appeared to me to be a gold watch lying under one of the trees; I took it up, and put it into my pocket - the prisoner came up; he was dressed as a shepherd, in a smock frock - he represented himself as the shepherd of the sheep in the park, and said that he took a great deal of pains with the sheep at this time of year; he then said "I saw you pick up a gold watch;" I said, "How do you know it is a gold watch?" he said,"Oh, I saw you put it into your pocket - come, come, young man, I must have half of that;" I took it out of my pocket, and he said, "D - n my eyes, if that is not worth twenty guineas - it is a stop-watch - you could go to any part of the town, and pawn that for ten guineas;" he took it into his hand, looked at it, and said he never saw a bigger beauty in all his life - he returned it to me, and asked what o'clock it was by my watch; I took out my watch, and he took hold of it, and said, "This won't pay me for half the value of that watch - come, come, young man, if you don't give me half I will give you in charge to the guards, and then we shall neither of us have it - I know you have got some money;" I said I had very little money in my pocket, and I had no friends in London that I could go to: he struck at my pocket, and said, "How much have you got - I can't go out of the park, I am the shepherd of the park;" I pulled out three half-crowns and two sixpences - he said,"This is not worth half the gold watch;" he then asked me what my watch was worth - I said it was worth 3l., beside the gold appendages of it; he then said he would go out of the park - we went to the Running Horse public-house in Piccadilly


, and called for a pint of porter - while we were there he got up and ran away; I have never seen my watch, nor my half-crowns and sixpences since - I afterwards saw the prisoner at the Lemon Tree public-house, and had him taken.


                  JANE 
                  STANDEN
               



            . My husband keeps the Running Horse in Piccadilly. The prosecutor came to our house with another man, and had a pint of beer; I think it was the prisoner, but he was not dressed as he is now - he looked like a shepherd, and had a brown smock frock on.
JOSEPH OSTELL. I am an officer. The prosecutor gave the prisoner into my custody; when I came up he threatened to knock the prosecutor down - I found this ribbon in the inside pocket of his trousers, which the prosecutor says was attached to his watch; I asked how he came by it - he said it did not affect this case, and he would not tell me.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw him till he had me taken into custody; what he has said is false - I never was a shepherd. I am a hard-working man; I thought it was very hard for a man to accuse me of a thing I never did - I never was baffled or hauled up for such a thing as this; I get my bread honest, not as many of them do-I have a right to speak out; I think I stand in a very queer state - it is an astonishing thing that a man like me should lay in such a dark place as this, I only wish him to share the same fate.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
