






804. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     CARTY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of March

, a watch, value 30 s.; a seal, value 1 l.; a key, value 5 s.; four sovereigns, and four half-crowns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Nels 
                           Leden
                        



                     
                  , from his person
            , and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     TALBOT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  NELS 
                  LEDEN
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and lodge in East Smithfield, and am a Swede
. On the 19th of March, at half-past one o'clock at night, I met Carty, and went home with her to Dock-street



. I put my trowsers on a chair, close to the bed. I had a purse containing four sovereigns and fifteen shillings in my trowsers' pocket - she did not come to bed, but asked me for 1 s. to get some gin - she went out for it, and did not return - I went to sleep, and when I awoke my breeches were there, but the money was gone, and my watch was taken from under the pillow. I was quite sober - I had not been drinking. I saw nobody but her in the house. I shewed her the money, and told her that if I lost it I should blame her for it. I found my watch in pawn. I saw Carty again in two hours, and knew her.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am a headborough. On Friday morning Leden described this girl to me. Carty was in the house at the time; I took her, and found sixpence halfpenny on her, a person said in her presence, that he had found the watch in pawn. I asked what she had done with the money, she made no answer. I took her to the pawnbroker's, he said she was not the person who pawned it. she said if the prosecutor would forgive her she would get him his watch back, and return part of his money, but that she had only taken two sovereigns and four half-crowns.


                  JOHN 
                  HAWKES
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Christie. This watch was pawned with me on the 19th of March, by Talhot - she came about one o'clock to redeem it, and paid the money - I detained her; she said an officer had been to her house and said that she was to fetch it out and bring it to the 
               
                  Brown 
                  Bear
               



             public-house, where the parties were all waiting to have the matter settled.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FORSTER
               



            . I am an officer. I took her in charge, and asked her in Carty's presence, if she gave her the watch to pawn; she said she did not, but that the other did.
CARTY'S Defence. He gave me the watch as he had no money.
CARTY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
TALBOT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
