






1280. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  CROSSLEY
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ASTON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, 1 cap, value 6s., and 1 band, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Hobson
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Hobson
                     



.
THOMAS HOBSON. I am the son of William Hobson, and am nine years old. On the 17th of April I was at the corner of Nelson-street, City-road


; Aston came up and took my cap off; he ran down a court - Crossley took hold of me, and turned me round at the time, while he ran away - they had followed me from Bath-street.


                  JAMES 
                  LUFF
               



            . I was at this child's house - he came home crying, and said his cap was stolen; he described the person and dress of the person who took it; I went with him, and he pointed out Aston, who ran away directly.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . On the 18th of April, in the afternoon, I was at Islington, and saw Crossley with four others: I followed them to Clerkenwell-green, and then fetched Hobson - he pointed him out, and said he was certain of him; I brought him to a lamp-post, and told him to look well at him: I had Crossley and another boy; he looked at them both, and said that was not the boy, but Crossley was; I took him to the watch-house. On the 1st of May I saw Aston with three others, in St. John-street-road - there was a crowd looking at Jack in the Green, and I saw Aston untying a handkerchief from a child's neck: I could not take him then, but watched him, and in the afternoon I took Hobson there, and he pointed him out.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHN OTHEN
               



            . I was in the yard at Worship-street when Crossley was locked up; a girl came and called to him - she asked how he got on - he said he thought he should go to the start (meaning Newgate), and told her to go and tell the pieman to come down to him; in a few minutes the girl came and said he was come; he told her to tell him to say he was with him till nine o'clock.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I saw Crossley with a pieman at nine o'clock; he spoke to me - I returned in ten minutes, and they were-gone.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUTTON
               



            . I am a biscuit-baker and pieman. Crossley came to me at the end of Mutton-hill, and spoketo me, that night; I left him there about a quarter-past nine o'clock.
CROSSLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
ASTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
