





201. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  SIMMONS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of December
, 1 pocket-book, value 1s.; 1 pencil, value 1d.; 1 sovereign, 2 half-crowns, 3 shillings, and five sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        Phoebe 
                        Stulpner
                     




                  , from her person
            .
PHOEBE STULPNER. I live in Haberdasher-place, Hoxton. On the 27th of December, at half-past eleven o'clock in the morning, I was crossing Bishopsgate-street


 - there was an ass in the way - there was a rush of persons - I had my pocket-book in my basket; the persons pushed against me, and in about two minutes I missed my pocket-book: on being asked if I had lost any thing, the officer produced it. The prisoner was in custody - it still contained the money I had put into it - I had had the book many years.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am a constable. On the 27th of December, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I saw the prisoner in Bishopsgate-street, running; an ass was across the foot-path, which made a stoppage: the prisoner, with another, ran down Artillery-lane; I took him about twenty-five yards down the lane, and, on opening his jacket I found this pocket-book at his left side. I saw Mrs. Stulpner in about two minutes - she was pointed out to me, and claimed it, and stated the contents accurately - I opened it at the Mansion House - he said a person gave it him to carry, but did not say to whom, or where he was to take it; the other got away.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The other boy came up and said if I would carry it he would give me 3d.: that he had just picked it up, and did not like to carry it: he ran away when this gentleman took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 11.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
