





1629. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DEVINE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of July
, 1 piece of mahogany, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Darbyshire
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am porter to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Darbyshire
               



            , a cabinet-maker
, of Whitecross-street


. On the 18th of July, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, I was on the premises, and saw the prisoner taking up a piece of mahogany; he was just on the threshold of the door; there seemed to be another person with him; but I could not positively swear that - I saw the prisoner walk away with it - I followed, detained him, and called the prosecutor, who claimed it; the prisoner said he was employed by a person to carry it to St. John-street; the prisoner took it up, but I think there was some one who put it on his shoulder.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you see the other man put it on my shoulder? A. I said there were two, but you took the piece on your shoulder.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am an officer. I have the mahogany, and took the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  DARBYSHIRE
               



            . This is my mahogany. I know nothing of the prisoner; my gate is partly open in the morning for the men to go in.
Prisoner. Q. Was there not a man in your yard? A. I went out and saw a man in my passage, but I did not know then that a robbery had been committed - the prisoner said another man gave it him to carry - I asked the other man what he wanted there; he said to buy some mahogany - I said I did not sell it; then my man came and said a man had gone off with a plank.
Prisoner's Defence. I had a paralytic stroke ten months ago, and it is impossible that I could take it up by myself.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
