





1317. 
               
                  SOPHIA 
                  FITZPATRICK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of May
, 3 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        John 
                        Butcher
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN BUTCHER. I am a watchman
. On Thursday last I was in Bagnigge-wells-Road


, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon; the prisoner came up to me, took hold of my arm, put her hand in my coat pocket and took out three sovereigns, rolled up in a dirty piece of cloth - I felt her hand in my pocket - I put my hand into my pocket and missed my money - I followed her into the Wells, but she had turned a corner and I missed her; I came out, went round and went in again; I then met her and charged her with robbing me of three sovereigns; I gave her in charge of Barnes, who took one sovereign from her hand; an officer took her into a room and found two more sovereigns on her; she had laid hold of my arm - my money was safe just before I met her.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HENRY BARNES
               



            . I am an appraiser and was at Bagnigge-wells. Butcher said he had lost a sovereign; I took hold of the prisoner's hand; some persons came up and wanted to let her go; I saw her hand behind her, took hold of it, and took the sovereign out of it; the officer came up and found the other two sovereigns and a piece of rag; she said "It makes no odds to me whether he gave me a sovereign or a shilling." I said "Where are the other two?" She said she had no more.


                  AUSTIN 
                  HARLE
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for - the prisoner said nothing to the charge; I found two sovereigns and a dirty rag on her.
JOHN BUTCHER. This is like my piece of rag.
Prisoners' Defence. He asked me to accompany him to the gardens, and when there he asked me to go with him, and he would give me three shillings; he gave me this and I found it was three sovereigns.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Life
            .
