





438. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     KEATH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of January
, two window-curtains, value 1 s.; one neck-handkerchief, value 4 d.; one shirt, value 2 s.; one pinafore, value 3 d.; one waistcoat, value 1 s.; one gown body, value 2 d.; one cloak, value 6 d., and one dress, value 2 d., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Richardson
                     



                  ; one coat, value 1 s., one hat, value 3 d.; one handkerchief, value 1 s.; one shirt, value 6 d., and one tobacco-box, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Justin
                  



               
            .


                  MARY 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I live in Portpool-lane


. On the 15th of January, between four and six o'clock, I missed these articles, and was informed the prisoner had been in my room - he had lodged with me a fortnight before. I had him apprehended.


                  JOHN 
                  JUSTIN
               



            . I lodge at the house and missed my things, and found the prisoner in Rupert-street - I found part of the property on him. He told me where the rest was.


                  MOSES 
                  DAVIS
               



            . The prisoner sold me a coat and hat.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            , JUN. I am an officer. The prisoner was given in my charge; I found the handkerchief in his hat - he said, he sold part of the property to Davis, and left the other part at the White Heart. I found them there.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I am sorry to be charged with a crime undeservedly.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
