






476. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTS
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  FLEMMING
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of January
, 1 portmanteau, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joshua 
                  Choat
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WASHINGTON
               



            . I live at the King's Head, King-street, Hoxton. On the 21st of January, about twelve o'clock, I was in Holborn


, going towards St. Giles's - I saw the prisoner passing along, just beyond Warwick-court - Flemming stopped and pulled at a trunk at a trunk-maker's door, at a corner; Roberts passed by and took no notice of him - Flemming did not get the trunk then, but he passed by me; I stood watching for about ten minutes - they then returned and after two or three attempts, Flemming took the trunk; there was a man, a woman, and a boy, in the shop - I stepped in and told them of it. I saw Fleming give it to Roberts - the officer then took them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORTIMER
               



            . I am shopman to Joshua Choat, a trunk-maker
, who lives at the corner of Brownlow-street, Holborn. Washington came to our shop about a quarter past twelve o'clock, and apprised me that a man had stolen a trunk; I ran to the door and saw the two prisoners, whom I had seen loitering about for an hour and a half; I saw Flemming give the trunk to Roberts, who turned up Warwick-court; I seized Roberts with it in his possession, and desired him to bring it back to where he took it from; he said he had not taken it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WORMALL
               



            . I was in Holborn on duty, and saw the mob at the door - I went in and took the two prisoners.(Property produced and sworn to).
ROBERT'S Defence. I was coming down Holborn; this young man asked me to carry this portmanteau for him.
FLEMMING'S Defence. I saw the portmanteau-standing about three yards from the door - I took it up after some time, and carried it about three hundred yards, and then I saw this young man whom I asked to carry it - he did not know where I got it.
ROBERTS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
FLEMMING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
