





23. 
               
                  DAVID 
                  MORGAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, 1 canvas bag, value 1d., and 32 pairs of silver spectacle-frames, value 7l., the goods of 
                     
                        Edmund 
                        Taylor
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        William 
                        Bradfield
                     



.
WILLIAM BRADFIELD. I am twelve years old, and live with Mr. Mumford, and have worked for Mr. Edmund Taylor for four months - he is an optician
, and lives at No. 15, White Horse-yard, Drury-lane. On Friday, the 24th of November, about nine o'clock in the morning, I took thirty-two silver spectacle-frames, in a bag, to Goldsmith's hall; I fetched them about half-past four o'clock, and then went to 'Change: I was in Fleet-street


 about a quarter-past five, coming home with them; the prisoner caught hold of me by the two shoulders at the corner of Johnson's-court, while another one took the bag away; I turned round, and called Stop thief! they went up the court - the prisoner is the person who had hold of me - he was a stranger before, but I am positive of him; he ran up Johnson's-court. I went up the court, and only lost sight of him for a short time - he was stopped almost directly, by Mr. Taplin - we have never found the property.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Whose property were they? A. Edmund Taylor's. I was christened by the name of Henry William, but go by the name of William only; the prisoner came behind me - I could not see him well then - he ran away directly the bag was taken, and I went up the court after him - he was stopped almost directly; I did not see his face till he was stopped.
Q. Did not you say that night, that the prisoner took the bag, and the other held you? A. I believe I did, but he is the one who held my shoulders; the one who took the bag had a fustian jacket on; I went into a newspaper-shop directly he was taken. I believe I said there that he was the man who took the bag. I turned round, and saw him take his hands off my shoulder.
COURT. Q. How came you to say he took the bag if he held your shoulder? A. I am sure he held my shoulder while the one in the fustian jacket took the bag.


                  JOHN 
                  TAPLIN
               



            . I am a plumber, and live in Greystoke-place, Fetter-lane. I was coming down Johnson's-court, towards Fleet-street, and heard the boy cry out - I saw the prisoner running from the boy, towards me - he was pushing himself out from the mob, and met me on the steps of Johnson's-court; the boy cried out, as if he was hurt; I laid hold of the prisoner - the boy immediately accused him of being the thief; he said he was not the person, but the man who had committed the act had run up the court; I saw nobody running up the court - if there had been, I must have seen them; I went into the newspaper-shop with the boy, but did not hear what account he gave there. An officer was sent for, who took him.
Cross-examined. Q. The prisoner said he was not the person? A. Yes. The boy did not say whether he had seen his face; he said one held him, and the other took the bag. I heard him say the prisoner was the thief - that was all.


                  GEORGE 
                  DUNBAR
               



            . I am a bookseller, and live in Wych-street. I was going towards Temple-bar, and met the prisoner and another person coming towards me, arm-in-arm, just about Johnson's-court; I was about four yards from the court - they were coming towards Fleet-market, meeting the boy - when they got opposite to me they turned back again, and I saw the prisoner go behind the boy, leaning over his shoulder - the boy had a kind of parcel; he hallooed out directly, and I saw the prisoner and another one leaning over him - the other made off, up Johnson's-court; the prisoner was up to the top of the steps, and Taplin stopped him; I am sure he is one of them: I did not see the parcel taken, but the other ran up the court with it.
Cross-examined. Q. Then it is true that the one who took the parcel ran up the court? A. Yes; the prisoner said, "There goes the man who has got the property, up the court," but I know he was in company with that man; Taplin was coming down the court - it was a dark court; the man had very likely passed him - I went into the newspaper-shop, and said the prisoner was the man who was leaning over the boy's shoulder. The constable was in the shop. I am sure I accused him of being the man; I was loaded with goods; I did not go to Guildhall the next morning; both the persons leaned over the boy's shoulder, and were both behind him; I had never seen the prisoner before; there was a mob after the boy hallooed out. Taylor was not in the newspaper-shop; the master of the shop asked if anybody knew about the business; I did not go forward, as the prisoner was being searched, and he was writing a parcel of names down. I told the master of the shop afterwards that I had seen it; it was in Flemming's Express-office; the prisoner wasin the shop when I said I had seen them arm-in-arm, and had seen it done.


                  EDMUND 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . This boy was in my service; I had sent him to the Assay-office with thirty-two pairs of spectacle-frames - I expected him home a little after five o'clock. I have not seen the property since - it was worth 7l.; he stated he had been robbed of them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . I belong to the Assay-office. - On the 24th of November this boy brought thirty-two pairs of spectacle-frames, weighing 16ozs. 9dwts. - I delivered them back to him, at half-past four, or a quarter to five o'clock, in a bag.


                  THOMAS 
                  LIGHTFOOT
               



            . I am the street-keeper. I received the prisoner into custody - he said nothing to me.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear the boy say, in the shop, who took the bag? A. No. There was a boy said something about the prisoner not taking it; I did not hear any-body say the prisoner was not the man, but that might be said. I did not observe Dunbar in the shop, but I was not sent for till afterwards, and I dare say there were twenty people there.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent. I have sent to get this boy up - his mother has sworn she will kill him, and has sent him out of the way, that he should not come here.
GEORGE DUNBAR re-examined. I did not speak loud enough in the shop for every body to hear me.




               GUILTY. Aged 23. Of stealing, but not from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
