





1857. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, 1 waistcoat, value 6s.; 2 pair of trousers, value 10s.; 2 shirts, value 10s., and 1 ring, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Iles
                     



                  ; 1 coat, value 10s.; and 2 waistcoats, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Frederick 
                        Hourgan
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Patrick 
                        Grant
                     



.
ROBERT ILES. I am publisher of the Sun newspaper
, and lodge at Mr. Grant's, in the Strand


; he does not live in the house himself. On the 20th of October, I went to the theatre, leaving my property down stairs in the kitchen it was safe at six o'clock, and missed at half-past seven: the prisoner is a stranger.
FREDERICK HOURGAN. I lodge in the house; I missed a coat and two waistcoats from the kitchen.


                  JOHN 
                  GROOM
               



            . I am an officer. About eight o'clock on the evening of the 20th of October, I and Boston were on St. Martin's-court; I saw the prisoner and another man come through the court, the other had a bundle; they kept looking back every minute; I asked what they had got, they said, it I would go to Long-acre, they would satisfy me; we went as far as Langley-street; the prisoner then struck me on the head, and we had a desperate fight; but at last got them to the watch-house - when I asked the other what he had got, the prisoner said, "What is that to you, they are my clothes, and he is carrying them for me;" we were followed by a mob, and got hustled by several of them - the other man made his escape from the watch-house in the crowd; there were thirty or forty thieves following us; the prisoner had the prosecutor's shirt in his hat, and his coat on his back.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I saw one of the witnesses and a young man showing some clothes; he asked what I would give for the coat, I said, "6s. and my own."
GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
