





Before Mr. Justice Littledale.
1561. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HARDING
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of July
, 1 watch, value 50s.; 1 chain, value 1s; 1 key, value 6d., and 1 seal, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Small
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house, one 
                     
                        Anna 
                        Maria Small
                     



                   being therein, and putting her in fear
            .

ROBERT SMALL. I live at No. 16, Beauchamp-street, in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn, Middlesex


, and occupy the house. On the 19th of July, I went out between one and two o'clock, leaving my watch hanging in a cupboard in a corner of the shop, four or five yards from the window; there is a dresser before the window: I returned about five o'clock, and it was gone - I found it at Hatton-garden; I had left my daughter Anna in the with a child eight months old.
ANNA MARIA SMALL. I am nine years old in October. On the 19th of July my father left me in the shop with the baby; a man came in, and took my father's watch off the nail in the cupboard; I never saw him before, but I know the prisoner is the man, because I saw him when he took it - I had seen it in the cupboard before he came. When he came in he asked for a penny-worth of milk - I went to get it him, and when I had turned round to get it, I heard the watch-chain rattle; the cupboard had two glass doors, one of them was shut and the other put too; he could see the watch in the cupboard - any person outside could see it: when I returned with the milk he was walking from the cupboard up to the dresser, with one hand in his breeches pocket; I looked, and the watch was gone; I said, "You have got my father's watch;" I put the milk down on the dresser, and he said, "Don't make a noise - don't make a noise; I will give it you;" he laid hold of my shoulder, and throw me down; he then ran out, and I after him, calling "Stop thief! you have got my father's watch;" he was brought back to the shop in about ten minutes.
Q. Were you in any fear at this time? A. Yes; I was afraid that he was going to take the watch, but not of anything else; I did not see him take it off the nail, but it was in the cupboard before he came in; I saw Mrs. Wyatt in the shop directly I returned.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  NEWSOM
               



            . I live in Fox-court. I was at work opposite Mr. Small's house, and saw the prisoner go into Mr. Small's shop, about half-past three o'clock; I saw Anna Maria Small go into the passage for the milk; the prisoner then went towards the cupboard, and came away with his right hand in his pocket; the girl caught hold of him - he said something to her, and took his hand out of his pocket; I saw the watch in his hand, and I saw him lay it on the dresser, then lay hold of her sholder, and throw her down; he then ran away - she got up and ran after him, he was brought back in about three minutes.


                  JAMES 
                  KEEN
               



            . I live in Baldwin's-gardens. On the 19th of July, I saw the prisoner run from a house in Beauchamp-street; the girl was running after him - I took him into custody; he said he was not the person who had done it.


                  SARAH 
                  WYATT
               



            . I am the wife of Richard Wyatt and live in Small's house; I heard the cry of Stop thief! and ran down stairs into the shop - I saw nothing on the dresser when I first went in, but in about five minutes after the prisoner was brought back, somebody put their hand into the window and took out a handkerchief, I then observed the watch lying on the dresser; it had been under the handerchief - a person outside took it out and gave to me to take care of; I put it into my pocket and gave it to Mrs. Small as soon as she returned, which was about-ten minutes or a quarter to four o'clock: I saw it again at Hatton-garden; I do not know who gave it to me.


                  MATTHEW 
                  WELDHEN
               



            . I am a constable. On the 19th of July, between three and four o'clock, I pursued the prisoner into Brook's-market; Anna Maria Small was pursuing him - I brought him back to the house; he denied all knowledge of the watch: very soon after Mrs. Small put the watch into my hand - she is not here; it was a few minutes after four o'clock - I have had it ever since and produce it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I left my master's shop at three o'clock in the afternoon to do a job in London-wall, and as I came throught the Hole-in-the-Wall passage, a man took me and said he thought I had stolen the watch, but I am entirely innocent.
GUILTY. Aged 23.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
