






792. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BURROWES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December

, 12 yards of crimson poplin, value 1l. 16s.; 1 silk shawl, value 19s.; 1 black veil, value 17s.; 1 pair of black silk hose, value 4s.; 5 lace collars, value 10s.; 2 black lace veils, value 18s.; 2 silk handkerchiefs, value 8s. 6d.; 2 silk shawls, value 31s.; 10 India Bandanna handkerchiefs, value 1l. 13s.; 7 other silk handkerchiefs, value 1l. 4s. 6d.; 12 black silk handkerchiefs, value 1l. 19s.; 1 silk shawl, value 14s.; 32 black silk handkerchiefs, value 52s.; 38 yards of bobbin plaiting, value 3s.; 30 yards of other bobbin, value 3s.; 649 yards of other bobbin plaiting, value 6l. 14s.; 126 yards of bobbin lace, value 7l. 13s. 4d.; 4 lace collars, value 1l. 6s. 9d.; 8 lace caps, value 1l. 5s. 8d.; 1 other lace cap, value 4s.; 1 white bobbin veil, value 18s.; 42 pink Barcelona handkerchiefs, value 2l. 9s.; 5 ingrain silk handkerchiefs, value 7s. 6d.; 61 handkerchiefs, value 8l. 18s. 10d.; 5 black bobbin net veils, value 2l. 15s. 6d.; 4 other veils, value 3l. 6s.; 32 yards of black satin, value 4l. 16s.; 30 yards of white satin, value 4l. 10s.; 6 silk handkerchiefs, value 2l. 2s.; 6 shawls, value 5l. 11s.; 2 China handkerchiefs, value 8s.; 6 China crape shawls, value 6l. 19s.; 28 yards of French cambric, value 9l. 3s. 6d.; 8 pieces of Bandanna handkerchiefs, value 11l. 14s.; 4 pieces of muslin, value 3l. 12s.; 23 yards of black laventine silk, value 3l. 14s. 9d.; 24 yards of gros de Naplessilk, value 3l. 13s. 4d.; 51 1/2 yards of other silk, value 9l. 5s. 4d., and 3 yards of silk velvet, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        James Ennis 
                        Rose
                     



                  , his master
            ; 
               HENRY ISAACS, alias HENRY 
ADLAM



            , was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the same day, the said goods, he well knowing the same to have been stolen; against the Statute
            .
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and BARRY conducted the prosecution.
JAMES ENNIS ROSE. I am a linen-draper and silk-mercer
, and live at Bath. Burrowes came into my service about the 29th of August last, as shopman
 - I received a written character with him; he continued with me upwards of three months, and slept in my house; he left me about the first week in December - he had given me a month's notice, and stated he wished to spend his Christmas with his friends, I think he said in London - when he left me he bought a piece of Irish linen of me; he left his boxes at my house for a few days, as he said he wanted to see Bristol; he afterwards sent for his boxes, and they were delivered to him - I do not know were they went to - I afterwards received a letter, and wrote to London; I received another letter from a Mr. Caldecot the day following, in consequence of which I came to London, and arrived on Monday week; while Burrowes was in my service I never sold him a large quantity of my stock.
COURT. Q. Could he have had a quantity of your stock in his possession without your knowledge? A. No; he never purchased more than 6l. worth of property of me, including the Irish linen, and some trifling articles.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DREW
               



            . I was servant at the Black Swan public-house, at Bath. I recollect Isaacs coming there about six weeks before Christmas - he went by the name of Adlam; he came with Burrowes between seven and eight o'clock one Sunday morning - there was no one up in the house but me; it had rained in the night; Adlam was very wet, and went to bed. After Burrowes was gone, a box came, which was taken to Adlam's bed-room, and the next day I saw it on the table - I opened it, and saw in it only a pair of trousers and three shirts - I took it off the table; in the course of the week, I saw some clean papers on the bed; I opened them and saw some black silk in them - I saw the box in the room, but the room was always kept locked, and if I did not make the bed before he went out, I did it when he came home - on the Saturday before he left I moved his box to clean the room, and found it very heavy; I opened it and saw it was full, and the top goods were silk - Burrowes had frequently been in the week to see Adlam, and called Adlam his friend. On the morning Adlam went away, he sent me to Mr. Rose's for a cap and cloak, and to tell Burrowes that he was going - I saw Burrowes, who gave me the cloak and cap - Burrowes slept at our house on the night he left his situation.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. You say Burrowes came frequently? A. Yes; almost every day in the week, at all times in the day - our house is three or four minutes walk from Mr. Rose's; he lives in Bond-street; I had not seen him at the Black Swan before Adlam came; but it was known he lived with Mr. Rose, and I never saw Burrowes bring any thing to the Black Swan.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You made Adlam's bed? A. Yes; his box had no lock; any one who entered the room might have opened it; but no one went in but me.


                  STEPHEN 
                  GILBERT
               



            . I was porter at the Christopher Inn, at Bath. I removed a box from the Black Swan to the stage for Adlam, on the 5th of November, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning - I took it to the Stage Coach Company; I cannot say whether it was put on the coach, or in the boot - I saw Adlam leave on the same coach for London.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you see it on the coach or in the boot? A. I cannot say; it went away with Mr. Adlam - it was not locked, but corded.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Who gave it you? A. The servant at the Black Swan. I packed the coach and other parcels - I put the box in; the coach-office is about three minutes' walk from the Black Swan.
COURT. Q. You cannot say whether it was in or out of the coach? A. No; but Adlam was a passenger - I loaded the coach with the passenger's luggage; I cannot say what was the weight of the box - it was quite heavy.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WITHERS
               



            . I am a linen-draper's assistant. I know both the prisoners; I first had a slight acquaintance with them about twenty-one months or two years ago; Burrowes was then a town traveller to a house in the City; I understood from him it was Mr. Grimshy, of Huggin-lane. Adlam was then a linen-draper's assistant like myself; I understood his name was Isaacs, till he told me he had changed it to Adlam; we were both out of situations. I did not know of Burrowes' going to Bath; but on the 26th of December last, I met him in Sydney's-alley; I asked him if he was in a situation, he said No, he had justcome up from Weymouth and from Bath - I went with him to a public-house, in a street at the corner of Leicester-square, and from there we walked to the Old Bailey; in going along, he said he was always open to buy a quantity of goods, so long as they were cheap; I think he said to the amount of 30l. or 40l.; he said he had a quantity of lace goods which he was going to sell, and he was going to the New Inn to fetch them - I had told him I was in want of a situation; he wished me to go to the New Inn with him, but I said I had an engagement in the City, and he said, if I would meet him at the Dolphin public-house, in Milk-street, in half an hour, he would be with me - he did not say for what purpose: we parted about one o'clock. I went to the Dolphin; he came there, and brought a brown paper parcel, which I understood was the lace he brought from the New Inn; he did not tell me so - I wished to look at it and opened one end of the parcel; I saw several cards of lace in it, a little soiled, in bad condition; there was a young man named Oliver there; we then went away and walked to the pavement, Moorfields; we went to a coffee-house at the corner of Fore-street, and Burrowes went out, leaving Oliver with me; he returned in ten minutes, and said that a young man in the shop, named Bennett wished to see me, and said he had left the goods there - I went to the shop (it was about ten doors off) and Bennett showed me a quantity of lace in a basket; it was the same lace as I had seen in the parcel - I returned to the coffee-house, but did not tell Burrowes what Bennett had said to me. We then went to the New Inn, and staid there till twelve o'clock at night; Burrowes told me he lodged there - I called on him there the next day, about three o'clock; I staid about an hour, when he went to bed, and I went away - I saw him again at ten o'clock the same night, and we went to a masquerade at the Argyll Rooms; I was with him all that night; we went from the masquerade to a place called "The Finish," in Covent-garden, at seven o'clock in the morning; I saw him again that night, which was Friday, at the New Inn, as he was going to bed, and I said the expense was too great for me; he said"Call upon me in the morning, and I will put you into a good thing;" I think I slept there that night - I went with him the next morning to the Mitre public-house, in Chancery-lane; I there saw Isaacs whom I had not seen for twelve months before - Burrowes spoke to him, and they appeared to be friendly. For the next week or two I lived at the New Inn, and paid for my own lodging and provision; during that time I saw both the prisoners frequently; and a few days after I asked Isaacs what situation Burrowes was going to put me into; he replied, "He be d - d; why does he not behave honourable towards me" - he did not say in what respect he was to behave honourable to him; and he said "So help him God, he would split," which means to tell; he said, "I know I have marks, which I have kept in my possession, which will do for Jack Burrowes." I afterwards saw Burrowes and told him of this; he replied, "I don't mind what such a fellow as that says; I don't heed him a pin," and said he would call and see him. I told Isaacs, Burrowes would call and see him - I went with Burrowes to Isaacs; they quarrelled, and Isaacs said he would hang him, and when Burrowes left the room I said"For God's sake, do not do that" - they quarrelled about some money; Isaacs wanted some money from Burrowes: Isaacs showed me some bills of parcels and a receipt for 103l., which was the amount of the invoices. Isaacs asked if I knew Burrowes had lived at Bath; I said I had heard so; he said he had done the trick up nicely there; that he Isaacs, had received parcels of goods up in town here from him; and that he had gone once to Bath and brought up 103l. worth of goods from him, and the invoices he had shown me were for those goods - I asked him what Burrows was, there; he said he lived in Bond-street, Bath, but did not tell me with whom; I asked how Burrowes managed to get the goods away; he said he had stopped at a public-house close by, and used to meet Burrowes three or four times a day; that Burrowes used to bring the goods out, sometimes concealed in his trousers, waistcoat, and hat, and he received them from him - I asked how Burrowes managed to get the goods down; he said he used to go up into the warehouse in the morning, when nobody was there, and conceal them.
Q. This related to the 103l. worth of goods? A. Yes, and he said he had received other goods in town from him; he said he kept the greater part of the goods from Burrowes, but had sold some to Mr. Olding, in Chancery-lane; I told him I had seen two bills in Burrowes' possession, drawn by him; he said those were the two bills he had sold goods for, and if Burrowes would give him up one of those bills he would be satisfied; I told Burrowes all that Isaacs had said; and he said he should give him no more; Isaacs afterwards showed me one of these bills, and said Burrowes had given it to him - it was for 14l.; I bought a small quantity of lace goods of Burrowes myself, at the New Inn, and changed them for poplin; I saw him offer some shawls and half-handkerchiefs to Mrs. Browning, and some customers, in her private parlour; he was offering a shawl to Mrs. Browning, for 24s., and she said it was no better than what she gave him 26s. for - I think that was what she said, but one was better than another - I cannot tell which; Burrowes, on the same day, took out a parcel, which I believe, was shawls; we walked to Holborn-hill, and he said he was going to Mr. New, or Bew, at Pimlico, to offer them for sale; I did not go with him; I frequently conversed with Isaacs about Burrowes, and told Burrowes what he said; Isaacs afterwards told me Mr. Olding would not pay the bills; I asked why - he said Olding understands the goods were stolen; I asked how Olding knew that; he said Mrs. Barrett, his landlady, had told him; some time after this, Isaacs told me the bills would not be paid, and if Burrowes would consent to give up his bill, he (Isaacs) would give up his, upon receiving 7l., which Olding had sold, and would give up the rest of the goods; Burrowes did not like to go to Olding, and asked me to go; I went, and took Burrowes' bill with me, which was for 13l. odd; I presented the bill; Olding said, "I thought the thing had been quietly arranged;" I said "I know nothing about that" - he said, "I have been waiting at home all the morning, and I shall now go down to Bath;" I went and told Isaacs what passed - he replied, "To be sure, it was so understood - the bills were to be returned, and the goods taken back;" I went with Isaacs and Mr. Walker to Olding's house, and the goods were divided there; Burrowes had told me to take all the Bandanna and black handkerchiefs, which I did, and brought away 3l. 5s. in money - that was for Burrowes - Isaacs had some pink ladies' handkerchiefs, some turbanand crimson handkerchiefs, about ten large black handkerchiefs, and some Canary handkerchiefs, and 3l. 5s. - Olding desired to have something for his trouble, and Isaacs gave him 5s. - a few days after that, I got some goods from Brocock and Co. - I took them to the New Inn, and offered them to Mrs. Browning for sale; Burrowes came there, but did not offer any thing for sale at that time. Burrowes afterwards left the New Inn, and went to lodge at No. 10, Mary Ann-place, Clifford-street, over the water; I went in the coach with him; I saw him go into the house, but was never there myself; I have called there by his desire, and left messages for him; he called it his lodging - I saw a young man there, who had frequently been in his company before; I used after that to see Burrowes at the Olive Branch public-house, and at a public-house at the corner of Mitre-street, at the Prince of Wales public-house, and sometimes at a billiard-table in Waterloo-road; we were very familiar together; I asked him once what situation he would put me into; he said if I would work his oracle he would employ me; I had told Burrowes what Isaacs had said about Bath; and the second time I mentioned it, he acknowledged it; and said he had robbed his different employers, and that to the amount of hundreds; he said he had robbed the prosecutor; I have heard him say that in Isaacs' presence, and in his absence; they quarrelled once at the Olive Branch, when there were four people in the house, and he acknowledged it there; he said, "Oh, Yes, you need not tell me of it, I have had such a fellow as you to deal with - you have robbed me;" Isaacs said he had been subservient to him long enough, and said, "You have robbed your employers, and made me accessary to it; and now left me without money and without shoes to my feet;" they came out, and Isaacs said he would tell - Burrowes said, "Do, do, I would as soon die on a gallows as not, since I have got acquainted with such a fellow as you;" Isaacs told him he had marks which come upon the goods, that were quite enough to do for him; Burrowes replied,"I have enough to do for you, where is the pocket-book you robbed the man of in Waterloo-road." I at last wrote a letter to Mr. Rose, at Bath, as I was not comfortable in my mind, for one thing and another; on the day I wrote, I was with the prisoners, at the Prince of Wales; we walked together to the Elephant public-house; I did not hear what they said, but Isaacs said to me just after, "Burrowes has offered to give me a suit of clothes, if I will contradict what I have said to Mr. Browning;" he had told him Burrowes had robbed his employer at Bath, and sent the goods up to him; and that when he went to Bath he brought the goods away, and Burrowes told Isaacs to take his name, and write down to Mr. Rose for a character - he would give him one which would get him a situation; I said to Isaacs, "You shall not contradict what you have stated, for I have stated the same thing, and won't be made a liar for you;" I said I would write to Mr. Rose, and inform him of it, and I did so; and made a communication to Mr. Caldecott; I was taken into custody, and have been locked up ever since.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you know what Burrowes had stated to Mr. Browning? Yes; I was present at the latter part of it, and I myself had told Mr. Browning - I came forward to-day for the sake of public justice, and to case my own mind, which was distressed - that is my chief reason; my name is 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Horatio Nelson Withers
               



            .
Q. In whose employ were you last? A. I will not tell you; gentlemen do not like their names mentioned - I have lived with Messrs. Young, at Nottingham, and before that with one Ridgway, who, I believe, is now in Whitecross-street; I do not know where he lived while I was with him - I left, because he could not continue his business; he never accused me of robbing him of furs: Burrowes said, Mr. Ridgway says you have taken furs" - I said it was by his knowledge; he had two young men - he could not pay us, and told us to take the furs for our salary; a man once met me in Holborn, and accused me of robbing my employer, Mr. Brooks, but there was no foundation for it - I went to the office and to the House of Correction for a few days, and the person who sent me there bought the goods of Burrowes.
Q. Did any thing particular happen at the masquerade? A. Nothing particular that I know of; Burrows lost his watch there - he was mad drunk; he pulled off his clothes and threw his watch into the room; I took it up, but did not recollect that I had it till we got to the "Finish:" I have had, letters directed to me in the name of Smart (my mother's maiden name,) it was by my desire - I never went by any other name; I know nothing of the name of Hyman.
Q. Did you ever state that you changed your name to Hyman for fear of being transported? A. Never, I declare; I lived at Manchester with Mr. Watts, of Deansgate - I never lived with a person named Smart; I have been examined in a Court of Justice.
Q. Was it not on a trial in which your brother prosecuted Colonel Arch for an unnatural crime? A. I shall not answer that.
COURT. You must answer it - it is not an improper question. Witness. I was examined on that trial as a witness for my brother.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did not Isaacs tell you his mother's name was Adlam; but he was a natural son of Isaacs, and sometimes look both names? A. He said his father's name was Isaacs, and his father's Adlam; I have seen her, and called her Isaacs - I was told her name was Adlam; I bought some goods of Brocock and Co., of Cheapside, in January - I bought about 5l. worth of goods - I took them for a bad debt, they owed me the money; I summoned them, and took it in lace: I swear it was for a bad debt, for expences I had incurred in looking after a person for them.
Q. Before you met Burrowes, how had you been living? A. I lived in a situation at Mr. Scott's last - I was going about with the prisoners only a few days; I travelled for myself about a month; I left Mr. Brooks in consequence of not making a cloak properly - there was a charge made against me there about stealing 2 lbs. of mutton chops from his butchers, and he took me to the office; he never charged me with any thing else to my knowledge - he never did charge me with any other robbery.
COURT. Q. Was the charge made by Mr. Brooks or the butcher? A. They did not come forward - the chops were paid for; I was charged also with taking a rabbit from a poulterer's, and some eggs - I do not recollect any thing else - he never accused me of stealing any thing from his house.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. How do you recollect the date on which you met Burrowes? A. Because it was the day after Christmas-day - I do not know whether Oliver is here, or any other persons I have mentioned; our conversation at the New Inn was not in Browning's presence: I heard Olding had been threatened to be sued for the bill - the attorney and Adlam were present at the settlement; I remember going one night to Browning's in liquor; I said Burrowes was locked up, and I believed Aldam had given him in charge for felony - he had threatened to do so often; I did not say, if he gave me some money I would get him discharged; he asked what would get him out - I said I supposed 7s. or 8s. - he offered it to me; I refused to take it, and he sent the waiter; the wife offered me the money - I did not say it was for breaking windows; I was in liquor, and do not recollect what I said - I said he was confined for felony or an assault.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You have mentioned several circumstances, which show a dishonest life, on your own part - were not the prisoners acquainted with all this? A. Yes; they knew it all; I was charged with having the chops and things, months after I left Mr. Brooks.


                  ANDREW 
                  CALDECOTT
               



            . I am a Manchester warehouseman, and live in Mitre-court, Cheapside. I know Mr. Rose, of Bond-street, Bath. Withers called on me on Saturday week, and gave me some information; I wrote to Mr. Rose by the same night's post, and gave information at the Police-office; the prisoners were taken, I believe - Withers was taken; but I left the case entirely in Mr. Cope's hands.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WADHAM COPE
               



            . I am one of the marshals of London. In consequence of information I sent Brown in search of Burrowes, and I went in search of Isaacs on Saturday week; Withers went with me to Chancery-lane, to the Mitre public-house, (I think it is) - Withers called Isaacs into the passage; I made him no threat or promise, but I told him I understood he had some property he had received from Burrowes; he said he had, and he would show it me - he took me up stairs, and produced these twelve pieces of handkerchiefs, which he said he had from Burrowes, who had stolen them from Mr. Rose, of Bath; he then opened a pocket-book, in which I saw some memorandums, and these four small tickets; which he said were taken off some net-lace which was stolen from Mr. Rose; I came down stairs with him, and asked Withers, in his hearing, if he thought I had got all the property - Withers replied he thought I had. We were then coming away, and Withers asked Isaacs if he had told me all the circumstances - he said he had not; Withers then said,"Have you told him about your going to Bath, and bringing away in one week 103l. worth of property, of Mr. Rose's;" Isaacs replied he had not told me that; and then said that he went to Bath one Saturday evening, and returned on the Sunday week following, with a box containing goods of Mr. Rose's, to the amount of 103l., and that he had been in the habit of receiving a great many parcels from Burrowes, containing Mr. Rowe's property; I told him he must come with me to the Mansion-house; I went and mentioned the circumstances to the Lord Mayor, who directed me to take the two prisoners and Withers to the Compter.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did he, when he showed you these things, say that he knew at the time that they were stolen? A. Yes, and that he went down to Bath, and brought away 103l. worth of goods in one week.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer of the City. I went on Saturday to search for Burrowes, at several places round the Waterloo-road; I found him in a street just by the Surrey Theatre - I took him into the Prince of Wales public-house, and told him I had him in custody for robbing his master at Bath, of some property; he said, "I am willing to go with you:" I took a coach, and brought him to the Mansion-house - when I told him I had him in custody he said, "I suppose I shall go to Somersetshire - I told him to ask me no questions, as it was not my duty to give him answers. When we were in the coach he said if he asked me a question would I give him an answer; I said I begged he would not, as I certainly would not answer - I left him at the Mansion-house, and went with Mr. Cope to Isaacs'; he acknowledged before me that he had received 103l. worth of goods from Burrowes, at Bath; I did not see him deliver the handkerchiefs. I went over to Clifford-street next day, to Burrowes' lodging, which Withers had pointed out; I there found a shawl, a piece of black silk, some papers, and four duplicates. I then went to the Prince of Wales, and got this parcel, containing other goods, claimed by the prosecutor. I went to the New Inn with Mr. Cope - she produced a gown-piece or something, but would not deliver it up: I again went to the New Inn, and opened a bureau, with some keys which I took from Burrowes; I there found a duplicate, two pocket-books, a quantity of letters, and a diamond pin.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. All you know about Burrowes' lodging in Clifford-street, is from Withers? A. No - the landlord told me so, and showed me the room.
MR. COPE. I am certain Isaacs mentioned about receiving goods from Burrowes, at Bath; Brown was not present at that time, I think; as I was up stairs with Isaacs; I found in Burrowes' pocket-books two invoices - one amounts to 45l. 7s. 8 1/2d., and the other to 58l. 10s., and this receipt, which is for 103l. 17s. 8d.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What did you go up stairs with Isaacs for? A. He said he had some handkerchiefs in his desk up stairs. When we came down I resumed the conversation; Brown was present then; he was not present all the time - I think he heard about going to Bath.
MR. ROSE re-examined. I have no doubt that these invoices are in Burrowes's hand writing - they are written on exactly the description of paper I use; the receipt for 103l. is in Burrowes's writing; Burrowes was not out of my service for two days while in my service - the tickets produced are all my writing and were affixed to my goods - I have not been at home since the goods were found, to examine if I miss them - they are such goods as I have in my stock; these pink handkerchiefs are rather damaged with folding, and I bought them under price in consequence of that; here is fifty-two yards of bobbin net mentioned in one of the invoices; and here is the ticket which was on an article of that description.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. It is not impossible to make a mistake about the goods? A. It is possible. I saw two pairs of silk hose at the Mansion-house, with marks on them, which I am certain were such as I use, but I couldnot swear to the writing, as it was not mine - these tickets are my own writing; Burrowes was rather more than three months with me - I think he came just after we had taken stock - I may have come to London for three days while he was with me, but I cannot recollect; if Burrows had been absent I should have heard of it.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Your's is a large concern? A. Yes - I have a stock worth 12,000l. or 14,000l.; I took stock in August - it was at first intended to have the prisoner tried in Somersetshire; I could not swear to a loss unless it was to a very great extent - I have seven shopmen and three apprentices - Burrowes occasionally carried goods out to ladies; he might go out at the private door twenty times a day and not be noticed - I have lace occasionally sent me on sale or return, from Nottingham, but I never mark them - I have been in business five or six years, and may occasionally send out goods with the private markon them; if I had seen these goods in another shop I should not have had any suspicion - I never heard of Burrowes being in business - I gave him warning for being out after eleven o'clock at night - I have been to a Mr. Stokes where I had bought some poplin.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Is your private mark a word or sentence? A. A sentence. When I saw the stockings, I said the letters were the same as my marks, but were not my writing; but these tickets are my own writing - if I was in town it must have been on the 2d of November - I was not in town on the 10th of October - I was at home then I am certain - the prisoner could not have come to town in October without my knowledge.
The invoices were here referred to; one was dated "London, 1st July, 1827 - Henry Adlam, bought of John Burrowes; the amount 47l. 7s. 8 1/2d;" the other, "London, 33, Basinghall-street, July 17, 1827; Henry Adlam, bought of John Burrowes, amount 58l. 10s." The receipt was - "Received 1st of October, 1827, of Mr. H. Adlam, 103l. 17s. 8d. for goods as per bills,
John Burrowes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FRANCELLON
               



            . I am warehouseman to Messrs. Roger and Co. of Watling-street - Mr. Rose deals with them - last July I sold him forty-one dozen and five silk handkerchiefs; I believe these pink ones to be some of them - they are faded in the fold; here are some others like them which we have left - they are the same in quality, colour and damage; they were sold under the regular price.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you not sold such articles to other people? A. No doubt of it.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you ever sell any to Burrowes? A. No.
- BONES. My father keeps the Prince of Wales, Waterloo-road. Burrowes frequented our house; he left a brown paper parcel of goods with me; I gave it to Brown the officer - these are them; he told me to keep them till he returned for them - this was two days before Brown came.


                  GEORGE 
                  OLDING
               



             being called on his recognizance did not appear.
BURROWES' Defence. Previous to my being employed by Mr. Rose. I was in the habit of buying and selling goods sometimes on credit, and if I had an invoice I destroyed it, and made a fresh one - they were generally five or ten per cent. lower than the regular way. Mr. Rose's private mark is "A Discovery," and many people use that mark - I myself use it, and can prove that the stockings produced at the Mansion-house were bought for cash. I got embarrassed, left off this jobbing, and took a situation. I had 120l. worth of goods in my possession, when I went into Mr. Rose's service; and, knowing Isaacs when in business at Kingston, I gave him the goods to sell, and a list of persons I did business with; I was to allow him five per cent. to sell them for me, but having goods of his own, he could not attend to mine, and sold none, except to Olding. Isaacs came to Bath to know if he might let him have goods; I said he might, and take off ten per cent for bills: both the bills were dishonoured, and I put it into my Solicitor's hands, but afterwards took my goods back. I then came from Bath; Isaacs asked me to lend him 10l. - I lent him a bill of 16l. on Olding: I told Isaacs to sell the goods for money; and the person will appear who I bought them of. When I was a town traveller in the lace trade, I knew Withers - he lived with Mr. Scott, in Ratcliff-highway; I recommended him to a Mr. Ridgway, and before the shop was opened, he and another young man took the whole stock of furs to Rotherham's; sold them, and then started - this was the first I knew of him: I did not see him again till the day after Christmas, when I met him in Sidney's-alley; he said he was in the lace trade: I said if he had anything cheap, I would buy it; he said he wanted a situation, but he had 200l. or 300l. in his pocket, which he spent very freely - he got me into a kind of labyrinth, and we were spending our money together. The tickets for the masquerade were given us, and while there, I was in liquor - he took my gold watch from me, and kept it; I asked him for it at the New Inn, and he deliberately stated that he knew nothing of it; but, by Browning speaking to him watch in possession of a woman of the town. I found Isaacs was not in the lace trade, and on that account I cut him, and he then entered into a league with this person. I shall prove he said if it cost him his life he would do for me.
ISAACS' Defence. I received the goods from Burrowes, but whether they were stolen or not, I do not know. As to Brown, he was as near to me as Mr. Cope was.


                  CHARLES 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I am a linen-draper, and live at No. 180, Oxford-street. I know Withers, and would not believe him on his oath.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Do you know Burrowes? A. Yes; he lived with Mr. Hopwood my neighbour; he has formerly sold me goods, but not since November.


                  HENRY 
                  KNOWLES
               



            . I am in no particular business; I have an agent in France; I live in West-square, Lambeth - I send goods abroad; I know Burrowes, and have had dealings with him since the beginning of last year - he was then buying goods in the linen-drapery line, or anything he could get cheap; he bought of me, shawls and lace of different kinds, and silk shawls of a variety of colours;(looking at a book) here is an entry of the 12th of February, 1827, it is a job lot of 10l. 8s., of different sorts of shawls - they were all shawls; here are some veils and lace in September last to the amount of about 16l.; here is "6th July, 6 pieces of Badanna, 13l. 10s.;" and "20th August, 16l." but I have not got the particulars of that; here is an entry "September 10th, 1827, 6 veils, and 6 lace collars, 5l. 10s." I served him with the goods, and the entries are in my hand-writing: the transactions were personal - I knew he was a jobber.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. This book you say is in your hand-writing? A. Yes; it was all written at the times it is dated; I keep no other book - my agent's name is William Brewer, of Ghent; he keeps the English exchange-office - I lived in Kennington-lane, before I came to West-square; when I dealt with the prisoner I lived at the Horns public-house, in Gutter-lane: I was not then resident in London - I believe the prisoner then lived at No. 33, Basinghall-street - I believe he had a counting-house or room there.
Q. Did you deliver these goods there? A. He generally came to me; I cannot say whether he came home in July; this entry of September is in pencil - the regular books I have, are not in town.
Q. Now will you swear you saw him in town in September? A. Yes; I sold him these goods, and delivered them personally, in town; they might be sent to him - they were sent to him on the 10th of September, here in London.
Q. If you did not deliver them to him, personally, in London, where did you deliver them? A. I sent them to him where he was staying in Nichols-square - I did not see him there - he called on me not more than three or four days before the parcel was delivered; he called on me at a house in Newgate-market where I was to meet him; it was at a private house; a coffee-house in Ivy-lane, kept by Franklin, on the right-hand, going to Newgate-street; I saw him there three or four days before the 10th of September, and he gave me this order - I am now living at No. 8, West-square, and keep the house; I cannot swear these are any of the goods I sold him - there are hundreds and thousands like these.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Had you any dealing with Burrowes for goods of this kind in 1826? A. Yes.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you ever go by the name of McQuire? A. No: nor any name but Knowles.


                  JAMES 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am a linen-draper, and live in Fleet-market; my brother sold Burrowes six pair of half silk hose; a short time ago - he sold three pair; the money was returned, and other goods taken - I believe Mr. Rose came to me about them, and said he supposed they might be his: but I compared the three pair with others, and said I believed they had been bought of me.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. It appeared that the prosecutor's shop mark corresponded with yours? A. Yes; he was satisfied, and it went no further.
- WARNER. I am in the employ of a lace house, in Lad-lane. I have sold Burrowes linen-drapery and haberdashery, and have bought lace of him - I have known him three years; I have sold Knowles goods, perhaps, to the amount of 200l.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When did you sell Burrowes any thing? A. Not within the last twelve months - I think he then lived in Maiden-lane.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWNING
               



            . I keep the New Inn, Old Bailey. I have known Burrowes about two years; he lodged at my house now and then - Isaacs came there two or three times - I knew Withers; he came once or twice, and stopped a night now and then.
Q. Has ever any conversation passed, in your presence, between Burrowes, Isaacs, and Withers, respecting a robbery at Bath? A. Never; he never admitted robbing his master at Bath in my presence - I heard of Burrowes going to a masquerade, and I heard Withers say he could tell him where his watch was, and he told me so - Burrowes was complaining of its being taken from him - Withers came to my house about a fornight ago or more; he said Burrowes was in confinement for breaking glass, and if I would give him 7s. 6d. he could release him - I had not a good opinion enough of him, to give it him - I did not offer it to him. Mr. Rose came to my house, and said he was robbed, and looked at some goods which had been bought of Burrowes - the poplin was not bought of him; there was a shawl; I do not know whether he claimed that; Burrowes maintained an honest and respectable character.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When did he go to Bath? A. About six weeks ago; I did not see him again till November; he sent no parcel to my house during all that time; there was a little child's cloak; nothing else; nobody came to my house for parcels sent by him; not to my knowledge - he was there some weeks in November, and has offered shawls for sale - I never saw lace - there was handkerchiefs - I am not able to say where he lived; I have heard people speak well of him at Woolwich, where his parents live, and in London.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you give him a fair price for the shawl? A. Yes; Mr. Rose said so - there was no concealment about it - I have known his parents seven or eight years.
COURT. Q. How often, while Burrowes was at your house, have you seen Withers with him? A. It is only recently that I have seen Withers with him at all - I never saw him and the prisoners there all three together, to my knowledge - I have no doubt of their being friends.
BURROWES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
ISAACS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
