





Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
222. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of November
, 2 coats, value 3l.; 3 pairs of pantaloons, value 2l.; 7 cravats, value 7s.; 4 collars, value 2s.; 1 jacket, value 6s.; 1 hat, value 5s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 1l.; 1 pair of boot-trees, value, 7s.; 2 pieces of sponge, value 6d.; 1 night-cap, value 6d.; 3 waistcoats, value 3l.; 1 pair of drawers, value 1s.; 1 shirt, value 10s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 5s.; 2 brushes, value 1s.; 1lb. of gunpowder, value 3s.; 1 pair of gaiters, value 1s.; 3 pairs of hose, value 3s., and 1 trunk, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Frederick Charles 
                  Burt
               




            .
Mr. McDOWALL conducted the prosecution.
FREDERICK CHARLES BURT, Esq.
 On the 3d of November I came from Derbyshire - I arrived in Harley-street at half-past eight o'clock, and missed my trunk, which had been fastened on the foot-board of the carriage; I saw it safe at Watford, sixteen miles from town; I found the prisoner at Mary-le-bone office, next morning, with it; I claimed it; here is all the property.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  INNESS
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 3d of November, at a quarter past eight o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner in Southampton-row, with this trunk on his shoulder; I asked where he was going with it - he said,"To No. 10, Maida-vale," and that he had brought it from the White Horse Cellar, Piccadilly - but as he was not going that way, I sprang my rattle, and secured him; I took the trunk to the office, and produce it here.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TRODD
               



            . I was serjeant of the night, and assisted in securing him, with the trunk on his shoulder.
Prisoner's Defence. A decent dressed man hired me to carry it, and said he would give me a shilling; I said I did not know that it was the White Horse Cellar that I had brought it from; I said, "Come over to the corner where the gentleman is," but he refused.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
