





1050. 
               
                  BARNET 
                  ABRAHAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of March
, 11 books, value 36s.; and one quilt, value 8s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  John Jones 
                  Price
               




            .


                  CHARLES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Price, a pawnbroker
 of Wentworth-street. On the night of the 22d of March, about a quarter before eleven o'clock, I observed our inside window open; I was behind the counter opposite to it - I saw the prisoner with the window in one hand, and a bed quilt in the other, tied up in a handkerchief, which had been in the window; I gave an alarm - he went to the door and tried to escape; the shop was full of people - I went out and seized him; he dropped the quilt on his left side, the moment he got out at the door.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was at Mr. Price's; I saw Brown jump over the counter, and go to the door; he took hold of the prisoner, and I took hold of him - I saw him drop the quilt and several books at the same time.


                  JOHN 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am a watchman; I took the prisoner down to the watch-house - I searched him, and found a pair of shoes on him.


                  JOHN 
                  DUNGATE
               



            . I produce the property which was brought to the watch-house with the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  JONES PRICE
               



            . I keep this shop; I was at home, and heard a bustle - I told Brown to jump over the counter, and see what was the matter, which he did; these articles are my property - they were brought in by different people out of the street; he came in by the door, and there are folding doors to the window, fastened with a button, eight feet high - I should not have thought a person could have reached it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went to pawn a pair of shoes that night; they accused me of having the property - but there was none on me, it was out at the door.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
