





1890. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  BLACKETT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of September
, 1 half-crown, 1 sixpence, and 4 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        James 
                        Shedick
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES SHEDICK. I am a machine-maker
. Last Sunday morning I was at the Ship public-house Shoreditch


, about eight o'clock in the morning; I laid my head on the table, and was half a sleep. I awoke, and felt the prisoner's hand coming out of my pocket; I seized it, with my money in it; he had taken a half-crown, four shillings, and a sixpence - I tried to get it from him, but could not. I told shelandlord, who told me to go next door and get an officer; I did so - the prisoner then got away, over the road; I had not been above ten minutes in the house - he was sitting close by me all the time; there was nobody between us.


                  JAMES 
                  WACKETT
               



            . I was at the Ship, and saw the prisoner sitting one off from the prosecutor - there was a person between them; Shedick was asleep - he rose up, and said, "I have lost 7s.;" he laid hold of the prisoner, and said he had got it.
Q. Did you tell the Magistrate there was another man between them? A. Yes.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in charge, in Lamb-street, Spitalfields; I found 3s. 6d. on him, and 6d. in copper; Shedick appeared sober, and said he found the prisoner's hand in his pocket - the prisoner said nothing to it.
JAMES SHEDICK. When I awoke I saw the prisoner's hand coming out of my pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. There was another man between us- I received that 4s. for my work.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
