





Before Lord Chief Baron Alexander.
324. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     COCKHEAD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of December
, 6 shirts, value 3l.; 5 towels, value 15s.; 18 spoons, value 9l.; 2 pairs of trousers, value 2l.; 3 table-cloths, value 30s.; 3 waistcoats, value 1l.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 9s.; 2 pairs of sheets, value 3l.; 1 gown, value 30s., and 50 yards of sheeting, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Housman
                        




                     
                  , her master
, in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  HOUSMAN
               



            . I live in Frederic-cottage, Goswell-road


 - the prisoner entered my service on the 10th of August; and in October I gave her some linen to make into towels, table-cloths, and sheets. On the 20th of December, in consequence of suspicion, I went into her bed-room with my servant boy and sister; the room was locked, but I found an old key which opened it; and in her drawer I found sixty or seventy duplicates, about fifty of which relate to my property - she was out then - I called her up, and when she came in, I told her what I had found - she said voluntarily that she was sorry for it, and that they were duplicates of my property; when I searched her room, I think if the sheets had not been on her bed, I should have noticed it - I took the duplicates from her, and told her to go about her business; she left that evening, and I soon after sent a constable after her - he brought her back, and I told her, as I had missed things whichthere were no duplicates for, I had made up my mind to prosecute her; she said she hoped I would think better of it.


                  CHARLES 
                  WALTON
               



            . I am in Mr. Housman's service. I went to the prisoner's bed-room with him, and saw him find the duplicates - when she returned, master told her, in my presence, what he had found; she acknowledged pawning the things, and that they were his property - he asked why she did it - she gave no sufficient reason, and in the evening he sent her away - I went with the constable to Parr's-place, Goswell-road, and found her coming out of a house there.


                  JOHN 
                  KINGSBURY
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in Parr's-place, and brought her to Mr. Housman, who told her he was determined to prosecute - he gave me some duplicates, and she gave me some from her pocket.


                  THOMAS 
                  REDPATH
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Walter, a pawnbroker of Goswell-road. I have a silk gown, a pair of silk-stockings, 2 sheets, 2 handkerchiefs, 2 shirts, a gravy-spoon, a table-cloth, a pair of trousers, and 2 spoons, which were pawned at different times by a woman, but not the prisoner; the duplicates I gave the person are among those produced.


                  ROBERT 
                  MOSS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pawned a table-spoon with me for 5s. on the 19th of December.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKBURN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have six spoons, a table-cloth, two pieces of sheeting, a piece of linen, and several other articles pawned by the prisoner at different times, from the 22d of August up to the 22d of November - I am certain of her person.
MR. HOUSMAN. This property is all mine - no one article is worth 40s.
Prisoner's Defence. My master is a single gentleman
, and I do not think he knows much about housekeeping - he sometimes gave me a sovereign a-week, and I have gone twelve days without money - he kept a table like a gentleman - I was expected to supply it, and pawned these things to procure what was necessary.
GUILTY. Aged 34.




               Of stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
