





352. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SKEGG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
, two trusses of clover-hay, value 4 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Tuck
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  TUCK
               



            . I am a market-gardener
, and live at Edmonton


; the prisoner was my carman
. On the 15th of December, I received information, and examined the hay in the stable; I wrote my name on paper, and the constable put it in the truss; on another paper the constable wrote his own name and put it in. We were watching, about one o'clock in the night of the 16th, saw the prisoner come out with the truss of hay on his shoulder and put it in a ditch. He then brought out a second truss, and afterwards brought out his allowance hay, which is half a truss, for his horses. He then brought his horses out, and was putting them in his cart, I went and examined the hay and concealed myself. He brought his cart in the road, then took the two trusses from the ditch, put them in the cart, and drove on. I followed him to town, and at Tottenham High-cross a man ran up and spoke to him; the hay was then put into a ditch. I had him secured at Spitalfields. I can swear the hay is mine.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. What was the cart loaded with - A. Vegetables. After he was taken we returned to the ditch, but the hay was gone.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GIBSON
               



            . I saw the hay in Tuck's stable covered with straw, I saw the prisoner bring the two trusses out of the stable, and put them in the ditch; he afterwards put them in the cart, and then drove off. I saw the hay on the cart at Tottenham - I was before the cart, and saw it was not in the cart when he got to the watering-house. I took him at Spitalfields, and asked him what he had done with the two trusses of hay; he said he threw them in a ditch by the Seven Sisters, at Tottenham. I went and saw the marks of them there.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not see him throw them in the ditch - A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
