





1476. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BATEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of August
, one watch, value 4 l.; one chain, value 1 s.; two seals, value 30 s.; one handkerchief, value 5 s., and eight shillings
            , the property 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Nantze
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  NANTZE
               



            . I am a carpenter
. I fell in company with the prisoner on the 12th of August, about twelve o'clock, in Holborn. I stopped up in a door way out of the rain; she asked me to go home, and said I need not be afraid, for she had a decent room of her own. I said I would go for an hour or two out of the rain; she took me up Frying-pan Alley


, up one pair of stairs. I put my breeches on a chair by the bedside. I had 16 s. in silver, a watch and seals, and a handkerchief in my hat, which was on the table; she fastened the door herself - she got up about six o'clock in the morning, and went out of the room; she returned As soon as I got up, I missed 8 s. out of 16 s., and enquired for an officer - I got one at last, and Ballard produced my handkerchief. I had given her no money - I drank nothing but a glass of gin and water. I had been out with a friend - I was not intoxicated - I supposed her to be a girl of the town. I told her I only wanted a place of shelter. I did not go to bed till three o'clock in the morning; the rain began about twelve o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I am an officer. On the 12th of August, about eight o'clock, I was fetched, and took the prisoner to Hatton-garden. I went to a room next to the house the prisoner lodged in, and saw a pocket between the bed and sacking, concealed in the bed, also a silk handkerchief, and 4 s.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HOLTON
               



            . The prisoner lived in the same house as I did; the pocket was found in the room next door. She was absent after the robbery; I had heard her going in and out that morning.



                  JAMES 
                  NANTZE
               



            . I swear to the handkerchief, and one shilling is split in two.
Prisoner's Defence. He was very drunk, and the door was open all night.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
