





270. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     SANSOME
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of December
, 1 coat, value 5s.
             the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Nutall
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  NUTALL
               



            . I live near Vincent-square


. Westminster. About the beginning of December, I missed a blue butcher's frock-coat and flannel waistcoat which hung in my yard to dry - I think it was on a Wednesday; I spoke to Harris, the officer, about it - they had been my husband's: I am a widow - I missed them after dark, before they could be dry.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROSE
               



            . I live in Duke-street, Waterloo-road- I know the prisoner. A boy, named Brown, brought me a butcher's blue frock to dispose of.
JOHN BROWN. I live in Duke-street. I know the prisoner - he came to my father the beginning of December- he had once lodged at my father's; he brought a frockcoat and a flannel waistcoat, and asked my father to let him hang it on the line to dry, as it was wet - he afterwards asked me to go and sell them at Mr. Rose's, down the street; he said he would give me 3d., and if Rose should ask me where I got them from, I was to say an uncle of his had died and left them to him: I took it to Rose's - he told me to ask 2s. 6d. on it, but Rose was not at home and I left it there.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I produce the coat which I got from Rose's house, and a flannel waistcoat which I found at Brown's.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROSE
               



            . This is the coat: when I came home I found it at my house - I went to Brown's and saw him on the stairs; I asked him who the coat belonged to - he said to his uncle; I asked where his uncle was - he knocked at the door and the prisoner came out; he asked me half a crown for it, and I gave him 1s. 6d. - I kept it till the constable got it from me.


                  HENRY 
                  SANSOME
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother - Brown is my wife's son; my brother brought a coat to my lodging the first Wednesday in December - it was wet; he asked me to allow him to hang it on the line, which I did- he came and breakfasted with me next morning; he dried the coat, folded it up and said he should go to Westminster to get a customer for it; I went over the bridge with him as I was going that way - when he was drying the coat he shewed me this flannel waistcoat; I asked him to give it to me, and he did so.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Before Mr. Justice James Parke.
