






1122. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BURCHELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of May

, 1 ring, value 9s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Turney
               



            ; and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  AUSTIN
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen
            .
MARY BLAKE. I live at No. 4, King's-road, Sloane-square



. Turney was an assistant to me. Burchell came on the 3d May, about 1 o'clock to look at my lodgings for a lady, he said he wanted a wine and coal cellar and the first floor - he went down stairs to look at the house, and was in the front kitchen, he opened a closet, and asked me for some paper to put down the terms - I said I thought he could recollect twenty-five shillings a-week, he still asked for paper, and I gave him some - he placed the inkstand on a shelf which the ring laid on - he went away, and in about an hour I missed it - he did not hire the lodgings, and was quite a stranger. I saw him again that evening, and asked if he was the person who had been to my house - he said he had never seen me before.
Prisoner BURCHELL. Q. Did not you take the inkstand off the shelf? A. I cannot say; but you put it up - the ring was by the side of it; I had seen it safe that morning - nobody but him had been to the house.


                  RICHARD 
                  MAYBANK
               



            . I am an officer. Burchell was brought to the watch-house on this charge, about nine o'clock at night, by Blake and Frazer.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FELL
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Thompson, a pawnbroker, of Chelsea. On the 3d of May Austin pawned this ring.


                  MARY 
                  TURNEY
               



            . I am acquainted with Blake. I left my ring on the kitchen shelf, close by the inkstand - Burchell came there, and after writing the terms down he put the inkstand on the shelf - he looked very hard at mein the face; I am certain of his person - this is my ring.


                  JAMES 
                  THOMAS FRAZER
               



            . I am a nurseryman. Blake and the prosecutrix came and told me they were robbed. Burchell came up - and they said "There is the very man going to my gate." I went over and asked who he wanted - he said Mr. Saunders. I said two ladies over the way, wanted him, (Austin was with him). I brought them over - the ladies identified Burchell positively - and he was taken to the watch-house.
BURCHELL'S Defence. I had not been near the house at all; there are several queer houses there, which they call lodging houses.
BURCHELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
AUSTIN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
