






85. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  BALL
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  TOVEY
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, 2 harrows, value 4l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Doggett
               




            .
JAMES DOGGETT. I am a farmer
, and live at Stoke Newington


. On Tuesday, the 27th of November, two harrows were missed out of my ground; some parts of them are here, and part seemed to have been burned; I believe these to be part of my harrows, as they are of a particular make, and one has been mended in a singular way; I knew Tovey - I have heard of Ball.


                  THOMAS 
                  DOGGETT
               



            . I am the prosecutor's nephew. I went with the officer to search Tovey's house, where we found this iron work, and these pieces of burnt wood; I am positive this iron belonged to my uncle's harrows.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you any particular mark on this iron? A. No; but I know this piece - it is a chain, which I put on myself; I knew it again directly - it is not fit for a harrow, but I put it on as we had no better - it is not commonly used for such a purpose; and here is another piece I know.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Doggett. I know his harrows very well, and was at work with them on the 23d of November; I missed them on the 27th - I am certain these irons belong to them - here is every thing corresponding with the iron, and some of the wood-work matches it - it would not match other wood-work; I can swear to this iron - it is the coupling of the harrows; it came apart one day, and I fastened it together, and can swear to it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You mended it? A. Yes, as well as I could - I know all the iron.


                  ROBERT 
                  BOYD
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Doggett. On Tuesday, the 27th of November, I went to work in the field, and missed the harrows; I had seen them two or three days before; I informed master, and we afterwards traced them from where they had been, across two fields, over a hedge, then over two fields and a bank, to within one hundred yards of Tovey's house; I saw Ball at the gate of the house: I went and got Brown, the officer; he told me to go in and see what the sawing, which we heard, was about. I went in, and saw Ball sawing up the harrows; I touched him, and said, "Samuel, I am sorry for you." Here is the piece he was cutting; I then called in Brown; we took Ball and the harrows; I am positive they are master's - I saw them making, and used them many times about the farm. Tovey was not there; I remained in the house while Ball was taken to the watch-house - I could swear to the harrows from a hundred.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you any private mark on them? A. Here are three nails in one piece, where it had been broken. I understand Benjamin Ball has left the country - I have not seen him since the transaction; I have heard he lived in the same house; I know Tovey has lodgers.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. I went to the watch-house with Ball; I found part of the property in Tovey's closet, and part in the fire; Tovey's girl was cutting up part of the wood with a pick-axe; the iron was in a loft; I took Tovey at the workhouse, where he was at work; he said he was innocent.
Cross-examined. Q. Do not other people live in his house? A. Yes, a woman and a man; I saw the woman there - she might be Mrs. Tovey, for what I know; Benjamin Ball, and all the rest of them, were there; I cannot find him - I believe he has absconded; I did not see Tovey in the house.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DUSSETT
               



            . I took Tovey in charge.
BALL's Defence. Tovey was not at home.
BALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
TOVEY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
