






SECOND DAY. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8.
Fourth Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
111. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  EAST
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JORDAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of November
, 2lbs. of sausages, value 16d., and 2lbs. of butter, value 16d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Jacobs
               




            .
JOHN JACOBS. I keep a poulterer's-shop
 at Kingsland


. On the 7th of November I lost 2lbs. of sausages and some butter - my boy, Arthur Bell, gave me information, and in about five minutes I saw the prisoners - they were searched, and 1lb. of sausages and 2lbs. of butter were taken from Jordan's hat - nothing was found on East - he was taken first, and conveyed to the Lamb public-house- Jordan gave no account of how he got them.


                  ARTHUR 
                  BELL
               



            . I am eleven years old, and am in the service of Mr. Jacobs. I saw East walking about my master's shop, for half an hour, and he then came and took 2lbs. of sausages and two rolls of butter - he ran off, and I ran after him; I cried Stop thief! and a coal-heaver stopped him in the field. I went to tell my master, and as we were going to where he was, the coalheaver let him go - I saw him, but did not know him; some people said, "There he goes," and a publican stopped him - he was taken to the Lamb, but there was nothing found on him. I had not seen Jordan when I left East with the coal-heaver.


                  JOHN 
                  CHAMBERS
               



            . I saw the two prisoners brought to the watch-house, and I asked them several questions; East said he received 6d. a day relief from St. Luke's parish, and Jordan said he had received 5s. on the Friday before, but that was not enough to live on; and I heard them say, "We shall get seven pennyworth for this."


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a constable. I saw these two boys on the 7th of November, near the Lamb; Jacobs had got Jordan, and the landlord East. I searched them, and found the sausages and two rolls of butter in Jordan's hat; Jacobs claimed them. I found on East a knife and a tobacco-stopper.
JORDAN'S Defence. I was coming home, and a person asked me if I would have any sausages and butter; I said Yes, and I put them into my hat; I saw a mob of people round the Lamb - I went up, and this man took hold of me.
EAST - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
JORDAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
