





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
1972. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DRINKWATER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of September
, 1 watch, value 20s.; 1 ring, value 10s.; 1 diamond-pin, value 15s.; 12 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, 5 half-crowns, 9 shillings, 2 sixpences, and 1 5l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Partington
                     



                  ; and 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           WilliamCharles 
                           Heydinger
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said William Partington
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARTINGTON
               



            . I am a clock and watchmaker
, and live in Paddington-street


; the prisoner was my errand-boy
 for three years - Mr. Heydinger lodged with me. On the 12th of September, in consequence of suspicion, I called the prisoner into the parlour, and said, "Mr. Heydinger has lost some silk handkerchiefs, do you know any thing about them?" he said, No: that he had nothing but an old handkerchief - I said, "The best way will be to go down into your room, and search all the way upwards;" he slept in the back kitchen - Mr. Heydinger accompanied me down; the prisoner was present, and I believe opened his box himself - the first thing found was a half-handkerchief, with Heydinger's initials - and on searching further we found the other half; they were put together and made one handkerchief; we found a silver watch of mine on him - it had hung in my shop for sale; he never had permission to take any thing for his own use; I lost a 5l. note, which has not been found - we found the ring and diamond-pin in a box in the next kitchen to where he sleeps; he broke the box open himself - the things found are not worth 5l.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHARLES HEYDINGEE
               



            . I lodge at the prosecutor's, and was present when the prisoner was asked about my handkerchief; he said he knew nothing about it; I saw the two halves found in his box - both are mine, and formed one handkerchief when I lost it; I saw the other things found.


                  HENRY 
                  RICHARD BUCKERIDGR
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for; five sovereigns, half a sovereign, two shillings, and two-sixpences, which I was informed were found on him, laid on the bed; I found this watch on his person - a diamond-pin and ring were given to me. Partingtington took a box from the chimney-piece - I broke it open, and found four half-crowns, two sovereigns, and half a sovereign - on my getting to the office, by some means, I missed the pin; I went back, and on throwing the clothes off the prisoner's bed, a pair of stockings fell down, in one of which I found five sovereigns.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARTINGTON
               



            . Before I went for the officer, I insisted on knowing every thing he had on his person or in his room; he then took a box, went into the other kitchen, got a hammer, broke it open, and there were five sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and a few sixpences, the diamond pin, and pearl ring - I had not lost any sovereigns or half-sovereigus.
Prisoner's Defence. I saved the money out of my wages.




               GUILTY (of stealing to the value of 4l.)
             Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
