





718. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DANBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of May
, two shirts, value 8 s.; one waistcoat, value 2 s.; one sheet, value 2 s.; one handkerchief, value 6 d.; one pair of stays, value 1 s., one piece of baize, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bovey
                        



                     
                  ; and one shirt, value 3 s., and one waistcoat, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Young
                  



               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  BRAND
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Margaret, Westminster. About twelve o'clock, on the 18th of May, I was on duty by the Abbey, the prisoner passed me with a bundle under his arm, I stopped him - he said he was going to take it to his mother.


                  GEORGE 
                  MILLER
               



            . I was constable of the night; the prisoner was brought to the watch-house; he said he had fetched the things for his mother to wash, and she lived at No. 18, Dean-street, and that it contained three shirts, but he did not know what the rest were. On opening the bundle I found them all wet, as if just washed - he got over a wall eight feet high, to get at them.


                  ANN 
                  BOVEY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Bovey
               



            ; we live in Little Chaple-street, Westminster


. I shut up at ten o'clock, leaving these things in the yard to dry - in the morning they were all gone. I found them at the watch-house.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ESTHER 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Young
               



            . We live in this house; my things were also stolen.
Prisoner's Defence. I was carrying them for a young man to No. 18, Dean-street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
