






Second London Jury - Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
739. 
               
                  MARY 
                  MUMFORD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of February
, 1 child's coral, value 5s.; 1 pair of sheets, value 5s.; 1 petticoat, value 3s.; 1 table cloth, value 2s.; 1 miniature painting, framed, value 20s.; 3 spoons, value 20s.; 1 cloak, value 5s.; 1 neck-chain, value 20s.; 1 pair of stays, value 1s., and 2 brooches, value 11s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Sayers
               




            , her master.


                  JUSTICE 
                  SAYERS
               



            . I am the wife of Edward Sayers; we live in Claremont-place, Rotherhithe


 - my husband is in the West Indies - the prisoner was my servant
 for a week- she was hired by the year - she left on the 5th of February, without notice, between five and six in the morning, and I missed the articles stated in the indictment - the miniature, chain, and brooch, were taken from my dressing-glass drawer, and the rest from different parts of the house - she was taken on the 11th, when a waterman gave me information.


                  MOSES 
                  FORTUNE
               



            . I am an officer. I received information, and was looking for the person on Sunday the 11th; the prosecutrix came and said she had received information where she was; I went with her to Goden-place-court, Minories; I found her laying on the bed with the prosecutrix's cloak round her; I said "Where are the other things" - she said "I will give them to you;" I found several of these articles in the room - she gave me two duplicates, which led to the rest of the property.


                  JOHN 
                  COOKE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Matthews, pawnbroker, Minories; I have a petticoat and table-cloth, pawned by the prisoner, on the 10th of February.


                  JOB 
                  VALENTINE WATKINS
               



            . I am shopman to John Allen, pawnbroker, Sparrow-corner; I have two spoons and a broach, pawned by the prisoner on the 5th of February.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
