






382. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     STODHART
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BASSETT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of March
, two watch-keys, value 10 s.; one brooch, value 10 s., and one pair of ear-rings, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Garraway
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  GARRAWAY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Garraway
               



            , who is a jeweller
, and lives in Little Queen-street, Westminster


. On Wednesday night, the 29th of March, about a quarter before eight o'clock, the prisoners came into the shop, and asked to see a gold seal; I was alone, and refused to shew them any. They then asked to look at some gold keys? and I shewed them four; they took them up, and asked the price of them? put them down, and drew a brooch towards them, which laid by me, and asked me the price of it? I said it was not for sale. They then reached farther across to a pair of garnet ear-rings; I said,
"Don't touch them, they are not what you asked for" - they then snatched up two gold keys, a brooch, and the ear-rings, and ran out. I followed them out, and there was a cry of Stop thief! but they got away; I am certain Stodhart is one, and believe Bassett to be the other, but am afraid to swear to him. They were apprehended next evening.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MILES
               



            . I am a constable. The prosecutrix sent for me, and I apprehended Stodhart at the corner of Chapel-street. I took him to the Castle, public-house, found the brooch in his waistcoat pocket, and a key dropped behind him - it must have dropped from him, as nobody was near him.


                  THOMAS 
                  PACE
               



            . I am an officer. I saw a mob before the public-house, went in, and assisted in searching Stodhart. I saw him throw the duplicate of a gold key away, which was pledged that day in the name of Bassett. I apprehended Bassett at the barracks near Buckingham Gate - he belongs to the 3d regiment of Guards. I told him that I took him on a charge of felony. He said,
"I suppose it is about the business of last night, being in company with Stodhart."


                  WILLIAM 
                  LANCE
               



            . I am shopman to Messrs. Graham and Co., who are pawnbrokers, and live in Stretton-ground, Westminster. On the 29th of March, about a quarter past eight o'clock, Bassett pledged a gold key with me in his own name.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BASSETT'S Defence. I met Stodhart, and he asked me to pledge the key.
STODHART - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BASSETT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
