





852. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  TAYLOR
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of March
, 1 watch, value 30s.; 1 seal, value 14s., and 1 watch-key, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Day
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS DAY. I am a carpenter
, and am married. I was coming from Kensington about eleven o'clock at night, on the 18th of March; I met the prisoner by Tyburn turnpike - she asked me where I was going; I said to Westminster; she asked if she should go with me; I said I had no objection. We came down Park-lane and went to Wood's mews


; my watch fell out of my fob; I suppose it was pulled out. I did not lay down - I was standing up, but my dress was loose. I picked up my watch, and put it into my great coat pocket; I remained with her two or three minutes after this - there was no bargain made, but I gave her 1s. 6d. - I cannot say whether that was before I dropped my watch. I then missed my watch, and told her she had got it - she denied it, and I gave charge of her; she was examined, and the watch could not be found - we then went to the place where we had been standing, but could not find it. We went to the watch-house again, and found it on her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KIMBERLEY
               



            . I was constable of the night. I received her in charge at the watch-house; the watch was not found on her, and she denied having any thing - the prosecutor said, "If she has not got it, one of the watchmen has;" I searched the watchmen, but none of them had it. I sent the beadle out with a light, but he could not find it; I then searched the prisoner again, and found this watch in the small of her back, under her shift.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along Park-lane, and the prosecutor met me; we went down the mews, and he gave me 1s. 6d.; the watch fell from him, he took it up, and put it into his pocket; he gave it me to hold afterwards, and I would not give it him, because he would not give me another 1s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
