






491. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DUTTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, in the 18th of January

, one truss of hay, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Frost
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KNIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  JOHN 
                  STAINES
               



            . In January last I drove a team for Mr. Frost, of Finchley. On a Friday morning my master found something out; on the morning before we went to Northall with two teams, Dutton and I - each took two trusses of hay; the first house we stopped at was the White Horse, Potters End



, kept by Knight. Dutton left a truss of hay with Knight, and I left one - Knight gave me 1 s. for it. We had no orders to leave any hay there. The price was about 2 s. 6 d. a truss. Knight knew whose service we were in. I had known him from the Monday morning, had called at his house every morning for four days, and had spoken to him.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODERICK. Q. No money was given to Dutton - A. Not to my knowledge. I saw Knight take the hay out of the cart and put it in the stable. We were going further. It was not loose hay, it was a regular truss.


                  JAMES 
                  FROST
               



            . I am a farmer
, at Finchley



. Dutton and Staines were in my employ on my farm at Finchley. In consequence of something which I discovered, I took them up - Dutton absconded, and I did not catch him until the 16th of March. I took up Knight on the 23d of January, and told him what he was charged with; he was examined before the magistrate. On the 26th of January he called on me - he was hostler at the house - his master asked me, in his presence, to settle the business without going before the magistrate - I declined. I allowed the man half a truss of hay for the horses.
Cross-examined. Q. Knight was bailed, and has surrendered his morning - A. He has.


                  JOHN 
                  CONWAY
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended Knight on the 21st of January, by a warrant, for receiving stolen goods. I read the warrant. He said it was a bad job, but he had a good deal of money, and his family would be very well off.


                  ROBERT 
                  GRANSTON
               



            . I work for Mr. Frost. The day before Staines was taken up I met him and Bolton with two trusses of hay in the cart.
DUTTON'S Defence. I called my fellow-servant up to go to Northall, and put a truss and about 6 lbs. of hay in the cart, for the horses; when I got to the watering-house I took one truss out to bait the horses, took as much as I thought necessary, and left the rest with the hostler till I returned; he gave my fellow-servant a shilling to get some ale. Next morning we were going for another load, he said he had no food for his horses, and I gave him some chaff for them. My master asked what I had in my cart, I said there was a little for my fellow-servant; on searching his cart two trusses were found. I declare I know nothing of it - they made him drunk to get him to say bad things against me.
KNIGHT'S Defence. I never received the man's hay.
DUTTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.




               Confined Two Months
            , and 



               Whipped
            .
KNIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Lord Chief Justice Abbott.
