






1510. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SULLIVAN
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of September

, a clock, value 26 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Timothy 
                  Sullivan
               



            ; and 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  WATTS
               



             was indicted for feloniously 


               receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
SULLIVAN 


               pleaded GUILTY
            .





               Judgment Respited.
            



                  TIMOTHY 
                  SULLIVAN
               



            . I am the father of John Sullivan. I am a labourer
, and live at No. 2, Johnson's-court



. I went to the prisoner Watts' house, who keeps a marine-store-shop
 in Tothill-street. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Welsh
               



            , who works in the gas-works, went with me on the evening of Monday week, the 12th of September, about twelve o'clock, I had missed my clock from my room that day - my son was with me, and directed me to the house - the door was open, and Watts was at home - I said "Ma'am, do you know this boy?" she denied knowing him - I asked her son, who was in the room, if he knew him - he said he did - I said to Watts you must know my boy, as he has been here selling a clock this afternoon - she said she did not know him. Welsh said, "Mistress, here's the boy's father who owns the clock: we don't want to hurt you nor the boy; all we want is the clock; and here is the three shillings for you which you gave for it." She said to my son, "You bad boy, you are not trusty, to come into my house after you have robbed your father; you told me you had picked up the clock over the water, on a gentleman's steps; did you not say so?" - he said he did. Welsh then said, "Mistress, give us the clock, we don't want to hurt you." She then asked if I would take payment for it till the next morning, and she would return it, as it was not then in the house, and asked if thirty shillings would do till she sent the clock home. The boy had said before, in her presence, that she had given him three shillings for it. I said I would not leave the house till I got the clock, or she sent for an officer to take me up. She then whispered to her own boy, and he said would not two pounds do till I got the clock back again. I said I would take no money; I wanted nothing but the clock. She then told the girl to bring a pen and ink for me to write the number of my house, and she would send the clock home next day. She then laid down sixpence for a pot of beer to treat us. My wife then came, and brought the watchman to take my boy and her. She said to my wife, "Go home, woman; and your clock is at home before you." I told her to go home, as we had made it up, and I expected to have the clock every moment. As we were going out she came and took hold of my arm, and said she was a lone woman, and begged me not to hurt her, and she would send it home the next morning. She whispered to Welsh to make it up with me - she then went away, and I thought she was going to fetch the clock. I remained there till after eleven o'clock, when my wife and another woman came to call me, but the prisoner did not return. Her boy asked leave to go out to look for her, and he did not return. The next morning my wife went to see if she could get the clock - the prisoner said she knew nothing about it - she did not buy it. She was taken into custody. I have never seen the clock since.
Prisoner WATTS. He said, if I would give him 5 l. he would make it all right. Witness. I said it was not in my power to do so - on my oath I did not.


                  THOMAS 
                  WELSH
               



            . I am a stoker in the Gas-works. I went with the prosecutor - what he has stated is correct. The prisoner offered me 30 s. in the passage - I said I would go and speak to him. I went to Sullivan, and said "Will you take the money for the clock?" he said "No, I will not leave the house till I have got it." I went away before him, but I was there when the prisoner put a 6 d. on the table. I said "I am very dry," and she sent her girl to get the pot of beer.
Prisoner WATTS. This witness called me into the passage, and said, if I would sleep with him, he would make it all right with Sullivan. I said
"If you have any thing to say to me, come to me to-morrow-morning, and I will speak to you in a proper manner;" he took me round the neck and kissed me. Witness. I declare to my God I did not; she pulled out a purse, and offered a sovereign and 10 s., and I said to Sullivan "If I were you, I would take it and make it up."


                  THOMAS 
                  BOYLE
               



            . I know John Sullivan; he told me to stop at the end of the court - he went into his house, and brought out a clock in a bag. I went with him to the prisoner's house, in New Tothill-street - she turned me out, and would not let me go in. I stopped there till Sullivan came out again with 3 s. - he had left the clock and bag in the house.
Prisoner WATTS. I was on my bed at the time.Witness. She could stand, and walk about as well as I could, and got up and turned me out.
(Witnesses for the Defence.)


                  ELIZA 
                  WATTS
               



            . I am the prisoner's daughter. When the boy came to offer the clock, my mother asked him where he got it - he said he picked it up by the Marshgate; she said if he had stolen it from any body, she would have nothing to do with it - she asked him that several times; she said clocks were plentiful, and cheap enough, but she would not mind giving him 3 s. for it - she was very ill at the time, and could not get up - the other boy did not come in. I saw him at the door, but my mother did not turn him out - I will swear that - it was the boy's uncle who sent for the porter - it was my mother's 6 d. which she put upon the table to pay for some cheese for supper; my mother did not say to them, that if 2 l. would do, she would give it them. Sullivan said he would make it up for 5 l. My mother did not offer a sovereign and 10 s., she had not a sovereign about her. I heard of the man kissing my mother, and wanting to sleep with her, and I was quite shocked at it. I do not know what my mother usually buys. I was at home at the time. I had left my service at a public-house, and was at home, but I do not know what became of the clock.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  WATTS
               



            . I am thirteen years of age. I am the prisoner's son-in-law. The boy came in with the clock, and asked 12 s. for it; my mother asked where he got it; he said he picked it up at the Marsh-gate, at the steps of a door; my mother said clocks were very cheap, and said she would give him 3 s. for it. I then went out, but was at home in the evening, when Sullivan and Welsh came. I did not say that if 2 l. would do to make it up it should be given - I did not see my mother take out her purse, nor hear her say that it would be at home the next morning; she said it would be at home soon; and she did not offer to treat them with porter; Sullivan sent for it, and put the penny into his pocket; I did not hear the man say "I will take no money - I will have my clock;" but Welsh said he would take 5 l. to make it up with Sullivan.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
