






1216. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SHARP
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, a handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joel 
                           Weight
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOEL 
                  WEIGHT
               



            . I am a cloth factor
. On the 14th of July, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was in Regent-street


: my handkerchief was in my right hand coat pocket. Somebody gave me notice - I turned round, and saw Sharp near me, on my left hand, and Harris running away; he was brought back immediately, and I secured Sharp - my handkerchief laid on the ground, within a yard of me.


                  THOMAS 
                  MINTON
               



            . I am a tea-dealer, and live in Beak-street, at the corner of Regent-street. I was at my door, and saw the prisoners following Mr. White: they crossed over Beak-street, and at the corner of Regent-street, Sharp took hold of Mr. White's coat, took the handkerchief out. and gave it to Harris: I ran out, and seized them both; but before I could properly secure them they started, and Harris threw the handkerchief down: they were both secured. My window looks into Regent-street. They were both acting together.


                  JOHN 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am an officer. I took Harris, who was running as hard as he could.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SHARP's Defence. I heard a cry of Stop thief! but know nothing of this lad.
HARRIS'S Defence. I was running, being in a hurry.
HARRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
SHARP - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
