





217. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WILLIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of December
, 56 ozs. of tea, value 30 s.; 2 lbs. of sugar, value 1 s., and 8 ozs. of chocolate, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Deacon
                        




                     
                   and others, his partners, to whom he was servant

.


                  JOHN 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Deacon. On Sunday, the 7th of December, my master employed me to watch the prisoner, who was also in his service, and about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, I concealed myself in the shop, and at half-past nine, the street door bell rang; the female servant let the prisoner in - he had no orders to come on Sunday. He went up into the kitchen; then immediately came down into the shop, and took up a tin scoop, went round the counter to a canister of green tea, and took the scoop out full; he walked into the warehouse with it - he returned and took a second, and then a third scoop full, which would be about 4 lbs. together. He came through the shop in a few minutes, and went out - I followed him into the street, collared him, and brought him back. The officer found the tea, sugar, and chocolate on him - the sugar and chocolate were not in sight where I was concealed.


                  THOMAS 
                  DEACON
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live in Skinner-street, Snow-hill, and have other partners. I was concealed in the counting-house, but was not in a situation to see what the prisoner did. He lived nearly three years with me.


                  GEORGE 
                  HAZLEWOOD WORRALL
               



            . I am an officer, and received the prisoner in charge. I found above a pound of tea loose in each of his breeches pockets, and in his side pocket more tea, and above a pound in his hat, with paper over it - a can of chocolate in his pocket, and a pound of sugar on each side of his breast, next his skin.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
