





791. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BROOKMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of April
, a sheet, value 10 s.; a quilt, value 6 s.; and a pillow, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Thompson
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging room
            .


                  JAMES 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I deal in shell fish
, and rent a house in St. Martin's-lane


. The prisoner took a furnished room on my second floor, a few weeks before Christmas, at 5 s. a week - he remained there till the 9th of April; he was apprehended on another charge, and on examination we missed the property - he owed four weeks' rent; he said he was in town on a law suit.


                  JAMES 
                  LAWSON
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Dobrie, of Charing-cross, pawnbroker. I have a quilt which I took in pawn of the prisoner for 3 s. I am certain of him - he used our shop several times.


                  JOHN 
                  RAGG
               



            . I am shopman to Ashman and Son, of the Strand, pawnbroker's. I have a pillow pawned on the 3d of March, by the prisoner for 1 s.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BURGESS
               



            . I am foreman to M. Harris, pawnbroker, Strand. On the 1st of February, I took a sheet in pawn for 3 s. 6 d. of the prisoner.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended him at his lodging on another charge; there was only one sheet on the bed.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never intended to quit the lodging, without paying him in the most honorable way, but was taken away suddenly.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
