






1486. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  MILTON
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  FURNESS
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of June
, 1 pair of spectacles, value 2s., and 1 hat, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        Jonathan 
                        Bolton
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JONATHAN BOLTON. On the 26th of June I was in White-conduit-fields


, and went to sleep under a hay-stack about five o'clock in the morning; my spectacles were in my pocket, and my hat on my head; I awoke between six and seven, and missed them; I saw the spectacles found in Milton's pocket - he was then asleep, about one hundred and fifty yards off; Furness and two or three others were with him; somebody pointed the prisoner out to me; my hat was found next day in some hay.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FRANKHAM
               



            . I live at Pentonville, and was at work in this field. I saw Bolton without hat or shoes - I asked where they were - he said those three chaps, who lay on the grass, had got them - I went and saw them all laying together - I went to Bolton, who went and took Milton's hat off, and ran towards the stack - Milton said, "Give me my hat;" Bolton said, "Give me mine and my shoes, and I will give you yours;" a scuffle ensued, and Milton's hat was taken away.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WIGGETT
               



            . I was in the fields, and found a hat behind a load of hay.


                  THOMAS 
                  CAMPS
               



            . I am an officer. I and Palmer apprehended the prisoners.(Property produced and sworn to.)
MILTON'S Defence. The prosecutor came and took the spectacles out of my pocket - I had just found them in the grass - a lady saw me find them.
MILTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FURNESS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
