





287. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BROCKLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of December
, 7cwt. of lead, value 6l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Matthew Robinson 
                     Boulton
                  



               
             and 
               
                  James 
                  Watt
               



            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HAYLOCK
               



            . I am constable of St. Katharine's Docks


. On the night of the 25th of December I saw the prisoner on the premises, about seven o'clock; I watched him, and saw him go to a fence at the end of the engine-house; he got a ladder, and got on the top of the fence, and said, "It is all right" - I got behind a crane, and presently saw something put under the fence; the prisoner came round, drew it through a hole, and passed me - it appeared to me like a pig of lead; I went out at one of the gates, and round to Nightingale-lane, expecting to meet him, but he did not come - I went back, and got behind the crane; he came and passed me again - I again went to Nightingale-lane, but he did not come; I then went more on the works of the Docks, and in a few minutes I saw him and another man go down Nightingale-lane, without any thing; the prisoner went into a marine-store shop, and the other went away - the next morning I went in the track which the prisoner had passed along, and found one large pig of lead, and at a distance some other pieces, which appeared to have come from a melting-pot; I concealed myself that night, and saw the prisoner and another man come and cut one piece across - the prisoner took a piece up, and concealed it about his person; the other man went away: I ran across the works, and met the prisoner in Burr-street - the other man was not there; I asked the prisoner what he had got - he said nothing - I snatched his hands from his coat, which was clasped round him, and his small-clothes gave way; this piece of lead fell out - he said, "I suppose you know where I got it."
THOMAS HAYNES. I am a labourer, in the employ of Messrs. Boulton and Watt; they are engine-manufacturers- they have a large quantity of stores at St. Katharine's Docks; I have the key of them. On the 26th of December I saw the window of the engine-house had been opened- I missed four large pieces of lead, and some which had been melted in a pot; I have no doubt that this piece of lead is a part of one of the large pieces which had been in the engine-house, but it has been cut across - I had locked the engine-house on Christmas morning.
JOHN MOSLEY. I was agent to 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Robinson
               



             Boulton and James Watt; this lead was his property - I had seen it there two or three days before.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
