





286. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     INGREY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 7th of January
 two shawls, value 3 l.; and one scarf, value 30 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Parker
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  John 
                  Parker
               



            , who lives at Norton Falgate


, and is a linen-draper
. On the 7th January, about eight o'clock in the morning, the prisoner accompanied by another man came into the shop, and asked for some calico like that I had shewn him on the Saturday before; he said it was not wide enough; I said I had none wider; he bought one yard, paid 8 d. for it, and then went out; in about a minute I missed two shawls; I went after them down White Lion-street, and across Spital-square, and saw the prisoner in Lamb-street, with the other, and two or three more walking together, they turned down South-street; I came up to them just before they got into the market; and collared the prisoner; he knocked me away; the prisoner then ran across the market, I followed him, but the others hit me several times, and trod on my heels, and kicked my shoes off - I pursued the prisoner calling Stop Thief! he went into Red Lion-street, and I lost sight of him; his coat was picked up in the Fruit Market, and given to me - I am sure he is the man - I think he had come with the other man on the Saturday - he stood by the shawls.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Where were they found - A. In his pocket; I lost sight of him in the Market; I never said I did not think he was the man - he was not above ten minutes in the shop.


                  ADAM 
                  HASELTINE
               



            . I was in Spital-fields-market, and am a porter. I heard the witness cry Stop thief! and saw a man in a white coat running, I pursued and just as I turned the corner, I saw him drop his great coat, and ran into the market again; I picked it up and gave it to the boy - I lost sight of him, and in five minutes they said he was taken.
Cross-examined. Q. Had the boy come up - A.He was up before me.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVISON
               



            . I saw the boy and a man scuffling together, the man had a long white coat on; the boy cried Stop thief! I ran down South-street, and lost sight of him, as I was running into the market, I saw the coat laying down; there were many people running. The boy came up.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not White say he could not exactly tell whether he was the man - A. I believe he said something of the sort, but am not sure; somebody said so.


                  THOMAS 
                  HART
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge; and found the property in the coat pocket.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . It is my master's. The coat is exactly like what the prisoner wore.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
