






1722. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FUZZEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of August
, 15 planes, value 30s.; 2 saws, value 2s.; 2 squares, value 3s.; 1 pair of compasses, value 6d., and 4 chisels, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Malom
                        



                     
                  ; 2 planes, value 7s.; 1 pair of compasses, value 6d.; 2 chisels, value 6d.; 1 screw-driver, value 6d., and 1 square, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lincoln
                  



               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  MALOM
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and was working at Belvoir-terrace, Bridge-road, Vauxhall


. On Saturday night, the 11th of August, I left my tools all safe, and on Monday morning, I was going to work, I found the back kitchen window broken open, and all my tools from a box, and under the bench gone. I missed those stated in the indictment. I went to Mr. Graham, the pawnbroker, in Tothill-street, to give information, and as I came out of there I met Fuzzey coming in with a basket of tools - I let him go in, and then claimed them - they were part of mine.


                  THOMAS 
                  LINCOLN
               



            . I lost some tools in another house in the same terrace.


                  THOMAS 
                  PACE
               



            . I am an officer. On the morning of the 13th I was fetched to Mr. Harris's, a pawnbroker, and found Davis there, offering tools in pawn - he said they were his own. I searched him, and found a pair of compasses in his pocket - Malom claimed them.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  TIMBRELL
               



            . I took Fuzzey in charge with the tools. I found two squares on him at the watch-house.(Property produced and sworn to.)
FUZZEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
