





Before Mr. Baron Hullock.
979. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  CORCORAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of May
, a brooch, value 50 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Phineas 
                        Obree
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
PHINEAS OBREE. I live in Kingsland-road


, and deal in curiosites
. On the 9th of May, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was in the back room; the prisoner came into my shop, and said he wanted to look at a brooch; I shewed him two or three; he asked for one about 28 s.; I shewed him one, which would not do - he turned round, and went away: he was not two minutes in the shop, and in about ten minutes I missed a brooch, set with emerals and rubies; I gave two guineas and a half for it two years ago. Nobody but him could have taken it; nobody else had been in the shop.
Prisoner. I gave him 30 s. for it. Witness. He never gave me a farthing for it.


                  JOHN 
                  AARON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Houndsditch.On the 9th of May, between three and six o'clock, the prisoner pawned this brooch, for 6 s.; he asked me 12 s. or 15 s., but I did not consider it worth that; it is a tasty concern, but I would not give him half a guinea for it; he gave me the name of Croker, No. 8, New-street, and said it was his own, and that he gave 25 s. for it; I had seen him before, and am certain he is the man.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GILES
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On the 9th of May, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner in High-street, Shoreditch, going towards Kingsland - he was about half a mile from Obree's; I saw him coming back in about half an hour, and spoke to him; I saw a brooch in his hand, stuck on a piece of paper; I believe the one produced to be the same - I noticed the white stones in it: I said nothing to him about it.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say to me, "I dare say that will fetch 5 s. or 6 s.?" A. No.


                  CHARLES 
                  READ
               



            . I was with Giles, and saw the prisoner in Shoreditch. I apprehended him on the 10th, and told him it was for stealing a brooch, and asked where it was - "Oh!" he said, "the brooch I shewed your partner was a common brooch," and then said, "What, can the old man or woman swear to me?"
PHINEAS OBREE. This brooch is mine - my wife is an elderly person.
The prisoner pleaded distress.




               GUILTY. Aged 23. Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
