






741. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SUTTON
                  





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of May

, one copper, value 15 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Day
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAY
               



            . I am a broker
. I had a copper for sale, which stood in front of my place in City-terrace, City-road



. On the 9th of May, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was going home, and met the prisoner coming from my house with it in his hand - I was about one hundred yards from my house - I knew it - I hastened home and enquired if my wife had sold it - I returned and took him in custody.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met a gentleman who employed me to carry it, it stood about thirty yards in front of the shop. Mr. Day asked what I was going to do with it, I said I was employed to carry it; I shewed him the man, he said
"Never mind him, I will take you." I had been drinking with some friends, which made me out of my mind, having had a fall the least liquor affects me. I beg forgiveness, and will never drink a drop of spirits again.
WM. DAY re-examined. He did not appear in liquor, the copper stood about thirty feet from the front of the shop; the ground is my private property; he said a gentleman gave it him to carry, he had three new coal measures on his back.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
742. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SUTTON
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of May

, three coal measures, value 15 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Beal
                  



               
            .



                  JAMES 
                  BEAL
               



            . I live in Cow-cross-street, St. Sepulchre's



, about three-quarters of a mile from Day's. I lost three coal measures from my shop, on the 9th of May; they were a half-bushel, a peck, and a half-peck - they are worth 15 s. I found them in Harradine's possession.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  BANKS HARRADINE
               



            . I am an officer. When I took the prisoner he had these measures - he did not appear to be intoxicated, I found no money on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
