





2155. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  BOLTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of September
, 1 pin, value 30s.; 6 sovereigns, and 2 half-sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Jackson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
EDWARD JACKSON. I live in Brick-lane. I was in Old-street on the night of the 23d of September, and met the prisoner, who was a stranger; she asked me to give her something to drink- I took her to a public-house, and gave her something; we came out, and she accompanied me on my road home; I may have gone into another house with her, but think not; I was sober. We went to an oyster-shop, and called for some, but eat none, for I found her hand in my breeches pocket - she took out six sovereigns and three half-sovereigns. I seized her left-hand, and half a sovereign fell out; I looked at my money, and I was six sovereigns and two half-sovereigns short; when I accused her of it she said, "Come into the passage, and I will give you back your money;" I did so, and she gave me three sovereigns- while we were there some woman passed, who saw her take my pin from my bosom - she said to her, "Why don't you give the man his money." I then gave her in charge.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Did you not first go to the Grapes public-house? A. I do not know the sign. I might go to the Angel public-house, in the City-road, but do not recollect it. I had two glasses of gin at one house, and had had two pots of half and half with two friends before I met her; she took me to a house in White Lion-street, and wanted me to go there, but I would not go in - she then asked me to take her to the oyster-shop- I drank nothing there; I lost no silver. I do not recollect going to any other houses.
COURT. Q. Did you not fall down in the oyster-shop? A. I do not know. I left my friends between eight and nine o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS INGRAM
               



            . I am a watchman. At half-past eleven o'clock at night I heard a cry of Watch! I went and saw the prosecutor, who gave the prisoner in charge, near the oyster-shop, by Worship-street


.
Cross-examined. Q. What state was he in? A. Very correct - he was sober; the oyster-shop is open very late.


                  JAMES 
                  BEVILLE
               



            . I am a watchman. The prosecutor gave the prisoner in charge; he said he had been robbed of 7l.; I told him to look; he found six sovereigns and two half-sovereigns in his pocket, including the three which were returned; he then said he was four sovereigns deficient - he said he had been robbed of seven, but she had returned him three; a young woman said he had lost a pin from his breast; he said he had; she said the prisoner had stuck it on a post in Bolt-court; I went and looked there, but could not find it.
Cross-examined. Q. What woman was that? A. She appeared a decent woman; she said she was married, and lived in Kingsland-road; several persons were about the shop.


                  THEOPHILUS 
                  WHITING
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house. I found a shilling and a penny on her - I desired her to be searched further, and two sovereigns dropped from between her pocket and stays; the prosecutor appeared quite sober, and gave a clear account - he said he had 11l. in all.
Prisoner's Defence. When we were in the Blue Last public-house the landlady told him he had better give mehis money to take care of; he said he would trust me with 100l.; he was showing his sovereigns about.

- MARSDEN
            . I keep the shell-fish warehouse where the prisoner and prosecutor came; I was up stairs at supper with some friends; I heard a disturbance, went down, and the prosecutor stated the prisoner had robbed him, but he was so intoxicated he could not tell whether he had lost two, three, four, or five sovereigns; he first said one thing, and then another; he has perjured himself by saying he had oysters in my shop - he had none; I heard him say to her, "Pay for them;" she said, "No, you pay"- he took out half a sovereign, and in handing it to the shop-girl, the prisoner took it, and he said he had been robbed; I advised him to call the watchman: the prisoner then said, "Come out, and I will give you what I have;" she went out, and gave him some sovereigns; she was given in charge. The officer came back from the watch-house, and he was drunk. I am astonished that I was not called as a witness.

- MARSDEN
            . I am the sister of the last witness. The prosecutor called for oysters, but had none; the prisoner said he was to pay for them; he drew out half a sovereign, and let it fall: I picked it up, held it to him, and the prisoner took hold of it; she said if he would go up the court she would return his money, and she gave him three sovereigns- he was so intoxicated he would have fallen down if my brother had not caught him; he had accused her of taking them.
THEOPHILUS WHITING re-examined. I was called out of bed; I could not be much intoxicated - Marsden was intoxicated. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
