





1456. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
, 60 lbs. of lead, value 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Harwood
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .


                  JAMES 
                  HARWOOD
               



            . I keep the Wellington public house, St. George's East




. On the 21st of July, about half-past 12 o'clock, I missed some lead from the back of my house - it was all right the night before. Jackson brought some on Monday, which fitted the place in every respect.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a watchman. On Saturday night at 10 o'clock, I saw the prisoner standing down an alley in Cable-street, which is no thoroughfare; I asked what he did there. He said, he was waiting for a friend. I found every house there fastened up, and as I returned he was gone. He returned in half an hour, I saw him lurking about on the other side of the way. At half past three o'clock I took him coming out of the alley, and found the lead in a doorway there - it is half a mile from Harwood's house. I can swear he is the man - I know his features, and he was dressed the same both times; he ran away when I went towards him; I ran and caught him. He said,
"I know nothing about the lead." Nobody had spoken to him about it.


                  AMOS 
                  EVERY
               



            . I am a patrol. On the 21st of July, about three o'clock in the morning I was going up the alley, and the prisoner came out, and on seeing me he made a stoop, as if he had been there for a certain purpose. I saw the lead lying by him, and called the watchman to stop him - he was secured, and I took the lead up.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am an officer. About half past two o'clock I saw the prisoner standing by the alley, and asked what he was about. He said he was waiting for his shipmate, who was in the public-house. I said,
"there is no house open, now be off," and he went away. He was brought to the watch-house half an hour after. I took the lead to Harwood's, it fitted every way exactly. I knew him before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . I am constable of the night. I received the lead and prisoner in charge, and found a file in his pocket - the lead is over the tap-room.
Prisoner's Defence. The watchman asked what I wanted - I said my shipmate. He drove me off. I went back into the court, and asked a man about some work, and when I came back the watchman stopped me, and said I had stolen the lead.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
