





365. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  CUMMINS
               




             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Harris
                     



                   and 
                     
                        John 
                        Cotton
                     



                  , about seven o'clock in the night of the 3d of January
 and stealing 18 lbs. of wax candles, value 3 l.
            , their property.
JOHN HARRIS. I am in partnership with John Cotton; we are tallow-chandlers

, and live at Kensington


, and occupy the house jointly. On the 3d of January these candles were in our window; a pane of glass had been cracked before, but was not broken. Ladbrook came in and alarmed me - I then found the glass broken, and 18 lbs. of wax candles gone; they were in three parcels, of 6 lbs. each. The glass must have been forced in. I found the prisoner in custody.


                  GEORGE 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I am a stone-mason, and live in Exeter-place, Chelsea. On the 3d of January, between 6 and 7 o'clock in the evening, I was going by the prosecutor's shop, and saw the prisoner and another against the window - it was quite dark; they were close to a pane of glass which was afterwards broken. Ladbrook was with me; we went to the Swan, public-house, which is about one hundred yards off, to call Snowsell, and as we came out, the prisoner and the other passed by, in a direction from Harris's - we had been gone about four minutes. Snowsell ran after them; the prisoner threw a bundle of candles over an area, and ran off; Snowsell called Stop thief! and I collared him by Exeter-street; the other escaped. Snowsell got the bundle from the area.


                  JOHN 
                  FRANCIS LADBROOK
               



            . I was with Knight, and saw the prisoner with another close to the window; the other stood at the next door - the prisoner was going to and fro, and looking in at the window - we fetched Snowsell; they then came by in a direction from the house; we pointed them out; they looked behind, saw us, and both set off. The prisoner threw his bundle into an area; it was wrapped in a handkerchief. The other had something in his apron.


                  JOHN 
                  SNOWSELL
               



            . I am an officer. The witnesses fetched me, and pointed out the prisoner and another who passed - both ran off: the prisoner was taken about one hundred yards off, without my losing sight of him: he threw his bundle down the area of No. 8, Sloane-street: I got it from there.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not lose sight of me? A. Not till after you had thrown it away. I knew you well before.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 17.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only, and not of burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
