







633. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HEAD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CRAWLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of February

, one pelisse, value 1 l. 5 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charlotte 
                           Thomas
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Blunt
                        



; and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WARD
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen
            .
Crawley 


               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 19.


                  MARY 
                  ANN BLUNT
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Davis, who lives in High-street, Islington. I am thirteen years old. Mrs. Thomas had lent this pelisse to my mistress's sister. Mrs. Thomas lives in Yardley-street, Spa-fields; I was taking it there on Thursday, the 22d of February, about ten minutes past nine o'clock at night; as I went along, I saw a boy and a young man standing by the Angel, they were the prisoners - they followed me to the first turning leading to Sadler's Wells, waited there a little and saw me go down there; they then went on, and I suppose came down the other side by the water - they met me at the New River Head



, snatched the pelisse, and ran away with it, they turned round - there was a gas-light, I looked at them, and am quite sure of them, the pelisse was wrapped in two sheets of paper. I saw them and the pelisse at Hatton-garden, on the Monday after, and was quite sure of them.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am a widow, and live in Yardley-street. I lent the pelisse to Davis one wet night - it was not returned till the officer brought it to me.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CADBY
               



            . I am a constable of Clerkenwell. On the 22d of February, I was informed of this robbery, and next day Taylor and I went to search, I found Head and Crawley at Ward's house, in Fryingpan-alley. Ward had the pelisse in a handkerchief, half untied, she was in the act of tying it up - she threw it on the bed; I said it was what we wanted. I took the boys away - she followed after them, and I took her also.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODERICK. Q. She is a girl of the town - A. Yes; the boys had their coats off and were singing - she said she did not know where they got it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HEAD'S Defence. I met Crawley he asked me to go with him. I had not been there half a minute when they came and took us. I was in bed the night before at nine o'clock.
HEAD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WARD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
