





1620. 
               
                  JOHN, alias 
ROBERT 
                  SPEAKMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  HENRY 
                  BRICHENO
               




            . I am a brewer
, and live in Skinner-street, Bishopsgate, and have a place of business also in Seven-dials. The prisoner had been in my employ from February till July; he came to me in an humble situation, but I advanced him to be my drayman
 in April - it was his duty to deliver goods and receive money for them, and account for what he receives to Mr. Greathead, my clerk, when he received it, and nobody else - I myself knew nothing about the accounts; he was always desired to settle with Greathead.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many steps did he take in your service in that short time, in consequence of his good conduct? A. Three; he conducted himself well.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREATHEAD
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Bricheno, at the Skinner-street place, where the prisoner was employed - he ought to account to me there, for the money he receives every day, in the evening; he had a book of cheques, by which he kept his account - he calls the account over from the counterpart of his cheques, and I enter it into a book, and then call it over again, to see if it is correct - I then ask him how much cash he has; he gives me an account of his gold, silver, and copper, and if anything is short, he puts so much short; the counterpart of the cheque is written by him. Neale, of Philip-lane, sells our intermediate beer: I have an entry to him on the 1st of May, of half a barrel, 12s. 6d., and 12s. 6d. paid - I took that entry from the prisoner's month, and from his receipts; here is the counterpart of the receipt in his writing - it corresponds with my entry, and at the end of that day I have his own writing for the money he paid in, which agrees with the account he gave; 12s. 6d. is the only sum he accounted for as received from Neale. On the 13th of June, Springsguth came, and particularly wanted some beer to be sent; he ordered one half-barrel, or eighteen gallons - I could not send it till one of the men came home - he came again about eight o'clock, and soon after I sent by the prisoner one half-barrel for him, and another for Mr. Wilkinson, of Tenter-row; he returned at half-past ten, saying he had brought one back, as Wilkinson's was shut up, and had put it into the ton room - he paid me 12s. 6d. for Springsguth's half-barrel; there are so many casks in the ton room, we could not discover whether the other had been put there or not - he never gave me an account of having sold Springsguth two half-barrels.
Cross-examined. Q. Is it your business to pay over to the prosecutor the sums as you receive them? A. No, in a lump - I pay them next morning, keeping each drayman's cash in a separate bag; the prisoner never ran an account with me - he said on the 24th of July, that he had been knocked down and robbed of his books; that was after this transaction - he did not send for me to his lodgings: I went there to take him into custody - that was about three days after he said he had been knocked down; he had not come to business after the 24th; I did not find him at his lodgings, but in the street: five days before he was taken, a message was sent that he had been knocked down, and lost his book; that was the very last day he went out with the dray - when I saw him he seemed as if he had been fighting; he said he had lost the books, not that he was robbed of them - he is married, and has a family.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. If he had laid out any money for necessaries, would that be charged to him immediately and deducted? A. Yes - that was settled every Saturday night: I produce the original book; he accounted to me every night for what he received.


                  SAMUEL 
                  NEALE
               



            . I deal in intermediate beer, and have it from the prosecutor; I will not swear that any beer was delivered to me on the 1st of May - I will not swear to the date, but the receipt is dated the 1st of May - I have it here.
Q. Who gave you that receipt? A. That I cannot swear; the name is not written plain.
Q. Did you receive any beer into your house in May? A. That I will not swear - I am not always at home: I cannot make out the name on the receipt; I will not swear what beer I had, for I at times had eighteen gallons, and at times thirty-six - I always paid for it regularly.
Q. Did you, if you were out, always find a corresponding receipt for the beer which came in? A. Yes.



                  WILLIAM 
                  GREATHEAD
               



            . This receipt is in the prisoner's hand-writing.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you often seen him write? A. Yes; I know it to be his writing without comparing it with any other.
The receipt being read was dated the 1st of May, for half a barrel of intermediate beer, 18s. 9d., signed J. Speakman.
WILLIAM GREATHEAD. That receipt belongs to the prisoner's book, and is the counterpart to the one he has written in - it corresponds in number and every particular except the sum; he has entered it Nill instead of Neale here - the sum entered in the book is 12s. 6d.


                  SAMUEL 
                  NEALE
               



             re-examined. Q. How long have you had been from the prosecutor? A. Since the 1st of March- the prisoner may have brought it a dozen times or more; I have sometimes paid him, but when I was out my mistress paid; I never paid him without a receipt. I have no recollection of this transaction, not of the day, not to swear to this man coming.


                  JAMES 
                  SPRINGSGUTH
               



            . I live in Old-street, and deal in intermediate beer. On the 13th of June I had two kilderkins from the prosecutor; I never before, nor since, had two in one day - here is the receipt for them: I sent to the prosecutor that day, and the prisoner brought two kilderkins on a sledge; he was to take one to another person - he asked if I objected to take two; I took them, and my brother paid him for them, in my presence; he filled the receipt up - here is the receipt; it is for two kilderkins - here is my hand-writing on it.
Cross-examined. Q. When did you write your name on the receipt? A. When Mr. Greathead called to see my receipt; he took this away, with another or two, and gave me an acknowledgement for them; I swear the prisoner wrote the receipts which he gave me.
The receipt being read was for 25s. 8d.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREATHEAD
               



            . This receipt is in the prisoner's hand-writing; I have not got the counterpart of it.
Cross-examined. Q. Look at both these receipts - do you say that both these names are in the prisoner's handwriting? A. I am positive the same person wrote both; he did not pay me more than 12s. 6d. - it is impossible I can be mistaken.
Prisoner's Defence (written) I most solemnly assert my innocence of the charge altogether. As regards the money which Mr. Springsguth's brother says he paid me, I can call to mind, that on the 13th of June last, late in the evening (it might be about nine o'clock), I was sent out with beer to several customers, and among the number Mr. Springsguth was one, and ordered one cask; after going to the customers (to whom I had been), on my return homewards, I called upon Mr. Springsguth, having two casks left; always alive to the interest of my employer, I prevailed upon Mr. Springsguth to take both the casks, for which, it appears by the receipt, he paid me. My Lord and Gentlemen, I observed before that as Mr. Springsguth ordered but one cask - the counterpart of the receipt might have been marked for one cask, while I delivered the money for two casks, thus the error might easily arise; he it as it may, I am confident the money was accounted for; Mr. Greathead (if he speaks impartially) cannot deny that errors have crept in, in the manner I have just now described- I am conscious of having given Mr. Springsguth's money to Mr. Greathead; it being late, he put the money into his right-hand waistcoat pocket, and did not enter it in the book - next morning he might have forgotten it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
The prosecutor stated that he had forty charges against the prisoner.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
