






Fourth Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Common Sergeant.
761. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  GARRARD
               




             and 
               
                  ANDREW 
                  KEATING
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, 26lbs. weight of Sugar, value 14s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Sewell
               



             and 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Wholey
               



            .


                  EDWARD 
                  BARKER
               



            . I am warehousemen to William Sewell and Jonathan Wholey, wholesale grocers

, of Upper Thames-street. I forwarded a hogshead of sugar to Mr. Beal, of Somers-town, on the 11th of January: it was brought from the Docks to our warehouse by Garrard, who is in the employ of a carman named Kay: I directed him to take it on to Beal's - this was about three o'clock in the afternoon; I examined the marks on it, and took the weight from the dock note - I knew nothing of Keating.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You did not examine it? A. I took the marks of it down as it was in the cart.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOOTH
               



            . I am a chemist. Between five and six o'clock on the 11th of January; I was going along Battle Bridge-road - it snowed; I met the prisoners there- they could not get on with the waggon; I and some others assisted them - Keating got into the waggon between two hogsheads, which were in it: they got as far as Weston-street, and there they staid some time; we found fault with Garrard for using his horses so badly, - I then walked round the waggon, and Keating jumped out - thinking something was wrong, I pursued and took him; he said, "Pray let me go," and asked for his hat.
Prisoner KEATING. Q. Did I not ask you where Garrard was? A. No.


                  MILLIAM 
                  LUMLEY
               



            . I live in Cottage-place, City-road. I saw the waggon - Booth was talking to Garrard about whipping his horses so much; I caught hold of the horses head, and then Booth went back, and was talking under a light to a man who I could not see; Garrard then came up to me, used very bad language, and said, "What, did you never see a waggon with two horses before:" I then thought I saw something move in the waggon under the matting - I touched it with my umbrella, and Keating jumped out; we caught him, and he was taken to the watch-house: Beal came up and said, "This is my sugar, and was coming to my house" - the hogsheads were then taken to his house, and it was found 26 lbs. had been taken out of one - a few nails were found on Keating; he said he lived in the Commercial-road - there was a bag of sugar - I saw it at Mr. Beal's; I think I saw a man bring it from the waggon, but I cannot swear that - it was opened, and contained sugar, which Beale compared with the hogshead.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it dark? A. Not very - there were gas-lights; I do not think it snowed at that time; I think I did see the bag taken from the cart - I may have sworn so at the office.
Prisoner KEATING. Q. Did I not tell you Garrard had told me to get up and fill the bag? A. He said as we went to the watch-house, that the carman asked him to come and get a little sugar.


                  THOMAS 
                  BEAL
               



            . I am a grocer, and live in Skinner-street, St. Pancras. I expected two hogsheads of sugar on the 11th of January, from the prosecutors - one came in the morning; about seven o'clock I had information - I went to Brewer-street, and saw Booth bringing Keating back; I went up to the waggon, and between two hogsheads of sugar, I found a bag of sugar, and some was coming out of the hogshead into the bag then; the tin plate which covered the sample-hole, was knocked off, and twisted round - it hung by one nail; the waggon was brought to my house, and the hogshead and the bag brought in; the sugar in the bag was the same as that in the hogshead; I weighed the hogshead, and it was 26lbs. deficient.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. What is over the sample-hole? A. A piece of tin nailed on; it could not have got rubbed off - a chisel or a knife will get it off.


                  RICHARD 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am a constable, and took Keating in charge. I found a few nails on him - they are not the same sort as the one left in the tin.


                  ROBERT 
                  TEASDALE
               



            . I am an officer. I produce a bag of sugar, which I received from Mr. Beal; I saw the hogshead weighed - I was before the Magistrate - what the prisoners said was taken down, and read over to them; Garrard said he met Keating in Gray's Inn-lane.


                  THOMAS 
                  BEAL
               



            . The nails found on Keating would nail the tin on - it is done with any kind of nails; there was a chasm in the sample-hole; I have no doubt the sugar in the bag was the same as that in the hogshead - part of it was running out when I took it.
MR. CHURCHILL. Q. If the plate had come off by accident, could they do better than put the bag to catch it? A. No; but that quantity could not have come out of itself; the proper way would be to turn the hole to the top.
KEATING'S Defence. I met Garrard in Gray's Inn-lane- he could not get on: the sugar was running out - he told me to get up and get a little out, in a bag; I picked up the nails on Galley-quay.
GARRARD'S Defence. I met him, and said I would give him a pint of beer to go with me; the tin had robbed off, by rubbing against the other hogshead - I had a bag, and told him to get in and catch it; the tin was nearly off when I had it.



                  JOHN 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a publican. I have known Garrard all his life; I have worked in the docks as an operative cooper, and have frequently seen sugar wasting in the Commercial-road; from the friction of two hogsheads together; the tin, being nailed in the bulge, might very possibly rub off; I have known the tin actually worn through.
Garrard received a good character.
GARRARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Confined Six Months
            .
KEATING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
