





388. 
               
                  
                     SOLOMON 
                     HOLLOWAY
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               a like offence
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  HOMYER
               



            . On the 17th of December, I was assistant in the house of Watson and Co., a person brought me a brown paper parcel. I opened it, it contained two letters; one signed 
               
                  Martha 
                  Holloway
               



            , and the other 
               
                  Emma 
                  Bund
               



            . I looked out the goods with Mr. Watson's assistance. I packed up the parcel for Colonel Bund, and delivered it to the porter, to take to the Golden Key, public-house, Fleet-market; I saw Mrs. Holloway's parcel packed; one parcel came to 22 l. 10 s., and the other to 45 l. 16 s.
(Letters read.)
Manor House, Buckingham,
December 14th, 1821.
Sir, - My Mamma desires her compliments to you, and desires me to say the silk pleased very much; but the muslin is not fine enough, which she will bring to London next month. She wishes you to send on next Tuesday, by Mr. Bartlett's waggon, from the Keys, in Fleet Market, furniture sufficient for two large four post bedsteads, with yellow lining; as it is for the rooms appropriated for the Judges, who sleep at our house, during their stay on the Circuit - let it be a very good and fashionable pattern. The furniture we had of you a few years since, wearing very well, my Mamma hopes you will let it be good. Send a piece of muslin finer than the last, and four black silk shawls with broad borders, for myself and sisters, not too expensive; as they are to wear over the silk - Mamma will leave the price and pattern to yourself, so as to correspond with our dresses. We visit London next month, with Colonel Bund, and we will call - Sir your obedient servant,


                  MARTHA 
                  HOLLOWAY
               



            .
Mr. Watson, Holborn.
Favored by Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Bartlett
               



            .
Myrth Cottage, Padbury Hall, Buckingham,
December 15th, 1821.
Mr. Watson. - My sister of Manor House, sending, I have taken the liberty to ask you to send with her order, the same quantity of black silk and cambric, she had a few weeks since; the cambric I should like finer, and enough bombasin, black, for my housekeeper, and two black silk shawls, as near the pattern the Miss Holloway's have. As we visit London next month, I will leave the Irish and other articles, which Colonel Bund wants, till we see you, as he wishes to choose his silk handkerchiefs. - Your's very respectfully,


                  EMMA 
                  BUND
               



            .
Direct, Colonel 
               H
            . Grafton Bund, Myrth Cottage, &c. Mr. Watson, Linendrapery, Establishment, Holborn.
Obliged by J. Bartlett, Esq.


                  THOMAS 
                  NORTH
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's furniture warehouse. I find by the invoice of the 18th of December, that this parcel of goods was put up by me, it amounts to 45 l. 16 s. I delivered it to Godwin with the other parcel to be taken to the Golden Key, public-house - I have since seen part of the furniture and silk in possession of Miller and Hedges.
MR. WATSON. I ordered these goods to be sent in consequence of the letters.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GODWIN
               



            . I am porter to Messrs. Watson. On the 18th of December, I received two parcels; one directed to Mrs. Holloway, and the other to Colonel Bund. I took them to the Golden Key, public-house, Fleet-market, and delivered them to landlord Rowland.
- ROWLAND. I keep the Golden Key, public-house. The prisoner came and asked me to take in two parcels which would come directed to go by Bartlett's waggon. He wrote down the direction which would be on them
"Mrs. Holloway, Manor house, Buckingham" and
"Colonel Bund." Godwin brought them the same day, and a person calling himself a porter, called for them - I delivered them to him.
MISS HOLLOWAY. The letter signed 
               
                  Martha 
                  Holloway
               



            , is not my sister's hand writing; she is lately dead, we live at Manor house, these goods never came - there is no Colonel Bund, at Padbury-hall, we know no such person.
MR. CROFT. I believe both letters to be the prisoner's hand writing.
MR. BEVAN. I believe them to be the prisoner's writing.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MAXWELL
               



            . I am assistant to John Reeves, pawnbroker, of Snowhill. I have known the prisoner three months. On the 21st of December, he brought somesarsenet for sale; he said he was an agent employed by Mr. Stevens. I think he brought forty-one yards, and think it was in two pieces; we gave him 3 s. 6 d. a yard, and sold it for 3 s. 9 d. On the 24th, we bought seven pieces of chintz cotton furniture, twenty-four yards each, a remnant of eight yards, and seven pieces of calico. I think we gave him 1 s. 8 d. a yard for the furniture, and 10 d. a yard for the calico; the whole amounted to 20 l.; we sold part to Mr. Hedges and part to Mr. Miller. On the 14th of January, he came again; I bought three shawls of him, and a remnant of six yards of cambric; we gave him 9 l. 5 s. for that parcel. I believe we sold two of the shawls - I produce the other and the cambric.
Prisoner. Q. Who brought the goods - A. I think you brought some, and a porter the others; they were sent on Stevens's account, the prisoner called in four or five hours for the money, and I paid him. He produced me an invoice - I did not see the name at the top, I saw Watson and Co. on the furniture.
MR. HOMYER. This shawl and remnant of cambric, are part of the order I packed up; I am certain of the cambric, the shawl is of the same description, but the mark is off.


                  RICHARD 
                  MILLER
               



            . I live in Mortimer-street, Cavendish-square. I bought four pieces of furniture and lining of Reeve, on the 8th of January - I have part of them here.
Mr. NORTH. Here is one piece; I packed up, and a piece of the lining which I know.


                  RICHARD 
                  WILLIS HEDGES
               



            . I bought three pieces of furniture and three of lining, of Reeve on the 15th of January, I have one of each here - I gave ten guineas for them, 1 s. 10 d. for the furniture, and 1 s. for the lining.
MR. NORTH. These are part of the goods I packed up.
Prisoner's Defence. I own receiving the money, as agent. I told him I was only acting as agent, and asked him to allow me something for myself; they said they had a letter from the gentleman who was going to send more, and then they would allow me something.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
