





217. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  ALDRIDGE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of December
, 2lbs. of butter, value 3s.; 1 chamber-pot, value 2s,, and 1 lb. of cheese, value 7d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Harvey
               




            .
ROBERT HARVEY. I keep a chandler's-shop
, at Kensington


. The prisoner is a private watchman
 about there - I spoke to my boy about some butter, and from what he said I was led to the prisoner; the constable searched his house, and a great number of things were found; the prisoner was then in custody, but I know that was his house; I missed this butter on Tuesday, and the pot and cheese some time before.


                  CHARLES 
                  READING
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner is a private watchman at Kensington. I went to his room - I know it was his room; I found there this pot, butter, and cheese, with nearly a cart full of other things.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WITING
               



            . I have lived with Mr. Harvey two years. I do not sleep there, but serve in his shop; I have known the prisoner about three months; this pot is my master's - the prisoner asked me for it, and I gave it to him, and a great many other things; he often asked me before I gave him any thing; these are things master dealt in; I used to give them to him at master's gate, close to the shop - he asked me a long while before I gave him any thing; I never got a farthing for them - he had the butter and cheese on Monday; he paid me nothing for them; he once gave me some grapes, but nothing else; after I had given him a few things, I was frightened. This began about three months ago - he used to talk to me, and then ask me for things; I had no part of the produce; I have dined with him sometimes on a Sunday.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you come to me, and ask if I would have some tobacco and several other things? A. No; I gave him the pot at the hedge, and the butter at the gate.
Prisoner's Defence. He brought them to me; I did not steal them; he gave them to me sometimes at the gate - I asked if there was any danger - he said No, he had paid for them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
