





839. 
               
                  ELEANOR 
                  SHEA
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of March
, 1 bag, value 1d.; 1 snuff-box, value 6d.; 19 sovereigns, and 2 half-sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Hanington
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM HANINGTON. I keep a public-house
 in George-street, Grovernor-square. I was at the Red Lion, public-house, Duke-street, Manchester-square, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening of the 12th of March - I was a good deal the worse for liquor, and happened to go in there, when I saw the prisoner, whom I had known for upwards of twenty years - she once kept a house near me; she was drinking with another person, named Ryan, who had a little girl with her - I spoke to the prisoner, and gave her something to drink; I went home with them to their room in Gee's-court, Oxford-street


 - I should think it was between ten and eleven o'clock, but I am not certain; we had some more to drink there; I believe the little girl went out for liquor, but I am not certain; I went to sleep on the floor, and about half-past four in the morning, I awoke; I went out into the passage to go home - I missed my bag, with nineteen sovereigns, and two half-sovereigns, and requested them to give it me; I did not miss my snuff-box till afterwards; I went to their house; I changed something out of it after I met them at the public-house - it was in my left-hand breeches pocket - when I asked them for it they both laughed at me; the watchman happened to be going by and I called him - he found the snuff-box in the room, and the officer found the bag on the Monday following.


                  CATHERINE 
                  RYAN
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  Johanna 
                  Ryan
               



             - she lives in Gee's-court - the prisoner was an acquaintance of hers. I am in the workhouse - I was at the public-house, and saw the prosecutor come in, and have some gin and water; he did not speak to the prisoner, but she took hold of his glass and drank out of it - my mother and I went home, leaving them there; when we had been at home about an hour, they came there together - the prosecutor sent me out for half a pint of rum, which they drank; they then sent for half a gallon of beer; I went out for another half pint of rum, and afterwards I saw the prisoner pull up her clothes, and dance before the prosecutor; my mother said she ought to be ashamed of herself, and then she sat upon his knee for a quarter of an hour; we had not much candle - the prosecutor then got up to go away, but he fell down on the floor, and soon afterwards the candle went out - I then went to bed - when I awoke in the morning the prisoner and my mother were laughing at the prosecutor; I then went and sat on the stairs - the prosecutor called the watchman - he could not open the door, and the watchman broke in - he got another watchman, and they searched, but could not find the money - they went to the watch-house.
COURT. Q. Do you recollect any thing about a watch? A. Yes; the prisoner went up to the prosecutor, and pulout his watch - she said "By G-d he has got a good watch," and then put it in again - she then went to his other side, and took out a bag of sovereigns - he awoke, and said "What are you at?" he then pushed it into his pocket again, and she went and sat down on the bed - I then went to sleep, and did not see any more - the candle went out.


                  WILLIAM 
                  VARNDILE
               



            . I am a watchman. I was calling the hour of half-past three, and heard a great noise - I came on towards the passage, and heard a rustling - I said "Who is there?" and this gentleman said "It is I;" I said "Open the door;" he said "I can't;" I then told him where the bolt was, and we got it open; I went in and took the prisoner - I found a half-sovereign, four shillings, four sixpences, and four-pence halfpenny, on her; the half-sovereign she took from some part of her clothes, on her right breast - she had before said she had no money about her.


                  THOMAS 
                  HENDERSON
               



            . I am a watchman. I searched Ryan, and found on her a half-sovereign, six shillings, andfive-pence halfpenny, the prosecutor's snuff-box, and the key of his watch.


                  THOMAS 
                  PERRING
               



            . I was serjeant of the night. I was standing in Oxford-street, when the watchman came to me, and said a person was robbed at No. 6, Gee's-court; the prosecutor said he had lost upwards of twenty sovereigns - the prisoner said she had a shilling or two, and a few halfpence - she was then searched, and I saw her take something from her right breast, which I could not get from her hand.
Prisoner. Q. Did not I say I took that from my duplicates? Witness. No; you was in liquor. I then went back to the room, and on turning the ashes up we pulled out the bag, with nineteen sovereigns and two half-sovereigns in it.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am an officer. I went with Henderson, and found this bag, with nineteen sovereigns and two half-sovereigns in it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HANINGTON
               



            . This is my bag - here is a piece of the same cotton it is made of.
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating, that she had met Ryan at the public-house, and, being intoxicated, stopped at her house all night, and was asleep when the robbery was committed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
