





441. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     SOLOMON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, one seal, value 15 s.; one key, value 5 s., and one ring, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Atwood
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ATWOOD
               



            . I am a Custom-house officer
, and live in North-street, City Road. On the 1st of February, at half-pasttwelve o'clock at noon, I was passing through Rose-lane, Spitalfields


, the prisoner stood with his back against a wall opposite Flower and Dean-street, and two others, a few yards from him. I noticed him particularly before I came up to him, and the moment I got up, he advanced to the end of the curb, and made a snatch at my watch, the ribbon broke, he got the seal and key, and ran up the opposite street - I ran after him, calling. Stop thief! and his companions followed close behind; he turned to the right, and I gave up the pursuit, and went to Worship-street office, described his dress and appearance, and in half an hour I went with the officer to the George, public-house, in George-yard, Whitechapel; two went in the back way, and I and the other at the front; and as I entered, three persons were coming out; neither of them was him; and as I looked round the tap-room, the prisoner was brought in from the back premises, I immediately said,
"That is the man." I could pick him out from 5000, and I think I saw one of the others there.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. How long did the transaction last - A. Not a minute. I saw his face before I got up to him; nobody but him ran before me - he took the first turning to the right.
Q. Have you not said that you have seen a man since so much like him that you could not tell one from the other - A. It is as false as God is true - it is impossible I can be mistaken, I am positive of him.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . Atwood came to Worship-street. Atfield, Garton, and I accompanied him. Garton and he went in at the front, and I and Atfield at the back door. The prosecutors said the man had a brown coat on, and he believed he was a Jew. I went in first - the door is very low - I was obliged to stoop to get in, and nearly passed the prisoner as I was stooping, the place being dark. I have known him many years. I think he said, How do you do, I said.
"How do you do." Atfield caught hold of him, and brought him into the tap-room. He was dressed in a brown coat. We found Garton and the prosecutor in the tap-room, and he said he was the man who robbed him - his description answered to the prisoner.
Cross-examined. He only said he had a brown coat, and was a Jew - A. Yes, that he was shabbily dressed. There is a man about the neighbourhood like the prisoner. I heard no voice outside say, That is the man.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARTON
               



            . I was with Gleed. His statement is correct. The prosecutor swore positively to him immediately.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATFIELD
               



            . I was with them, and took him from the description given. If any one outside had said,
"that is the man," I must have heard it.
Prisoner's Defence. When I was coming in, Atfield said I want you, he came in and said,
"Here, I have got him, this is he."


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATFIELD
               



            . I said no such thing.


                  MARGARET 
                  PRIOR
               



            . I take in needle-work and washing. I was at my door in Flower and Dean-street, and heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw a young lad of short stature, run by my door - he had a light-coloured pepper and salt coat on, and was very much pock-marked. He ran towards the end of Flower and Dean-street - nobody was running before him - the prosecutor was following him about six yards behind, calling Stop thief!
Q. Did you see enough of the lad to say whether it was the prisoner or not - A. It was not I am positive. I saw no more of what passed till half-past one o'clock, when the prosecutor came back with two officers, and I, as well as many more neighbours, hallowed out,
"For God's sake you have got the wrong man;" it was the general cry. I went to Worship-street to tell what I knew about it, but some man said I must not go in.
Q. You took the man who was running before Atwood to be the thief - A. Yes; no other could be.
COURT. Q. He was a young lad - A. Yes; he was not fair nor dark, nor so tall as the prisoner. It is impossible for any one to take the one for the other; he does not resemble him in the slightest degree. The prosecutor came down my street last Sunday afternoon - I was at the door - he asked me to tell him the name of the street; he said then that he had made a grand mistake, as he thought it was Thrall-street, and asked if I recollected his being robbed. I said, very well; but he had got the wrong person. He said he had not; and if he had, he had sworn to him, and must swear to him again.
Q. Perhaps you knew the prisoner - Yes, I have known him as a neighbour for twelve years; he lived in Winfield-street, with his mother and father.
Q. Then he was not near the place at all - A. No one was near except the prosecutor and thief, neither behind or before - Mrs. Myers was also at her door. The lad was a stranger; he was crying out,
"For God's sake don't stop me, I have only broken a window." He ran about a hundred yard up our street, and turned down Cale-street, which is the first turning. I have not seen him since. Mrs. Myers did not go to the office.
JUDA MYERS. I live in Flower and Dean-street, at the the corner of Cale-street, three doors from Prior. I was cleaning my door, and all at once heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the thief running, and as he passed me he said,
"For God's sake don't stop me, I have only broken a window." He was a shortish chap, high-shouldered, and had a pepper-and-salt coat on. I think it was a dark one. I saw Atwood running after him; nobody else was running either before or behind; the chap turned down Cale-street, went up Thrall-street, and I went in doors. They passed me at half-past twelve o'clock, as near as I can tell; and in about three quarters of an hour I saw the prosecutor pass our street again with two officers; all the neighbours cried out.
"You have got the wrong man." They had the prisoner in charge. I said,
"For God's sake you have got the wrong man, that is not the man you cried Stop thief! after." I did not go to Worship-street.
COURT. Q. Did you know the officers - A. Atfield was one.
Q. Was the man's coat so dark that it might be mistaken for brown - A. I think so; it was a dark pepper-and-salt colour. I should think the man would not come up to the prisoner's ear in height. The prisoner is a much darker man than him, and he was very much pock-marked - the prisoner is a little so; he is quite a different man.
Q. Is it possible for one to be taken for the other - A. It would be a great mistake, for he was quite a different man, he was stout and the prisoner is slim, and he was high-shouldered. I only know the prisoner by seeing him pass our street with his bag of clothes.

SOLOMON JOSEPH. I am a clothes-man, and live in Winfield-street. I know the prisoner very well. I met him in Holborn this day four weeks, by Middle-row. It was on Friday the 1st of February I walked with him from there into Bishopsgate church-yard, talking about business, and when our sabbath came on. We got to the church at one o'clock, and I left him. I looked at Bishopsgate church clock, it was not five minutes under or over one. Flower and Dean-street is half a mile from the church.
COURT. Q. How does he get his living - A. He carries clothes about, and had his bag at this time. He lives with his father in Wentworth-street. I left him at the church.
Q. When were you applied to to give evidence - A. My lodger came home about three or four o'clock, and said this man was fully committed for trial - I was surprised.
Q. Did you want to be home by any particular time - A. No; I always come home between one and two o'clock - our sabbath begins at half-past three in winter, and then it moves to four, and that day it moved to half-past four. I always look at the clock to see how long I am out.
MR. ANDREWS. Q. What was your reason for looking at the clock - A. I always want to know how long I am out. I had something to do in our church that day - he said sabbath began at four o'clock, and I said it was half-past. I do not know yet what he was taken up for. I would not believe my lodger, and so I asked his father what it was for; he said he did not know; and I said he walked with me from Holborn, and left me at one o'clock.
COURT. Q. Did your lodger tell you what time the offence was committed, or what it was for - A. No.
Q. Then how came you to say he was with you at one o'clock - A. That was the time I left him.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARTON
               



            . When the prisoner was apprehended Atfield told him he was charged with picking a pocket, at half-past twelve o'clock that day - he said nothing about being with another person at the time.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATFIELD
               



            . I and the prosecutor told him the time in the tap-room - he said nothing about having been with another one.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . He said nothing of having been with Joseph, or any one.


                  JOHN 
                  ATWOOD
               



            . I believe I told him it was half-past twelve o'clock. He said not a word of having been in Joseph's company, or with any one else.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
