





642. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DEAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               unlawfully and by false pretences obtaining goods value 8 l. 7 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Maberley
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HILLYARD
               



            . I am foreman and warehouseman to Mr. 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Maberley
               



            , he is the contractor for supplying the cavalry
. I first saw the prisoner on the 16th of March, 1819, at the warehouse; he told me he came about Captain 
               Lacon
            's business, and that he wanted twenty-four head-stall collars, six pair of overall chains, twelve cavalry feathers and cases, twelve pair of spurs and twelve pair of spur-leathers; he said he wanted them for Captain 
               Lacon
            's troops - they were to be sent to the Yarmouth Arms, Thames-street, and he was to receive them there to take to Yarmouth. We have served Captain 
               Lacon
             ever since 1817. He was very urgent to get them off, and said the troop could not go on duty without them. I have authority to execute all orders, in consequence of which I sent them off on the 17th - I have never seen them since. I then believed them to be for the troop, as I knew the prisoner belonged to it. I saw him the latter end of April, when he was apprehended - they were worth 10 l.
Prisoner. Q. At the time you say the things were ordered, to whom did I say they were to be directed - A. To Captain 
               Lacon
            , of the Yarmouth Yeomanry Troop.


                  CHARLES 
                  EGGEN
               



            . I am a porter. I conveyed the goods to the Yarmouth Arms, directed to Captain 
               Lacon
            . When I got there I enquired of the landlady for Sergeant Dean. I saw the prisoner ten minutes afterwards, and told him I had brought the goods agreeably to his order. I am sure he is the man.


                  EDMUND 
                  KNOWLES LACON
               



            , ESQ. I am Captain in the Yarmouth Yeomanry Cavalry, the prisoner had been a sergeant in my corps. He had no authority to order any things for me, he had left the troop. I discharged him the latter end of 1818, or beginning of 1819. I never received the goods - he was perfectly unknown to me at the time. The troop was not in want of them. He was discharged by being struck off the rolls, and sending for his accoutrements. He never was on duty after that, neither would he be permitted.
Q. You are sure the prisoner was discharged - A. Certainly.
Prisoner's Defence. During the eight years I was under Captain 
               Lacon
            , I was authorized by him to order what things might be wanted, but I have never ordered anything since. I never did receive any things at the Yarmouth Arms.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
