





1730. 
               
                  ISAAC 
                  WILLIS
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Smith
                     




                  , about three o'clock in the morning of the 18th of August
, (no person being therein) and stealing 5 handkerchiefs, value 5s.; 1 coat, value 20s.; 1 pair of breeches, value 18s.; 1 cloak, value 15s.; 2 table clothes, value 3s.; 2 shifs, value 5s., and 1 sheet, value 1s., his property
            .


                  JANE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am the wife of Robert Smith, and live in the parish of St. Dunstan, Stepney


. On the 18th of August I came home and found two men in my house; when they heard me open the door, they came down stairs and I struggled with them both, but they got from me - I am certain the prisoner was one - he had a crow-bar; nothing had been taken from the house; as they came across the parlour, these handkerchiefs were thrown on the floor; they had been removed from where they were before; I shut the door too, but they got from me one at a time, and got out; I gave an alarm.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WELCH
               



            . I live next door to the witness. On the 18th of August I heard the alarm, and saw two men running from her house; I pursued, and took the prisoner - the other got away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DICKINSON
               



            . I am an officer. About four o'clock on the 18th of August, I was at the corner of Heath-street, and heard a noise - I saw the prisoner running, and Welch following him - we took him; I found this crow-bar in his right-hand pocket; I had passed the house just before, and heard a noise, but I thought it was a family affair; I asked how he came to break into any person's house; he said he was sorry for it - that he was in distress; there was no marks of violence whatever on the door.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going across Stepney, and as I ran by the prosecutrix's house, she came and cried, Stop thief! I had not been in the house.




               GUILTY. Aged 36. Of Stealing only
             - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
