





892. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  PERRY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of April
, eight silver spoons, value 50 s., and a milk-pot, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Ambler
               




            .



                  JANE 
                  RUGG
               



            . I live with John Ambler, in Rosemary-lane, Ball's Pond-common


 - he is a hay salesman at Smithfield-market
. On the 21st of April, about ten o'clock, I saw the prisoner outside the gate, leading to the kitchen, with a basket; I suspected he had been in the kitchen, went in, and missed eight silver tea-spoons and a milk-pot, which I had seen safe about half an hour before; I went out, and saw him running away; I called Stop thief! and he ran still faster; when he found that I pursued him closely he dropped the basket: I picked it up, and still pursued him. I took him at the top of the lane - there were two other boys at the top of the lane, who he intended to give it to.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUCKET
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for, and took charge of the prisoner. I found these spoons and milk-pot in his basket.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I worked for Mr. Wilkes, No. 3, Hare-walk; he sent me to a chandler's-shop, and then to the Green Man, public-house, and I crossed the brick fields, and went up Rosemary-lane; I saw a man dressed in blue - he said, "Where are you going?" I said, "To the Green Man:" he said, "I will give you 6 d. to carry this basket;" I, being a poor lad, took it to carry. He went on about ten yards, and then told me to go up to the top of the lane, and I should see his brother, and to tell him to come to him; I left the basket by his side, and ran up the lane, when a man stopped me.
Two witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
