





SECOND DAY. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 5.
Middlesex Cases, Second Jury.
Before Mr. Recorder.
24. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SPEAKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of November
, 60 lbs. of lead, value 5 s., belonging to 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Platamone
                     




Count St. Antonio
, and fixed to a dwelling-house of his, and one copper, value 5 s.
            , his property.
SECOND COUNT, stating the lead to be fixed to a building.
THIRD COUNT, stating it to be the dwelling-house of the same person and Sophia his wife.
MR. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  ABBOT
               



            . I am an auctioneer, and live in Castle-street, Strand. On the 28th of September I took charge of a house in Duke-street


, for 
               
                  Francis 
                  Platamone
               



             Count St. Antonio, a copper was fixed in the wash-house which I had caused to be unfixed, and put into the house, the service pipe of the cistern was fixed to the premises. I saw it safe within a fortnight of the time the prisoner was apprehended; I kept the key of the house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BIDGOOD
               



            . I am a carpenter. On Monday morning, the 4th of November, about seven o'clock, I met the prisoner in Jeremy-street, with the copper in a bag, on his back; Foxhall and I went up and questioned him, he said he brought it from Duke-street, and was taking it to his master. in Fleet-Market. We followed him, and saw him near an old iron shop in Blue Cross-street, and then stopped him; he resisted a good deal, but Foxhall took him, and I took the copper; he slipped off his coat and ran off - we followed and overtook him - we found a crow-bar and basket in the bag, he was stopped in Regent-streetwithout my losing sight of him. As he was brought back to the top of White Horse-street, I saw a quantity of lead and a knot, wrapped up in a black cloth - it was in the direction he went. I compared the crow-bar with the marks on the house in Duke-street, where the lead was wrenched, it fitted, and the pipe matched with the rest - the edges were quite fresh cut.


                  THOMAS 
                  FOXHALL
               



            . I was with Bidgood.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BRUTON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Abbot. I know the copper.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in Jeremy-street, about a quarter past seven o'clock, and a man gave me the copper to carry to Fleet-Market.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
