





884. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HANCOCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of June
, one handkerchief, value 7 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Bailey
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
ROBERT BAILEY. I live at the London-tavern. On Sunday evening the 4th of June, about nine o'clock at night, I was in Chiswell-street


 with some friends - I observed two persons close behind me. I suspected them, and kept my eye on them. I put my hand to my pocket, and found my handkerchief was safe, in a few minutes I saw them again close behind me - I walked on, and in a few seconds I put my hand to my pocket and missed it; nobody was near me but them. I observed the prisoner and the other then across the road. I watched till the prisoner got to the corner of Lamb's passage, I immediately ran across the road and saw him with the other, who was not above twelve years old, with the handkerchief, looking at it by the gas, both were examining it. I seized the boy being the the nearest - they both had it in their hands. The moment I seized the boy, I lost sight of it, and the prisoner ran away. I let the boy go and followed him, calling Stop thief! he ran about one hundred and fifty yards, and was stopped without my losing sight of him. I took him into a public-house, he said if I would take him into the street, he would take me to the boy who had the handkerchief. I did so, and when he got five or six yards from the door, he made a terrible noise, crying out for a lad who had found a handkerchief. I thought I would get him back to the public-house, and did so with much difficulty - and at the door he was seized by three or four girls, who wanted to rescue him, but the watchman took him.
Prisoner's Defence. Some gentlemen said if I went out I should find it. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
