





710. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     GASKIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, a load of hay, value 5 l., and eight trusses of hay, value 1 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Nicholl
                  




               
            .
MR. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I am hay-binder to Mr. Nicholl, who lives in Hendon parish


. On Friday the 27thof February, about three o'clock, I left the shed, with a load and ten trusses of hay bound ready for the market. On Sunday evening I missed eight trusses out of the load - eight rough bundles of hay were substituted for them. It was common hay, cut out of the rough of the rick. On the Saturday before the robbery the prisoner saw me. I said I wanted a new cutting knife, and must go to London next Saturday and buy one, and on that Saturday this robbery was done.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HANDYMAN
               



            . A message was delivered to me, in consequence of which I sent my man Anderson to Kennington-lane, at five o'clock in the morning, with a cart.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Handyman. On the 28th of February, at five o'clock in the morning, he sent me down to Kennington-lane, with the cart and horses. I there met the prisoner, who told me to make haste. I said I could not come faster. He asked me to give him the whip, and he drove the horses into a field near the hay-rick. The gate was open - his brother Will was waiting there. They set the cart all ready for loading. The prisoner got into the cart and loaded the hay, and Will pitched it. They told me to move three large trusses into a place from where they took four trusses. The prisoner then got off the load, took the whip, and drove off, and I left Will Gaskin in the rick-yard. I drove the hay to Paddington - Will went with me. The prisoner joined us at Paddington, and then they tried to sell it, but could not, and brought it to town. They sold it in New York-place, near the New-road. The prisoner gave me 10 s. to give my master for the cartage. I did not know that any thing was wrong.
COURT. Q. Do you know from whose premises they took the hay - A. I know it used to be Mr. Nicholl's premises.


                  SAMUEL 
                  NICHOLLS
               



            . I am son of the prosecutor. I know the place Anderson has spoken of - the hay there was my father's. It is worth about 4 l. 10 s.


                  GEORGE 
                  COOPER
               



            . I live in Little York-place, Mary-le-bone. I bought the hay for 4 l. 10 s. I believe the prisoner to be one of the men.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I think Mr. Cooper is the gentleman he sold it to.
Prisoner's Defence. That is not the gentleman I sold it to.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
