





Before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
186. 
               
                  ZACHARIAH 
                  PERMAN
               




             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Simmonds
                     




                  , about twelve o'clock in the night of the 18th of December
, and stealing a coat, value 40 s.; two pairs of shoes, value 12 s.; a tablecloth, value 5 s.; a napkin, value 6 d., and a handkerchief, value 10 d.
            , his property.
JOHN SIMMONDS. I live at Finchley


. On the 18th of December I went to bed last at night, and bolted the bakehouse door with three bolts; next morning, about a quarter to eight o'clock, I found it broken open, and the property stated in the indictment stolen. I found the prisoner in custody on the 22d, with some of my property.


                  JOHN 
                  LANGAN
               



            . On the 22d of December I and Wake were in a lane, leading from Colney Hatch to East Barnet - the prisoner was running out of a shed, and threw off a pair of wooden shoes, that he might run faster. About ten o'clock that morning I found in Mr. Rayfall's barn a great coat, a tablecloth, a pair of shoes, and a napkin, and gave them to the landlord of the King of Prussia, public-house - he gave them to Simmonds.


                  ROBERT 
                  WAKE
               



            . On the night of the 21st of December, about twelve o'clock, I found the prisoner sleeping in Rayfall's barn, and on the beam of the rowing mow I found a pair of shoes and a dagger - he was covered over with the rowing; there are two large and a small door to the barn, and instead of coming out at the small door he escaped over the large one, which was open above; I returned with a light, and found his hat, and a handkerchief which Mr. Simmonds claimed. The prisoner had left my service a week or ten days before. I was with Langan next day, about two o'clock, and saw him in a shed, three miles off - I said,
"There he is;" he immediately ran out, and I after him, for two miles, and then took him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  SURRETT
               



            . I am Mr. Simmonds's servant. I got up at a quarter to eight o'clock on this morning - it had been light for half an hour.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to lay down in this barn, but did not know that anything was there.
GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               stealing only
            . 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
