





1296. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODCOCK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of August
, 18 lbs. of leaden pipe, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Lea
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  LEA
               



            . I am the wife of John Lea. We keep the Fox and Bull public-house, at Knightsbridge




. The prisoner lodged there for nearly twelve months. On Wednesday, the 3d of August, there were two twenty-feet-lengths of pipe brought in to lay on the water - it was put into the kitchenby the plumber. The prisoner is a carpenter
, and a Chelsea pensioner
.


                  ANN 
                  WESTBROOK
               



            . I live in Charles-street, New-road, Chelsea. I was with Mrs. Lea for about a week - when the lead was missed I went to look for it, but could not find it - I afterwards saw it accidentally, about eight o'clock in the evening, under some green baize, in the grain hole - I told Mrs. Lea of it, and she desired me to leave it as I found it. Shortly after I heard a bell ring in the back kitchen - I went to answer the bell, and saw the prisoner with six other men - I was ordered to fetch a pot of half-and-half - when I took that in I saw the prisoner take up an empty basket, and go out - his companions asked him why he did not stay - he said he would be back presently - he afterwards came to me at the bar for some paper, which he said Mrs. Lea sent him for - I afterwards saw him near the skittle-ground, with the basket in his hand.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I am a whitesmith. I was desired by Mrs. Lea to keep watch in the grain-hole - while I was there the prisoner came with a basket under his arm - he had covered something, and put it in the basket - he was going up the steps, when I touched him on the shoulder and said, I believed he was the person I wanted - he then dropped the basket - I took him to the door - an officer was sent for - I picked up the basket, but no one had done any thing to it till the officer received it.


                  EDWARD 
                  GRANT
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for to Mrs. Lea's on the night of the 5th of August. I received a basket from Holmes with the leaden pipe, which I have here.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I had no intention of stealing it - I meant to take it to Mrs. Lea - I had a coat in pawn, and took the basket to fetch it back - I was going past the grain-hole, and saw the lead.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
