





206. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS NATHANIEL 
                     STEERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of December
, a shirt, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Poole
                  




               
            .


                  HARRIET 
                  DEAN
               



            . I live in Great Barlow-street


, with my aunt, who washes for 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Poole
               



            . On the 4th of December, about two o'clock, I hung his shirt out to dry, and about a quarter after five it was stolen. The prisoner lodged with his mother, in our house.


                  ANN 
                  TAPPER
               



            . I lodge in this house. On the 4th of December, about five o'clock, I saw the prisoner cross the yard to the privy. He returned, went up stairs to his mother's room for five minutes. I then heard him come down again - he crossed the yard to the same place, stood with the door half open, peeping out. I was at the window, and saw him come out to the end of the yard, and snatch at this shirt - he got it off the line the second time. I ran across the room, intending to stop him, but being ill, I had not strength enough to get down, and he went out.


                  HENRY 
                  BUCKERIDE
               



            . On the 4th of December, about half-past six o'clock, I apprehended the prisoner at the prosecutor's house - he denied all knowledge of the shirt, but said he would make it up if they would forgive him.
Prisoner's Defence. I went there to tea - went into the yard - went up stairs - came down into the street very quick, without going into the yard. A person came and said the landlady wanted me - I went to her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
