





1024. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  LAYTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of May
, a watch, value 15 s.; a seal, value 5 s.; a key, value 1 d., and a ribbon, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Spear
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES SPEAR. I live in New-street, Dorset-square. On Wednesday morning, the 11th of May, about two o'clock, I was returning from a public-house on the other side of Westminster-bridge, and found I had drank too much - some person came to me, and in a kind manner offered me his assistance, which I was glad to accept. I suppose I must have told him where I lived - when we got near my own door I pulled out my watch to see the time; he immediately snatched it from me, and ran off; I gave an alarm, and be was taken in a minute or two.


                  THOMAS 
                  WINNETT
               



            . I live in York-street, Westminster, and am a watchman. I was calling four o'clock in York-mews, on the 11th of this month; I heard the cry, and went to Davis-street


; I saw the prisoner running, and stopped him: he struck me on my chin, and my hat fell off; assistance came, and he was taken. He said, "What am I stopped for?" the prosecutor came up, and said, "You have got my watch, give it me;" the prisoner said, "I have not got it;" we went back to Davis-street, and there saw the watch laying in an area, at the place where I first collared him, about a quarter of a mile from the place where Mr. Spear lives.


                  THOMAS 
                  PERRING
               



            . I am a watchman of Mary-le-bone. On the 11th of May, at four o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner running round Davis-street; I pursued him, and saw him in the custody of Winnett; I assisted to take him back to York-place, where we found the prosecutor, who asked him for his watch; he said he had got none: the serjeant of the night came, and we searched him, but found nothing. In going down Baker-street the prosecutor again said, "Take counsel, and give me my watch;" the prisoner said he was never in a watch-house in his life. I then asked him where it was, and he said he had thrown it down the area in the street where we came from; I went back, and saw it down an area, and a person who lodges in the house gave it me up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SELLERS
               



            . I am watch-house keeper. I received charge of the prisoner - he said he was very sorry for what he had done, and hoped the prosecutor would forgive him.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
Recommended to Mercy. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
