






1679. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  IVES
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SWINDELL
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of October
, a handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of a 
                     person unknown


                  , from his person
            .


                  JESSEE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a dealer in glass, and live in City-terrace, City-road. On the 18th of August, between six and seven o'clock, I saw the prisoners on Holborn-hill


, for about ten minutes, and watched them. I saw Swindell take a handkerchief from a gentleman's coat pocket, and hand it to Ives, who was close by; they had crossed over the way to the gentleman, and followed him for two or three minutes; I saw them from the opposite side: I do not know the gentleman. I collared Ives - Swindell ran through a corner shop, with two doors, and down Field-lane; I hallooed to the gentleman, but could not make him hear. Ives struggled with me, and dragged me down into Field-lane. I took the handkerchief from under his coat, and gave it to the constable. I did not see Swindell again till next morning, but am sure I am not mistaken in him. I watched them in consequence of Hughes pointing them out.


                  HENRY 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoners going up Holborn-hill together, and knowing them before I watched them part of the way up the hill. I had occasion to stop, and did not see the felony committed. I saw Phillips taking Ives to the Compter. I took Swindell next morning, in King-street, Cheapside, and am sure he is the man. I fetched Phillips, who identified him - he said he had come there to look for his father. Phillips delivered the handkerchief to me - it is worth 3 s.
Prisoner IVES. Q. You never saw me in Swindell's company? A. I am positive of it. I knew them before; I have often seen them together.
IVES' Defence. As to Swindell taking it, it is false. I had it in my hand when Phillips collared me; he said he was an officer.
JESSEE PHILLIPS. I have been an officer, and said I was one.
SWINDELL'S Defence. I was never with him in my life.
IVES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
SWINDELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.





               Transported for Life
            .
