





Before Mr. Justice Park.
682. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     LEPPARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of February
, a bag, value 2 d., and four sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Dixon
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  DIXON
               



            . I live at Kensington. On the 21st of February, about twelve o'clock at night, I was coming from Shepherd's-bush, into the Hammersmith-road; the prisoner met me coming off Brook-green, and asked me to give her something to drink; I said the houses were all shut; she said no, they were not, that there was one open further on; she followed by my side to Hammersmith turnpike


; the Bell and Auchor public-house was shut up. I said,
"You see the house is shut." I immediately crossed to the opposite side, and as I came through the posts, she pushed against me several times; she said there was a house further on, and when I got about two hundred yards from the gate, she turned down William-street


, and by her leaving so suddenly, I suspected that she had robbed me. I put my hand into my breeches pocket, and my bag, containing four sovereigns and some silver, was gone. I immediately ran back to the turnpike to look for the watchman; he was not there. I stoped a few minutes; two watchmen came; I described her to a watchman, who took me to a house; we stopped there, and she came up to the door. I gave her in charge.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Was it quite dark - A. Yes; she had a bonnet on. I meant to give her something to get rid of her if the house had been opened. There are gas-lights on the opposite side of the road. I am sure of her person; I had an opportunity of seeing her face, and if I had not I could have described her person.
COURT. Q. How could she got your money without your perceiving it - A. I suppose it was done as I went through the posts. I do not remember whether my pocket was buttoned. My money was safe when I was on the green - I met nobody else.


                  THOMAS 
                  JENKINS
               



            . I am a watchman. Dixon came to me just after. I had called twelve o'clock; he said he had been robbed, and described the person - but before that I had met him with the prisoner; she was rather before him. I went with him to her house; she came up. I went to her, and charged her with robbing Mr. Dixon; she said she had not; I was ten minutes before I could get her from the door, and in the meantime her husband came up - she wanted to get in doors; I would not let her - she said to he husband,
"You take the key," and put something out of her hand into his; I suspected that it was the money, and collared him, and immediately saw him throw something out of his right-hand, it sounded like money in falling. I told the watchman to get a light; and, where I thought, the money was all found in the bag.
Cross-examined. Q. You had not searched him before - A. No. I was hustling to get her to the watch-house; I saw her pass something to her husband, and saw himclench his hand up. I saw no key; the door was locked.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVEY
               



            . I am a watchman. I got a light, and looked where Jenkins pointed out, and found the bag and money - the prosecutor gave it to the constable.


                  JAMES 
                  MILLWELL
               



            . I am a constable. Dixon gave me the bag - it contained 3 l. 6 s. 6 d.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  DIXON
               



            . It is mine; it is not a common one, it is made out of brown Holland by my children. I was perfectly sober.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
