





2135. 
               
                  MARY 
                  REEVES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, 1 axe, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Scott
               




            .
FREDERICK SCOTT. I am a carpenter
, and live in Church-row


. On the 14th of October, I went out, and bought the blade of an axe at Mr. Bristow's; I did not get drunk, but coming home from sea I had drunk two glasses after I bought the axe; I could not tell the name of the street, and I asked a man to see me home; the prisoner fell in with the man, and they both saw me home; I got to my door, and the blade of the axe fell from my arm; the prisoner took it up, and I thought she would be honest, and bring it home; I did not know her before.


                  JANE 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am the prosecutor's daughter; he was very drunk that night, and the young man assisted him up stairs; I did not know the prisoner before; I saw the head of the axe, and the prisoner took it up at the door; she saw my father drop it - she went away for a short time, and then came back to see if the young man was there; the axe has not been found.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a marine-store dealer. The prisoner offered me the head of an axe for sale, on Tuesday week I think it was - I did not buy it - I knew her before.


                  MARY 
                  VANTEEN
               



            . On Tuesday week, the prisoner brought the head of an axe for sale between four and five o'clock - supposing it was not her's, I would not buy it; she said the man had received his pension that day, and would not give her any money, that he should not get to the windward of her, she would sell the axe.


                  GEORGE 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am a constable, and took the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 14th of October, I had been for a pail of water; I met the prosecutor; he was drunk, and the man who was leading him said "Will you have the goodness to hold this axe for me;" he then asked me to go with them, as he could not hold the prosecutor up with one arm; I put away my pail, and went - I stood at the foot of the stairs - I said to the young man "Are you coming?" he made no answer; I then went up, and said"Come, I wish you would come" - he came down, and we went down the street together; he said "I wish I knew where to leave this axe" - I took it to these two shops, and they would not take it in, because it was without a handle - I took it back, and gave it to the young man.
JANE SCOTT re-examined. Q. Did you see the axe fall from your father's arm? A. Yes, and the prisoner took it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
