





522. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  CURREY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, 1 chaise, value 20l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Ball
               




            .
THOMAS BALL. I am a coach-maker
, and live in Aldersgate-street; on the 1st of February, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to my shop in Goswell-street, and said he wanted a chaise for Mr. Murphy, of Moor-lane, who is a customer of mine - I asked if he knew where my chaise shop was; he said Yes- and I said if he would go over, I would follow him directly; he went - I could not go directly; I got there in half an hour; the chaise was then gone, and I have not seen it since - I did not know the prisoner before; my man had attended to him; it was worth above 20l. - I would not have lent it to him; he was to deliver it to Murphy - he said it should be returned between five and six o'clock the same evening; I apprehended him on the 3d of February, in Cow-heel-alley, at twelve o'clock at night - I charged him with stealing the chaise; he said he knew nothing of it; Murphy was with me.


                  HENRY 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am in Mr. Ball's employ, at Aldersgate-street - on the 1st of February, between eleven and twelve o'clock, the prisoner came, and said he wanted a chaise for Michael Murphy - that he had seen my master, who said he was to have one; Murphy lives in Moor-lane, and has had two or three chaises of master; I delivered him a chaise worth 20l., and have not seen it since.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am an officer; the prisoner was brought to the watch-house on the 3d of February, by Ball and Murphy.


                  MICHAEL 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I live in Moor-lane, and am a stable-keeper; I also keep a potatoe shop; I have known the prisoner about three years; he waters the street for me in the summer time - I never sent him to borrow a chaise; it was unknown to me; Ball sent to me on the 2d of February, to know what had become of it; I afterwards assisted in taking him at his lodgings - I asked him what had become of it; he said he would not answer me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Tranported for Seven Years
            .
