





154. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     TEW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzling one half crown, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Prestwidge
                        




                     
                  , his employer
            .
SECOND COUNT for stealing a half crown.
MR. BRODRICK conducted the Prosecution.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PRESTWIDGE
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live in Drury-lane


. The prisoner lived shopman
 with me for a year and a half; it was his duty to receive money. On the 14th of November
, about six o'clock, my wife and I went out, leaving him and Taylor in the shop. I returned about twelve, and in consequence of a communication from Taylor, I saw the prisoner in his presence, and desired him to produce his money from his pocket; he produced 25 s. Taylor selected and identified a half crown from among it. I said, "Tew, how much have you taken out of the till to-day?" He said, "I had 10 s. in the morning, and the other 15 s. I have taken from the till to-day."


                  JACOB 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am employed by the prosecutor. He left me with the prisoner. I marked three half crowns in Shaw's presence in the back parlour. Shaw took them away. I afterwards saw two of the same in the till, the other was missing, and found on the prisoner's person - this is it, (looking at one).


                  JOHN 
                  SHAW
               



            . I am a chemist. I saw the half crowns marked, and gave them to Brown, and followed him to Prestwidge's shop, where he bought some tea.


                  GEORGE 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Day. I received three half crowns and took them to Prestwidge's, and gave them to the prisoner for one pound of 7 s. tea.


                  JOHN 
                  LACKLAN
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the 15 s.


                  JACOB 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . Here is one half crown among them which I marked.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
