





587. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BONNY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, one mare, price 10 l.; one cart, value 10 l.; 160 lbs. of mutton, value 5 l., and 200 lbs. of veal, value 6 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Christian 
                     Deering
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  DEERING
               



            . I am son of 
               
                  Christian 
                  Deering
               



            , who lives in Kennington-lane, and is a butcher
; the prisoner used to mind the butchers' carts at Smithfield-market
 - we sometimes bring meat there to carry to other places, when we come to buy cattle. On the 15th of April I left my cart at the corner of the Hide-market, in Leadenhall-street


, in the care of Hatton - it contained the carcases of two calves and three sheep. I returned in three-quarters of an hour and took Hatton away to fetch two pigs. We came back in about ten minutes, the cart, horse, and meat were gone. I found the cart about half an hour afterwards, standing empty opposite Whitecross-street prison; the meat was all gone. I waited there sometime, no person came to it, and I drove it back to Leadenhall-market.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HATTON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Deering. I left the cart for about ten minutes, when I returned it was gone. I did not see the prisoner near it.


                  THOMAS 
                  KING
               



            . I work for Mr. Hewitson, who lives in Golden-lane. I was standing at the door, and saw the cart drive by, the prisoner and another lad were in it - he hung down his head as he passed - my master sent me to watch him. I saw him go up Ball-yard, and take four sides of veal and three carcases of sheep out of the cart - he took them one at a time down Catherine-wheel-alley.
Cross-examined by MR. ARABIN. Q. You did not know who the horse and cart belonged to - A. No. I am sure the prisoner is the lad.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEWITSON
               



            . I am a coal-dealer; King works for me. We were standing at the door, and saw the prisoner and another drive by - he held his head down. King said,
"What makes Bonny hold his head down?" I said,
"Perhaps he has got something he does not wish us to see, run after him." I knew him before by seeing him about.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DEBONAIRE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Haines, who lives in the Borough. I was at Leadenhall-market, and saw the prisoner in the cart - I looked at him and he at me. The prosecutor's son came to me soon after, and enquired for his cart - the prisoner was then gone. I saw him and the same cart at Worship-street. I had seen the prisoner before at Newgate-market.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner in Bunhill-row.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at home with my mother at the time.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
Of stealing the meat only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
