





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
2077. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  HENDRICK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of October
, 1 box, value 1d.; 1 ring, value 1s., and 3 sovereigns
            , the property of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Smith
               




            .
JANE SMITH. I live in Red Lion-court


, and keep a mangle
. I make up one bed for a single man - the prisoner came to lodge with me in the latter part of September; I had a trunk in one of my rooms - it was locked, but the room was not; the key of the trunk was kept in the cupboard in my bed-room - the prisoner had nothing to do with my rooms; in the trunk was a little box, with a ring and three sovereigns in it; on the 3d of October I saw my key safe when I went out in the morning - when I came back it was gone; I went down to the prisoner about it - he denied it, but I felt it in his trouser's pocket; I then went out, and on my return he threw the key at me, and said he had taken it for a lark - I went up, opened the trunk, and all was right; I hung the key on a nail in the cupboard, and on the Monday I missed my money, ring and little box - I went down to the prisoner, and asked him to give me the man's money - he said, "What man?" I said,"Don't ask me what man, I mean the man that is sick in the hospital" - he said he knew nothing of it; it was in the chest - he took his hat to go out; I said he should not go out till I found the money - I sent for the officer, who found the ring and one sovereign.


                  JOHN 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, and found the prisoner in the middle-room - I searched the room, and found a little box in a tea-pot, and behind the stove I found a sovereign and a little ring, which was just by where the prisoner had been standing when we went into room.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never had them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
