





EIGHTH DAY. THURSDAY, APRIL 25. 1822.
669. 
               
                  
                     HENRY THOMAS 
                     PARKES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of March
, two traces, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Moorley
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  MOORLEY
               



            . I live in St. Anns-street, Soho


; the prisoner was my groom
, and left me on the 9th of March, and had no business on the premises after that. On the 13th, between nine and ten o'clock at night, in consequence of information, I went to my stable, and found the harness pulled about, and two traces gone; and the prisoner concealed under some boards in the hay loft. I saw another man run from the stable door, and leave one of the traces at the door.


                  JOHN 
                  NASH
               



            . I am a collar maker, and live opposite the stable. About half past nine o'clock I saw a man standing by my door, with a bag under his arm; he looked about there. I went to the stable door, and heard a voice inside say -
"I am coming over now - gently;" I said,
"Aye," and the voice said again,
"I am coming;" I said,
"Which way?" I suppose he took me for his companion. I rang the bell, and alarmed Mr. Moorley. We unlocked the door, and found the prisoner in the loft; the other man ran away.


                  ROBERT 
                  HOWE
               



            . I accompanied them to the stable, and found the harness knocked about. I had left all safe at eight o'clock - there is an outer door, which a person could get over. I picked up a trace outside the door, which was safe at eight o'clock.
Prisoner's Defence. I am guilty of being in the stable, but not with intent to steal.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
