






916. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     COCKLIN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     GOODWIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of March
, 2 umbrellas, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Teesdale
                  




               
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WADE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Teesdale
               



            , a solicitor
 of Fenchurch-street


. There was a stand of umbrellas in the hall; on the morning of the 3d of March, between seven and eight o'clock, I passed through the hall, and the umbrellas were safe; there was a silk and a cotton one - the dustmen were there, taking away the dust as I went out; I came back about a quarter before eight, and the two umbrellas were gone - I have not seen them since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LONG
               



            . On the morning of the 3d of March I was in Fenchurch-street, about a quarter before eight, o'clock; I have seen the prisoners about the street before that; I know them by sight - on the 3d of March I saw them near Mr. Teesdale's door at a quarter before eight; they were looking at the houses, as if looking for a number- the dust-cart was before the door; they were talking together - Goodwin went into Mr. Teesdale's house; Cocklin looked all about, and then whistled; Goodwin then came out with two umbrellas under his arm - they walked down London-street; I turned back and told the dustman - I saw nothing more of them; London-street would take them to Crutched-friars - I am quite sure they are the two men; I afterwards went up to George-yard, Wentworth-street, to the George public-house, to show the officers where I thought they would be - I saw them there; I did not go in; I saw them standing at the door - I told the officers, who went in and took them - but they were obstinate, and would not go with them; I am quite sure the prisoners are the persons; the officers were obliged to let go of them - a young woman was there, and they sent out a man to call in assistance; I saw them again next day in George-yard, and knew them to be the men - they said nothing to me; they were taken before the Justice about a fortnight afterwards, and I was certain of them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How old are you? A. Thirteen years; the officers could not take them- they forced through the house; I was never taken up for any thing - I gave information; they were followed immediately to their lodgings - no umbrellas were found; I lost sight of them, because I turned round to tell the dustman; one went down London-street, and the other down Mark-lane; that took about five minutes - the public-house is a quarter of a mile off.
Q. Did you tell the officers who the men were? A. I told them where I thought they would be, because I had often seen them about George-yard; I live in George-street - I work for Mr. Smith - I was going over to my grandmother's, in the Borough; I did not follow down London-street: I was never in custody myself.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What is your father? A. A labourer at St Katharine's Docks. I get work where I can- it was three quarters of an hour after that I saw them in George-yard.


                  JAMES 
                  DRURY
               



            . I am a cellar-man to Lee and Bradshaw, of Mineing-lane. On the 3d of March, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning. I was passing by Mr. Teesdale's door, and saw the two prisoners talking together at the door; I watched them - on my looking at them, Goodwin walked round Mark-lane, and pretended to look at a door opposite for a number; he then came back, spoke to the other, walked into the passage, and came out - I only saw the top of one umbrella; he spoke to Cocklin, and walked round London-street - I went after him with a permit-writer, and near the steps leading to Crutched-friars, I called out "Stop him with the umbrella;" he then began to run, and turned down the steps into Crutched-friars - I ran into the middle of the road, calling out Stop him! I saw Devey running after him; I then left them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you see Hewitt? A. No; I was on the other side of the way - I was about twelve yards from the door, when Goodwin went in; there might be another person on the other side of the cart without my seeing him; Goodwin went by the back of the cart, I followed on the opposite; I saw no boy about, but I was noticing the prisoners; I knew Goodwin before - I saw him afterwards at Lambeth-street; I said he was the person - I saw but one umbrella in his hand; when I followed him, he put it down, and held it down - he might have had two.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You saw him near the house,then went across the way, so that the cart was between you? A. Yes; he spoke to the other, and immediately walked into the passage - a whistle could have been given without my hearing it; he walked quietly till I called Stop him! and then ran.


                  THOMAS 
                  DEVEY
               



            . I am street-keeper of Aldgate. On the morning of the 3d of March I was on duty in Crutched-friars, and pursued Goodwin, whom Drury pointed out - he was running with two umbrellas under his arm, one green and the other a dark colour; he turned through Northumberland-alley, ran across Fenchurch-street into Leadenhall-street, and at last got away; I went back afterwards and gave information - I afterwards went to Mr. Teesdale's house and saw Long; I went with him to George-yard - both the prisoners were drinking at the bar; I went and seized Goodwin by the collar, and told him he had committed the robbery; the patrol seized Cocklin - a dreadful struggle ensued: they called for assistance from a person, I think, named White - there were four or five at the bar; I pulled Goodwin out of the house, the patrol had got Cocklin inside, and they were all upon him - I went to his assistance, and they all retreated out of the back door - I went to Lambeth-street Office and gave information.
Cross-examined. Q. He had no umbrella at the public-house? A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ARTHUR
               



            . I am inspector of the watch. I accompanied Devey to the George, George-yard - Long said, "There they are;" Devey took hold of Goodwin and I of Cocklin - he screamed out that I was going to grab him, which means to take him; a woman came to his assistance, and threw herself between us; he broke from me, and ran through the back door of the house - I followed him - three people came to his assistance and rescued him from me a second time; I lost him, and did not see him again till the 17th of March; I knew him again.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You seized him without saying a word? A. I had my staff in my hand, and said, "I wanted him;" he called out that I was going to grab him; that could be heard outside the house; I did not know Long before, and never knew any thing against him.


                  THOMAS 
                  SHELLSWELL
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth-street. On the 11th of March I went to a lodging-house in Wentworth-street, and found the two prisoners in the same room; I told them I came to apprehend them for a crack down the road - that means housebreaking; Cocklin said, "If that I the case we will go with you quietly; but if it is for the City job we are sure to be lugged;" which means transported - they went quietly.
Cross-examined. Q. A crack means breaking open a house, not going into an open door? A. No; it means a regular burglary: I did not take them at their regular lodgings, they were out of the way; I knew their lodgings, and searched them, but found nothing.
JURY to LONG. Q. Did you know any thing of the prisoners before to induce you to watch them? A. No; I watched them because I thought they were after no good; I had seen them about; they had been pointed out to me; I knew they lived in Cage-street, Wentworth-street.
GOODWIN'S Defence. I went up to Cocklin's house, and had not been there five minutes before Shellswell came in.
COCKLIN's Defence. I never was there.
COCKLIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
GOODWIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
