





1327. 
               
                  ISAAC 
                  GRAVES
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Nathaniel 
                        Jerrom
                     




                  , on the 18th of May
, putting him in fear and taking from his person and against his will 2 half-crowns, his property
            .
NATHANIEL JERROM. I am a tailor
. On Saturday morning the 18th of May, between twelve and one o'clock, I was coming home from the Borough, and in Bishopsgate-street


 I saw Mitchell sitting on a step; I helped her up, and she asked me to give her a glass of gin; I said it was late; she took me to where she knew that she could get it; but before I could get into the house the prisoner seized me by the right arm and Mitchell had hold of my left; put his hand into my right-hand pocket, and took out two half-crowns; my hat fell off; I got up and tried to escape; he struck me a violent blow on the back of my head; it cut my head - I am certain of his person; he stood by me for two minutes; he was not apprehended till Sunday night.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . Between twelve and one o'clock in the morning of Saturday, the 18th of May, the prosecutor came home and described the prisoner; I knew him well by the description, and told him to come to me in the evening - I took him to the Black Raven, public-house, Bishopsgate-street, and asked if he could point out the man; he pointed to the prisoner and said, "This is the man I am certain."


                  SARAH 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I met the prosecutor; I had hold of his left arm when the prisoner turned his right-hand pocket inside out - I saw him do it, but did not see him take any thing; I am certain of his person; it was not him who struck him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in Angel-alley and heard a cry of Watch! I turned back and heard a gentleman had been robbed of two half-crowns - I went straight home.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
Of stealing from the person only. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
