






Before Mr. Recorder.
230. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MORRINGTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of December
, 80 lbs. of lead, value 15 s., the goods of our Lord 
                     
the King




                  , and fixed to a certain building of his, called a barrack
            .
SECOND COUNT, omitting to state that it was fixed.
MR. BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITEHEAD
               



            . I have the care of the Ordnance barrack, at St. John's-wood, Paddington


. On the 4th of December, I went my rounds, and found part of the ridge of the roof stripped of the lead - I had seen it all safe on the 2d, about ten o'clock in the morning. I gave information, and found some lead at the office on Friday, the 8th, and upon comparing it, found it fitted with the rest - it was torn off, and the edges corresponded.


                  JONATHAN 
                  HUNT
               



            . On the 3d of December, I was on duty near Maida-hill, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, and met Morrington at the bottom of the hill - Edwards was two or three paces behind him; they each had a bag on their shoulders. I asked Morrington what he had there; he said he did not know - I said it was pidgeon (meaning lead), and told him to put it down, he threw it down - I asked Edwards to put his lead down, he did so. Morrington was going away; I said
"I must detain you as well as the property" - Harrison who was with me, handcuffed them. We found a hammer and a knife upon Edwards; the rivet was broken, and there was marks of the hammer on the back of the knife. I found a knife on Morrington, which has been used in the same way - we took them to the office. We delivered the lead to Hooker, after marking it. Edwards said he found it in a ditch, and Morrington said he found it in the road; it was a very wet night. The prisoners and the bags were very wet indeed. I took them about half a mile from the barracks. They said they slept in a barn at Red-hill that night, and that was the way they became acquainted.


                  GEORGE 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am an officer, and was with Hunt, whose account is correct. I had seen the prisoners on the Monday morning, between nine and ten o'clock, in the fields, by the barracks. Morrington was looking towards the barracks, and Edwards was lurking about in the fields - I noticed them for full half an hour. I founda hammer in Edwards's pocket, which appeared to be made for the purpose of receiving it. In our way to the watch-house, Morrington said he did not care a d - n, for they had disfigured the lead, so that it could not be matched.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOOKER
               



            . I am an officer. I took the lead to the barracks, with Mr. Wilmott - we tried it, and it tallied.


                  JOHN 
                  WILMOTT
               



            . I am a plumber. I compared the lead, and am positive it came from there. There are 80 lbs. of it.
EDWARDS'S Defence. I met this man on the road, and in the ditch we found the lead; there were plenty of people about.
MORRINGTON'S Defence. I picked mine up.
EDWARDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 57.
MORRINGTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
