





1234. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of July
, ten keys, value 13 s., and one ring, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Green
                     



                  ; and one sovereign, four half-crowns, and three shillings
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Conway
                  



               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  GREEN
               



            . I keep the Magpie and Stump, Fetter-lane




. The prisoner came and took a bed for one night, on the 4th of July. He was to sleep in the two pair back-room, with two other persons. Conway slept in the next bed to him, and went to bed after the prisoner; the prisoner went to bed a little after ten o'clock, and about a quarter past one o'clock, I heard somebody stumbling or falling down stairs. I ran down stairs, and close to the front door passage, I found the prisoner in the act of putting on his shoes. I asked what he did there; he said he was going by the coach at a quarter to five o'clock, and was afraid of being too late. I said, I thought all was not right, and was a great mind to give him in charge. He said, I might depend on his being no thief. I said, he should take off his coat, and he took it off. I asked if he had any money; he said, None. I said he should go back into the room, and see if any thing had happened to either of the parties. I told him to take off his bat; he did so, and I heard something rattle. He said it was only some money he had - I said,
"You said you had no money." I then let him go into the bed-room; I took his hat and coat into my bed-room, returned, and awoke the parties in the room. The first man said in his presence, that his silver was all gone except 6 d. Conway then sat up, and took his trowsers from behind the pillow, and said he had lost one sovereign, four half-crowns, and 3 s.; he had no money left. I searched the bed where the prisoner had slept alone; he had been in the room a minute or two, while I went into my own room. I found between the bolster and mattrass an old canvas purse, which he claimed. I said,
"Here is money; you said you had none." I found in it a sovereign, four half-crowns, 5 s., and five sixpences. Conway claimed them; he said I might depend on it, it was his. Behind the mattress, I also found a bunch of keys, which we had lost about five weeks before; he had lodged there twice before. The other man said the rest of the money was about the sum he had lost.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. The other man did not know what he had lost - A. Not exactly. The prisoner had no watch. I found a bill in the purse, which was his. He took his shoes up to the room at night.



                  GEORGE 
                  CONWAY
               



            . I slept in the room. I went to bed after the prisoner. I had a sovereign four half-crowns, and 3 s. loose in my trowsers pocket. I put them under my pillow. The prisoner and another person slept in the room, each in separate beds. I did not awake till Mr. Green came. I examined my trowsers, found the money all gone, but the trowsers replaced as I had put them; it could not have dropped out by accident. His purse contained the money I lost. I had not been in bed many minutes before I thought I heard my bed-curtains pulled aside; I turned round, and saw the prisoner's arm extended to my bed; he was looking stedfastly at me; he was in bed. Some few minutes after, he got out of bed, and said he could not sleep with a light in the room, and wished to put it out. I refused, as the girl was coming to fetch it.
Cross-examined. Q. What are you - A. A marble paper maker. I was sober, and am certain the money was in my pocket. I had not marked it.


                  JANE 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I was servant at the house. I took the light away from the room about half-past eleven o'clock; the three men were then in their separate beds.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am the watch-house keeper. The prisoner was given into my charge. I found several duplicates of things pawned on that day, on him; three of them are dated that day, and the amount of the whole is 2 l. 13 s.
Cross-examined. Q. The things pawned produced more than you found on him - A. Yes. One pledge is for 25 s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
