





Second London Jury - before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1663. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  GREGORY
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
MR. CRESWELL conducted the prosecution.
MR. 
               
                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  HIGGINS
               




            . My house of business is in Cheapside - I had a son in partnership with me; he has died since this transaction. The prisoner was in our employ, as town traveller and collecting clerk
; he came to us in October, and left in July - we did not discharge him: my son was the acting partner; the prisoner never accounted to me for sums he had received; Mr. Ludgate was a customer of ours - the prisoner's duty was to account every night for money he had received in the morning; he never accounted to me for this sum.
COURT. Q. How did he leave your service? A. My son wrote me word that he had absconded - I paid him every Saturday night; he left on a Friday.
Prisoner. Q. You have received none of the money back, have you? A. No - I am not indemnified for any part of it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRESS
               



            . I am in Mr. Higgins' service. On Thursday, the 26th of June, the prisoner was sent to make a list from the book, of the money he had to collect, and from that list he was to receive the account; he left the warehouse on Friday morning before I got there; he was expected home as usual about half-past seven o'clock, but did not come, and next morning I received this letter, which is in his hand-writing; the very moment Mr. Higgins, Jun. came to the warehouse I gave him the letter - Todd and Ludgate are customers of ours.
Prisoner. Q. Had you any reason to doubt my integrity while in the empoy? A. I had better not answer the question, as I am on my oath.
Q. I wish you to answer it? A. Then I had reason.(Letter Read.)
Mr. HIGGINS, 28th of June.
Sir - I have only time to say I have been robbed, and request you to ascertain instantly the banker's of Townsend and Co., and stop payment of their cheque for 12l. 12s.; also the number of a 10l. and 5l. note, paid me by Todd's, of Moorfields. You will hear from me again.
Yours, unhappily, J. GREGORY.


                  JOHN 
                  TODD
               



            . I am a customer of Mr. Higgins' - I owed them some money; the prisoner called for it; I paid it to him on Friday, the 27th of June, in a 10l. Bank note, a 5l. country note, and 6s. 6d. in silver.


                  PETER 
                  LUDGATE
               



            . I am a draper, and live in Carthusian-street. On the 27th of June the prisoner called for 2l. 18s. on Mr. Higgins' account - I paid it to him.
Prisoner's Defence. I freely admit having fallen into errors of losing property, but I do declare solemnly, as to secreting money for my own benefit, I have not done. On the day in question I had the east end of the town to collect from - two persons are generally sent there, and in order to make the best of my time, I hurried myself; it was very hot - I went without anything till four o'clock; I had then got all my accounts but two, and felt myself so extremely exhausted, I sat down, and suffered myself to be betrayed by drinking an extra pint of ale, which got the better of my nerves - I did not know what I was doing, nor do I at the present moment, if it is the last word I have to utter, know where I lost the property. I have been a tradesman in London sixteen years, and never had my character called in question: and am sorry I should fall into this error from my own weakness, but Mr. Higgins. Jun. knew if I drank too much what was the effect. I have a wife and five children, who I have brought up respectably.
MR. HIGGINS. He was apprehended at Dover - he had no business there.
Prisoner. My reason for leaving London was, my feelings were so overcome; I did not know what I was doing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.
The prosecutor stated his loss at 60l. or 70l.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
