







                     MARY 
                     HADDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of December
, three spoons, value 1 l.; and two window curtains, value 2 s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Charles 
                     Cuthbert
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CHARLES CUTHBERT
               



            . I keep the Goat public-house, in Pall-mall




; the prisoner came and offered herself to me as a servant
, about six weeks ago, and brought me a very good written character, which turns out to be false; I engaged her, she lived about a month with me; in the course of that time, I lost a great deal of property; and, on the 29th of November, about half past nine o'clock at night, I laid four table-spoons on a chest of drawers, in my bed-room; I immediately after, sent her to make my bed; the spoons we missing next morning; I did not suspect her; this was on a Friday. On the Monday, following she had leave to go out for two hours, and never returned; she had previously conveyed away her box; About seven o'clock, on the Tuesday evening, she came very drunk, to demand her wages, and said she was going to follow the guards to Ireland, and had taken her place in the Paddington boat, paid her fare, and wanted her wages directly; I paid her, but she behaved so insolently, I got Pepper, the constable, to take her away. About an and a half afterwards, I was fetched to the watch-house, and found her there; the constable produced two duplicates of four spoons, pawned in the name of Cuthbert.


                  EDWARD 
                  PEPPER
               



            . I am a constable, I took her into custody I asked if she had pawned any spoons of Mr. Cuthbert's, she said No; I told her there was a witness; she said she had pawned one at the corner of Barrett's-buildings, Oxford-street; she then pulled out some duplicates, which were in a purse, and threw them on the table; and said, "Thank God, I have not got those duplicates about me." I then searched her; I saw her put her hand behind her with a handkerchief in it; I seized her hand, she resisted very much; and in the handkerchief, I found 17 s. 1 d., and the duplicate of a spoon, pawned for 9 s., at Mr. Stone's, in Oxford-street; she begged of me to destroy it; I said I would do my duty. I also foundon her another duplicate of a silver spoon, pawned for 9 s. at Mr. Temple's; I sent for Cuthbert, and examined her trunk in her presence, and found a salt spoon and two window curtains.


                  ANN 
                  PHIPPS
               



            . I know the prisoner; she came down to Paddington; she said she was going to Ireland, and sent me to her master's for her box; and as I went along Oxford-street, she went to the pawnbrokers at the corner of Russell-street, and pawned a spoon; I took her empty box to her master's, and brought a full one away, which Pepper examined.


                  JOHN 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am an inspector of nuisances. On the 4th of September, Pepper and I were going our rounds; Cuthbert told me to take her away; she said she would go back, and break every window in his house, and we thought it fit to see her a good way from the house; she was disputing with Phipps about 2 s.; and Phipps said, "I know she can pay me, for I saw her pawn a spoon for 9 s." We went with her to her master's, where she left an empty box, and brought away a full one. We took her to the watch-house with it, and found two duplicates on her of the spoons.


                  JAMES 
                  CHARLES TATE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Oxford-street. The prisoner pawned the table-spoon for 9 s. in the name of Cuthbert. I asked her what name was on it, she said Cuthbert. I asked how she spelt it. She said she was no scholar, and that he grandmother gave it her. She gave her name 
               
                  Ann 
                  Cuthbert
               



            , King-street.


                  THOMAS 
                  TEMPLE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Panton-street, Haymaket. I have a table-spoon, pawned by the prisoner for 9 s.
Prisoner's Defence. He said I should go away that night, and so I took him at his word. I sent my things home. The spoons were safe after I left. I went the next night for my money, this woman called me to the pawnbroker's and asked me pawn a spoon for her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
