





1936. 
               
                  
                     JOHANNA 
                     QUIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of September
, 1 half-sovereign, and nine half-crowns
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Bridget 
                     Lycett
                  




               
            .
BRIDGET LYCETT. I am single
, and live at Mr. Stanley's - the prisoner was there, minding a room
 for some persons who were out; she slept in the same bed with me - I had a box in that room, and 3l. 12s. 6d. in it - it was locked; I missed one half-sovereign, and nine half-crowns from it on the 9th of September - I had the key in my pocket tied to my side; I had left the box locked, but I found it unlocked - I told the prisoner I missed the money, and that she was the thief; she denied it - there was no one else to take it.


                  CATHERINE 
                  STANLEY
               



            . I am mistress of the house the prisoner was employed to mind - the room was open in the day; I never gave the prisoner directions to have any key made.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PERRY
               



            . I am in the service of a gentleman- my brother keeps a smith's shop in Blandford-mews, On the 9th of September the prisoner came while I was there, and asked for a key for a box; I shewed her a large bundle - she selected one, and went away for three or four minutes; she then came back and said it would go in, but would not turn - I picked her out two or three more; she took them, came back, and said neither of them would do - on the Monday following the officer came to me; I went and saw the keys, which I believe were what I gave her - one of them locked and unlocked the box.


                  EDWARD 
                  BURRIDGE
               



            . The prosecutrix applied to me on Saturday, the 12th of September; I took the prisoner at the house, and said it was on suspicion of taking money- she said, "She can't swear to money;" the prosecutrix said she knew she had taken it - the prisoner said any body else might have taken it; I then went and got the keys, and this one opens the box.
Prisoner. I leave it to your mercy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
