





1168. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     BLANCO
                   alias 
WHITE





             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 25th of April
, 8 towels, value 12s.; 2 neckerchiefs, value 3s.; 2 sheets, value 5s. 6d; 2 napkins, value 2s.; 2 dusters, value 1s.; 3 knife cloths, value 1s, and 1 curtain, value 1s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry Scale 
                     English
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  ENGLISH
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Scale
               



             English, of St. Paul's-church-yard


 - he is a solicitor
; the prisoner is a perfect stranger. On the 25th of April, these things were in my sitting-room, on the second floor - they had come from the wash about seven o'clock, and were lying on the sofa; the street door was kept open, but there is a heavy glass door which shuts itself, but was not kept locked - I was gone to the top of the house to call my servant, about half-past seven o'clock, and on coming down stairs, I saw the prisoner coming out of my sitting-room with a large bundle under his arm; I asked who he wanted, he said Mr. Norwich - there is "Norwich shawl warehouse" on the street door - I told him there was no such person, and that he had got my property: I laid hold of the bundle, and gave an alarm - he ran down stairs with the bundle, as I could not get it from him, having a child in one arm; he was stopped before he got out of the house, and I found the bundle contained these article.
PRINCE HOARE. I am assistant at the shawl warehouse; I heard Mrs. English call for assistance - I walked to the warehouse door, and saw the prisoner running down stairs; he ran by me, and threw down the linen - I pursued him down the stairs, he fell down, and I laid hold of him; Davis was sent for - I saw the things in his possession, and he threw them down.
THOMAS DAVIS. I am a constable. I was sent for, and took charge of the prisoner and bundle; he said he did not take them.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never had the property in my possession; a young man who I formerly lived with, as a porter, in Watling-street, told me they wanted a porter at the warehouse at the corner of St. Paul's church-yard; seeing "Shawl warehouse" on this door, I went up, but saw nobody; I heard an altercation on the stairs - a man threw some things at me, and ran down, the prosecutrix called out something - I ran down, and the witness caught hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
