





1948. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of September
, 1 pocket-book, value 1s.; 1 snuff box, value 6d., and 2 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Wheeler
                     



                  , from the person of Mary Ann, his wife

.


                  MARY ANN 
                  WHEELER
               



            . I am the wife of John Wheeler; we live in High-street, Kingsland. I was in Bartholomew fair


 about nine o'clock in the evening of the 5th of September; I had a pocket on, which contained a snuff-box, 2s. in silver, and a pocket-book. I was opposite Richardson's show; all at once, there was a great bustle, and I felt something pulling from my side - I turned, and saw a short man in a great coat, cutting the bottom part of my pocket off, with a knife or a pair of scissars. I said, "You have got my pocket and my little property;" he said,"No, I have not indeed;" he turned to get away from me, as I had got hold of him, and gave the pocket to the prisoner. I saw him take it from his hands - I called, and the officer came up and took him. I can swear positively the prisoner was close to me, when the other cut my pocket and took it from him. I did not hear any conversation between them; I saw it in the prisoner's hands.
Prisoner. She said she could not swear the pocket was put into my hands at all. Witness. No, I said he did not cut it off. I can say distinctly that he had it.


                  MATTHEW 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am a book-binder. I was standing close to Richardson's show - the prisoner and a number of others made a rush - I saw them about this woman's clothes, and one man took something of a light colour from her person, which he gave to the prisoner - the woman said, "That man has got my pocket;" I said, "The other man (meaning the prisoner) has got it." I saw him drop it at his feet, and the prosecutrix took it up.
Prisoner. He swore at Guildhall I never had it. Witness. No, I did not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WORCESTER
               



            . I am an officer. I was in the fair, and seeing a great crowd near the show, I went up to inquire what was the matter; the prosecutrix pointed out the prisoner, who had had the pocket in his possession - I took him in custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRINKWATER
               



            . I was with Worcester - the prosecutrix gave me this pocket, which has been cut off with a knife. I found only this pocket-book and thimble in it - there was a great gang about at the time.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been at work all the day, and came out to get a pint of beer - I happened to drop into the fair - there was a crowd of people, and I was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
