





608. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of January
, 24 yards of flannel, value 22s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Landin
                  




               
            .


                  ABRAHAM 
                  LANDIN
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in Oxford-street


. On the 21st of January I missed a piece of flannel from the door, about seven o'clock in the evening - I had seen it safe about six; this is it, it has my mark on it.


                  DANIEL 
                  DUTCH
               



            . I am an officer. I bring the flannel which was brought to our office by Hampton.


                  JOHN 
                  HAMPTON
               



            . I am a carver and gilder. I was crossing Cavendish-square, on the 21st of January, and heard a cry of Stop thief! - I saw the prisoner running in that direction, and stopped him; he had nothing with him - but I afterwards saw this flannel at a step of a door, I suppose half a quarter of a mile from where I stopped him; he said it was a mistake - he was not the person.


                  JAMES 
                  KENALEY
               



            . I saw the prisoner running behind a hackney-coach, near Holles-street, with this flannel under his arm; there was another person behind him - the prisoner dropped the flannel, picked it up again, and ran up Holles-street, and the other after him; I pursued, and cried Stop thief! he threw it down, and I thought down an area; I caught him by the collar - the other came up and knocked me down on some stones; I got up, and the prisoner ran round Cavendish-square - I pursued, and Hampton stopped him, in my presence; I went back, and found the flannel at the step of the door - this was about half-past six o'clock; I am quite sure the prisoner is the person who had it.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say it was thrown down an area? A. I thought so - you turned your back towards me, and then I collared you; I did not walk up the street and look down several areas - no person came upand said you were not the person that had the flannel; it was found at the step of a door - there were some men standing at the door, but it was not in their possession.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming up Holles-street; I heard something fall, and a person came rushing by - I turned round, and was going to a shop: this young man came up and asked what I had done with the flannel -I said, "What flannel?" I turned, and looked down some areas with him; he said, "You have thrown it down some of these areas" - I said, "I do not know what you mean;" he then collared me, and I certainly did run from him - he fell down; a person came up, who said I was not the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
