






1983. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  CURTIS
               



             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



             were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of October
, 1 mourning-ring, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Marriott
               




            .


                  CHARLES 
                  MILNE
               



            . I live with Mr. William Marriott, who is a jeweller
 - his shop is No. 27, Fenchurch-street


. I was serving in the shop on the 10th of October, when the two prisoners came in together - Curtis had spectacles on, and wanted a mourning-ring: Smith said Curtis wanted it for his father, who was lately dead - I took out the tray of mourning-rings to shew them; they both stood close to - gether on the other side of the counter - Smith was nearest to the door; Curtis selected two rings, one for the size of the finger, and the other for the pattern of one he wished to be made, as he did not like any that would fit him - there was to be engraved inside it, "John Sidmouth, obit 26th January, 1828, aged 82;" they staid about ten minutes, and Curtis gave me 5s. for a deposit, which he borrowed of Smith: and in less than five minutes after they were gone, on our arranging the rings in the tray, I missed one which I had in my hand shewing to them - I had put it into the tray only half an hour before; I had only a boy in the shop, and could not go after them; this was on Friday - I saw them on the following Wednesday at the office, and was certain of them; they never called for the ring or the 5s.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long have you lived with Mr. Marriott? A. Eighteen months; he and his brother are partners in an ironmongery business, but not in the jewellery - Curtis was to pay 38s. for the ring, and to call for it on the Monday - they were in custody then; the ring must have been taken while I was writing the inscription - they had several rings in their hands, and scattered them about; I drew them together as quick as I could - the boy was not in the shop, but in a back-room.



               SAMUEL COBHAM
            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoners on the 13th of October going along Cumberland-street together.
Both - 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for Seven Years from the expiration of their former sentence
            .
