





1868. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, 1 jacket, value 14s.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 1s.; 2 shirts, value 4s.; 1 hat, value 5s., and 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Wells
                        



                     
                  : 1 watch, value 5l.; 2 seals, value 10s., and 1 piece of foreign coin, value 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Tomlinson
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 boat, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Nesbit
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  EPTHORPE
               



            . I am a waterman. I saw the prisoner off Limehouse on the morning of the 29th of September, between three and four o'clock; he was in Nesbit's boat, and had a bundle with him - he was paddling with one paddle; I took him, and gave him to the constable.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ORGAN
               



            . I received the prisoner and this bundle from Epthorpe - I found the prosecutors; this watch and seals were in the prisoner's jacket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JUDGE
               



            , I am an officer. I received the prisoner at the watch-house, and found this hat on his head - he said he bought it in Ratcliff-highway for 10s.


                  EDWARD 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am a sailor
 on board the Diana. This is my hat - I missed it at five o'clock in the morning, on the 29th of September; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  GEORGE 
                  TOMLINSON
               



             I am mate
 of the Diana, of Scarborough. These articles are mine - they were safe at nine o'clock in the evening of the 28th of September, and this watch was in the binnacle; it is mine - no one could get on board without a boat.
JOHN NESBIT. I am a waterman
. The boat was mine, and was safe at Pelican-stairs


 at half-past eight o'clock at night - the prisoner was taken with it about a mile from there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
