






647. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  TURNER
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SCRACE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of February
, a gallon of gin, value 8 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Dennis 
                  Healy
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HEALY
               



            . I am the wife of Dennis Healy. We keep the Adam and Eve public-house, at Kensington




. I directed my son and daughter to watch on the night of the 23d of February - they sat up in the room adjoining the kitchen, till three o'clock in the morning. I got up between five and six next morning, and came out on the stairs - I thought I heard some footsteps moving softly in the passage - I came on to the middle of the stairs, and heard the two prisoners whispering together at the bar door - I saw the light of a candle at the foot of the stairs I called and said
"Is that you, James?" and Scrace said
"It is;" I said
"Give me a light?" He did so - I put it inmy room and came down on the stairs without it. I then heard the bar door shut and locked, and the key taken out - I then heard the cellar door opened with a key, and heard one of the men go down into the cellar - I came down near the cellar door, and heard some liquor rattling into a can; Scrace then came out and went along the passage, stamping and calling out - I waited till Turner came up with a can full of gin - when he came to the top of the cellar stairs I took hold of his arm - I said
"Samuel, is it you who is robbing us?" - he made no answer, but tried to get away - I cried Murder! he let the can drop, but got from me - he got over the pales in the yard and got away. I then went into the kitchen and saw Scrace standing there - I said
"You and Samuel are robbing us;" he said he knew nothing at all about it - he seemed anxious to light the fire, and take up the ashes; we sent for a constable, and before he came another servant lighted the fire, and in the ashes we found this key, which will lock and unlock the bar door - we gave Scrace into custody. They had no right to draw any liquors - they get up about six o'clock generally - they usually slept together in the kitchen.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Was not one of the prisoners to have some gin for cutting your husband's corns? A. Yes, he gave it to him the night before.
Q. Did not your husband give him some directions to go and get some bottle for a medicine for a dog? A. No, there was no bottle for dog medicine in the cellar - they must have known that - I had got a light of them.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. What time do your servants generally get up? A. Between five and six; the kitchen joins the bar, which was locked the night before by my son, who had the key - the cellar is on the other side of the passage - the cellar keys were locked up in the bar.


                  ELEANOR 
                  BRADLY
               



            . In consequence of some information we had received, I and my brother sat up till three o'clock in the morning, and then I went to bed. I had seen my brother lock the cellar door, and put the key into the bar - he locked the bar door and put the key into his pocket - soon after five we were awoke by a cry of Thieves! I went down and saw Scrace standing by the kitchen fire - I asked if they had been robbing us; he said he had not; I said one could not do it without the other; he said he knew nothing about it; he seemed anxious to light the fire and take up the cinders - I said he should not do any thing till the constable came. When the cinders were sifted this key was found there - it was his usual business to fight the fire.


                  HARRIET 
                  WHITNEY
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. The shavings are kept in a shed at the back of the house - on the morning of February the 22d, I found a piece of glass bottle among them, and a whole bottle nearly full of rum; I went in and told my mistress.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Had you seen your master the night before? A. Yes; he was sober.


                  GEORGE 
                  HULL
               



            . I am a constable. On the 23d of February I was applied to take Scrace into custody - Turner was brought to me at the watch-house afterwards; I believe I said I was sorry for what they had done, or to see them in that situation - I have no recollection of any thing they said, but that they were sorry, or something to that effect. I had known them some time, as servants at the Adam and Eve, public-house; I know Mr. Healy - there was nothing said in my hearing about their being transported or hanged.


                  PITT 
                  COLNETT
               



            . I am beadle of Kensington. I took Turner opposite Brompton-row - I took him to the watch-house; he said,
"What has become of James;" I said
"He is safe enough;" he said,
"Now I shall be transported;" I said,
"I hope not" - that is all that passed.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not tell him it would be better for him to tell all about it? A. No.
SCRACE'S Defence. I did not sleep in the house that night, as my young master knows.


                  JOHN 
                  HEALEY
               



            . I slept in the house that night, but I do not know whether Scrace did - his usual place was with Turner; I know he went to sleep in the soldiers' room while Turner was cutting my father's corns - he could let himself into the house when he came to work in the morning; I stood by my father part of the time while he was having his corns cut, and then staid up till three o'clock. I gave orders to Turner to get some castor oil for the dog, and said I would get him a bottle out of the cellar in the morning, but he was not to get it. I fastened the cellar door, and hung the key in the bar, and then locked the bar, and put the key into my pocket.
Three witnesses gave Turner a good character.
TURNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
SCRACE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
