





Before Mr. Recorder.
186. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CLIFFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of August
, a tea-urn, value 50 l.; four cream ewers, value 9 l.; a tea-pot, value 9 l., and a tea-set, value 7 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Montague 
                     Levyson
                  




               
            .


                  MONTAGUE 
                  LEVYSON
               



            . I am a silversmith
, and live in Pall Mall. The prisoner was my out door workman
. The articles stated in the indictment were delivered him to polish - the tea-set was plated, and all the rest silver. The urn and silver tea-pot were delivered him on Monday, the 12th of August; he was to return them on Friday, the 15th. As he did not come I went after him, but did not see him till the 28th of November. I have not found the property. I searched his house; his tools and every thing portable was taken away.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. When he was apprehended how much money was found on him - A. Very little. I delivered him the goods myself; it was all my own except the plated tea service. I was brought up a Jew - my ideas now are solely a belief in a Supreme Being. There are parts in the Old and New Testaments which I do not believe. I entertain doubts of any Revelationbeing made by the Supreme Being to man. I believe we shall be punished for our deeds hereafter.
The witness being re-sworn upon the Pentateuch; declared his former evidence to be true.


                  ROBIN 
                  RYDER
               



            . I am errand boy to Mr. Levyson. I saw the milk-ewer delivered to the prisoner to polish - they were never brought back.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you before the Magistrate - A. No. I was told to come here about a week ago. I left my master's service soon after, and cannot say whether they were brought back afterwards. I do not recollect telling one Kay that I did not know a word about the matter.
Prisoner's Defence. I am given to understand that Levyson said the urn did not belong to him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
