






772. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HARRISON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BERRY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of February
, 1 lamp, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pittock
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  PITTOCK
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Pittock
               



            ; he keeps the White Swan public-house, in Little St. Andrew's-street, St. Giles'




: this lamp is ours, and hung in the club-room up stairs. On the 25th of February, I saw the two prisoners at our house, in company - they had something to eat and drink; I went into the room where they were, and saw them whispering together - Harrison then got up, and went out; he came back, and beckoned to Berry, who went out with him; I went out, and saw them going away from the house - Harrison had the lamp- my husband pursued, and took Berry; there was no other person there who could have gone into the clubroom - the lamp was brought back the same night by a little boy, who gave it to me, and went away directly.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PITTOCK
               



            . My wife called to me; I pursued, and took Berry - Harrison got away; a boy brought back the lamp the same evening - he left it in the bar, and ran away; I had seen it safe about an hour before; there were no other persons who could have taken it but the prisoners - Harrison was taken on the Saturday.


                  GEORGE 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I was standing at my door, and saw Harrison run by with a lamp under his arm - I did not see Berry.
Prisoner HARRISON. Q. You have known me for some time? A. I never knew any thing wrong of you; I believe you sell oysters from house to house.


                  GEORGE 
                  SKELTON
               



            . I apprehended Berry on the 25th, and Harrison on the 28th.
HARRISON's Defence. A person asked me to have a drop of beer; we went to the White Swan public-house; my friend went out and got something for dinner - we had some dinner there; he went out, and said he had a job; I went out to look for some work - when I came back again. Berry had been up stairs; he gave me the lamp to carry; he ran down the street, and I ran too- he was taken, and I escaped; but I sent the lamp back.
BERRY's Defence. I met with Harrison, who asked me to have part of a pot of beer; there was another young man there, who got up and said, "I shall see you at night," and in a few minutes I got up to go home; before I had got far, I was touched on the shoulder by the prosecutor, who asked me where Harrison was -I knew nothing about him.
HARRISON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BERRY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
