





566. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     VAUGHAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of January
, 150 lbs. of soap, value 2 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Young
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a carrier
. On the 21st of January, I received this soap from Mr. Clark, of Shoreditch, to take to Enfield, and in Kingsland-road


 I sent Cooper, my servant, to buy something. I was at the horses' head, the cart was very full, and the soap was on the tail-board. As he returned, he called out.
"Master, collar that man." I turned to the back of the cart, and saw the chest of soap on the ground. I ran round the off side of the cart, and saw the prisoner running away. I ran after him - he dodged me round the waggons - I overtook and brought him back to the chest. He said he saw it fall off the cart. My man said,
"I will swear you are the man who took it off;" he ran three hundred yards, but I never lost sight of him.


                  THOMAS 
                  COOPER
               



            . My master sent me to buy some bread, and as I came back, I saw the prisoner approach the cart - I saw him take the chest of soap off the cart, and attempt to put it on his shoulder - but it fell on the stones - I immediately got up; he put out his hand, and said
"Oh, mate, go and tell that man, he has dropped a box of soap; and I will pick it up for him." I said I said
"I will shew you the man;" he went on one side of the cart, and then to the other, pretending to look after master. I sang out,
"Master, collar him, he has taken the soap," and he immediately ran away, the tail ladder was on the slant to keep it in, it could not fall off.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw it fall off, and went to tell the man, but never touched it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
