





711. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  TONKS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of January
, 5 lbs, of sugar, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Letitia 
                  Johnson
               



            , spinster, and 
               
                  Bell 
                  Johnson
               



            , spinster

.
BELL JOHNSON. I am in partnership with my sister Letitia - we are grocers

, and live in Earl-street, Lissongrove


. On the 26th of January, about half-past one o'clock in the day, I was in the parlour behind the shop; the prisoner came in - I went in, and he asked if I sold glue - I said, No - he went out, and shut the door very quick - Mr. Bell came in, and asked if I had lost any thing - I looked on the desk, and missed the sugar - I am certain of his person - he was brought back.


                  CHARLES 
                  BELL
               



            . I was standing in front of my house, opposite this shop; a person said he thought that shop was robbed - I saw the prisoner and another person running down the mews - I crossed to Johnson, who missed the sugar; I pursued the prisoner down Devonshire-street, and stopped him in James-street - I asked if he had not been into that shop; he said, Yes; I said, "You have not paid for what you had - come back;" the other did not go back, but the prisoner did, after being abusive - Miss Johnson said he was the boy who was in the shop.
BELL JOHNSON. Nobody else could have come into the shop, or I must have seen them; I did not leave the shop after he went out - it was a loaf of sugar.


                  CHARLES 
                  RASSELL
               



            . I saw the prisoner go into this shop; another person stood outside - the prisoner came out, and handed something to that person, who put it under his coat, and they went away together very fast - I told Mr. Bell - I am sure the prisoner was the one who went in.


                  HENRY 
                  STOWELL
               



            . I am an officer, and received him in charge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
