





233. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     BAYLAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, 1 watch, value 30s.; 1 watch-key, value 5s.; 2 seals, value 15s.; 1 bag, value 1d.; 1 shilling, and 1 crown, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Holland
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN HOLLAND. On the 27th of November, I met with eight or ten friends - we dined together; I took rather too much wine; I had to go home, about a mile from town, and between ten and eleven o'clock, I was so unwell that I was glad to sit down, in Penton-street


, before Mr. Selcock's, where there are seats and a table before the door; the window and doors were open, and an oyster-man had got his oysters on the table; a woman approached me, and unhappily I went into the settle with her; I had not been there more than a minute and a half, before I lost my purse and watch; the purse contained four sovereigns, a Queen Elizabeth's shilling, of 1566, a crown-piece of Charles the Second, and some few shillings; there was a key and two seals to my watch; they were all taken from me, but I know no more about it than a child unborn; I did not discover the loss till I got to my own door, in White Conduit-fields- I have seen some of them since.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOWSTEAD
               



            . On the 27th of November, between eleven and half-past eleven o'clock, I apprehended the prisoner, in St. John's-street-road; she threw down this purse in the watch-house, and the watch-house-keeper took this watch from her bosom, in my presence; I heard a sovereign slip from her - and on the road to the watch-house a sovereign fell from her, which my fellow-watchman took up; a dirty white pocket-handkerchief was found on her, with a bad shilling in the corner of it.


                  JAMES 
                  CATWALL
               



            . I assisted in taking the prisoner; she pulled her hand from me several times; I then secured her as fast as I could; she tried several times to shake something from her - one sovereign fell from her, and I picked it up; she was about three hundred yards from Mr. Selcock's when she was taken, and appeared coming from there.


                  JOHN 
                  WIGGINS
               



            . I was constable of the night: the prisoner was brought in, and these articles were found - she threw down the purse or bag on one of the benches - I took it up; I found this watch on the right-side of her bosom -I then shook her gown, and a sovereign dropped from her person; I told her I supposed she had been robbing a gentleman - she said nothing.


                  JAMES 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . This is my watch, and this is my bag, and this shilling; I had them in my possession between ten and eleven o'clock; I was, comparatively speaking, insensible.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming along the City-road- I saw some paper, kicked it, and found it wet; I took it up - there was nothing but the watch and the shilling in it; I went on, met a young woman, and we went into the Clown public-house: I had been with my friend, who knew me when in service, and he gave me 2l.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
