







1290. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FOWLER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     WELLS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MORGAN
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of August
, one handkerchief, value 6 s., the goods of a certain 
                     man


                  , whose name is unknown, from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JUDD
               



            . I am a dismounted patrol. I was in Pall Mall


 on the 6th of August, at half-past one o'clock, and saw the three prisoners together - I passed them opposite Carlton-house. I saw them talking together. They passed me a second time. I saw Wells and Morgan feel several gentlemen's pockets. They at last made a stand behind a gentleman - Morgan and Wells were close to his pocket, and Fowler stood close behind them, and sprend his coat out to cover them. The gentleman had a little girl with him, and lifted her up to see His Majesty pass on his carriage, driving out. Wells then took hold of the skirt of the gentleman's coat, and held it while Morgan 
               drew
             the handkerchief out - Fowler was covering them all the time. Morgan put the handkerchief into his breast - I seized him, and took it from him. I attempted to take Wells, but he stooped down and slipped under me. I took Fowler, and held one in each hand. I tapped the gentleman on the shoulder, shewed him the handkerchief, and said I was going to take them to Queen-square; he turned round. I called on the people to take Wells; they refused. There were about fifteen regular pickpockets about. A man laid hold of Wells, and Ball came up and secured him. They were all secured without getting out of my sight. My hat was knocked off, and I was hustled. I never saw the gentleman again. W. Kerr, was marked on the handkerchief; but I do not know him, nor who he is.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALL
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was nearly opposite Carlton-house. I secured Wells. Judd had the other two. He was shoved about, and there was a cry of
"rescue." I do not know the gentleman. There were fifteen or twenty thieves about.
FOWLER'S Defence. No one was with me.
FOWLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
MORGAN - GUILTY. Aged 13.
WELLS - GUILTY. Aged 13.




               Recommended to Mercy
            . 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
