







618. 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  MORRIS
               




            , 
               
                  JAMES 
                  COOPER
               



            , and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HARDING
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of February
, 1 watch, value 1l.; 1 seal, value 5s.; 1 watchkey, value 3s., and 1 ring, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Michael 
                        Dibley
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MICHAEL DIBLEY. I went to the Three Crowns public-house, East-road, City-road


, on the 10th of February, about eight o'clock at night - I went into the bar to have half a pint of ale - I found it cold, and went into the taproom; there were seven or eight people there; in a few minutes, Morris came in; she complained of being very cold, and asked if any one would treat her - as no one else offered, I offered her a drop of gin, or any thing else; she preferred a drop of brandy - it came in, and she drank it; she then came and sat on my right-hand side, and, in about twenty minutes, a friend came in, and we had a pot of ale; Morris was sitting on myright-hand; she took part of the ale - my friend was cold, and we had a quartern of rum, and then another pot of ale - when that was nearly gone, my friend went away; the prisoner had some of that, and when it was out, she enquired for more; I said I would not have more as it got late, and I pulled out my watch; she asked to look at it, and said it was a pretty watch; she took it from my hand, and I saw no more of it - in about five minutes I enquired for it; but nobody seemed to know anything about it; the prisoner then said she had given it me back again; I sat still some time, and then, as I could not get it, I went to the bar to send for an officer, but I heard the watchman, and I went to call him; the prisoner Cooper came out, and said something to me, which I can not recollect; but I said to him in return, "I suppose you are one of her bullies," and he gave me a blow on the nose - Morris then came to the door, I took hold of her, and we both fell - I gave charge of her and Cooper; I asked Morris for the watch - she denied it strongly - I saw my watch at the office, the next day.
Prisoner COOPER. Q. Did you see me in company with Morris? A. Not to my recollection.


                  GEORGE 
                  SHEEN
               



            . I am a watchman. At half-past ten o'clock I was going by and saw the prosecutor at the bar, talking to Mrs. Hewitt - her husband was out of town: he was saying "I want an officer" - I walked on a few yards and called my brother watchman; the prosecutor then came running out and calling Watch! Morris came out; the prosecutor fell upon her, and two or three more upon them. I went up and saw Cooper strike the prosecutor; he struck him again slightly - I rushed in between them and took Cooper, and my brother watchman took Mooris - they were taken to the watch-house, but nothing was found on them.
Q. Was the prosecutor sober? A. He was a little fresh; but he was so much agitated he did not know what he did.


                  FRIEND 
                  ALEXANDER
               



            . I am a watchman. I assisted in taking the prisoners to the watch-house; when I came up the prosecutor and Morris were scuffling together; the prosecutor said he had been robbed of his watch and this person had robbed him - Cooper stood by, and told him not to hurt the girl; the prosecutor said he did not want to speak to him, he supposed him to be one of the bullies.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAM BENNETT
               



            . On the morning of Monday, the 11th of February, I was in the back parlour of that public-house, and saw Cooper and Morris there in custody; Harding was there, but not in custody - I heard two females come and ask Stocks, the officer, if the watch was restored, whether they would stop the prosecution; he sent them to the prosecutor - I did not hear the answer, but, shortly after, I saw the two females come to the house again - Harding went out to them; Stocks then came to me, and said the watch was brought back. I went into the passage, and there I saw the three prisoners in custody, and heard Harding say he would a bl - y sight sooner be lagged than he would split, meaning he would be transported rather than tell of the transaction.


                  THOMAS 
                  STOCKS
               



            . I am an officer. I was in the parlour with the prisoners the next morning, when the two females came, and spoke to me as this witness has stated.


                  SUSAN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I was in the public-house on the Monday morning, and saw the three prisoners there; I saw something pass under the table from Harding to Cooper; I could not see what it was, but it was like a watch.


                  JOHN 
                  KETT
               



            . I am a soldier. I was in the Three Crowns, on the 10th of February; I saw Dibley and Morris sitting on the right side of him; I saw the prosecutor produce the watch and she asked to look at it; she had the watch, and he had the seals for some time; she then took it in her hand, and they sat about half an hour - I then saw her pass it to a young man, who is not here, and he passed it to Harding, who shoved it into his bosom, and went out of doors; the prosecutor then went to the bar for an officer; I went to go out, and saw they were kicking up a row - I would not interfere with it. I went back and sat down again - I wanted to tell the officer of it, but could not get at him.
HARDING'S Defence. I was not in the tap-room at the time the robbery was done.
MORRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
HARDING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Confined Six Months
            .
COOPER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
