






455. 
               
                  AMEY 
                  HAYWOOD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, one shirt, value 1 s.; one table-cloth, value 5 s.; five napkins, value 10 s.; one candlestick, value 1 s.; one gown, value 1 s,; one pillow-case, value 1 s.; two shifts, value 1 s.; one pillow, value 2 s., and one shawl, value 2 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Aaron 
                           Israel
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  AARON 
                  ISRAEL
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live Chapman's-court, Goodman's-yard, Minories


. On the 23d of March the prisoner came to the house to nurse
 my wife - she reremained till the 17th of April, and then absconded before my wife got up. We missed all these thing, and on Monday her brother brought me the duplicate of the shawl. On Tuesday I went to her brother's lodgings, in Taunton-court, Lambeth-walk, waited there till she came, and then gave her in charge.


                  JOHN 
                  LAPPAGE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Harris, who is a pawnbroker. The prisoner pledged a pillow-case with me on the 13th of April, for 6 d., a shirt on the 14th for 1 s. 9 d., and a bedgown for 1 s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHN BIRD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Blackfriars-road. The prisoner pledged a shawl with me for 10 s. It is not worth 20 s.


                  ROBERT 
                  HALL
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Matthews, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in the Minories. On the 12th of April the prisoner pledged two candlesticks with me for 2 s.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  GOFF
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner, and she gave me the duplicates of the property produced.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
