






519. 
               
                  ELLEN 
                  MADDEN
               




             and 
               
                  ANN 
                  COLLINS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of January
, 7 half-crowns
            , the monies of 
               
                  John 
                  Conolly
               




            .
JOHN CONOLLY. I am a Chelsea pensioner
. On the 9th of January I lodged in Merlin's-rents, Shoe-lane


, on the second floor. I had received my pension, on Monday, the 7th of January, which was four sovereigns and 6s. 6 1/2d. On Wednesday, the 9th of January, I was in my room - my wife was laying on the bed - I was sitting on the bed-side; the prisoner came into the room at eleven o'clock that morning - I had frequently seen them before; one lived next door, the other was frequently with her; my wife asked what business they had there; one of them said she lived next door; my wife told them to go to their own apartments; I saw a drop of liquor on the table, and to get them out of the place, I gave each of them a drop; one of them told my wife she would go when she thought proper; I then turned them out of the room, and saw them going down stairs; my money was in my pocket. I saw them again between five and six o'clock that evening; they brought a man in with them, and forced the door - thefellow whom they brought in with them, sat down on the bed-side, where I was sitting, and put his hand round my waist - one woman stood by the fire-place; I found the man's hand coming from my jacket-pocket, and finding something was going on wrong, I got up, and insisted on their leaving the place, and then the candle was put out, by Madden; I was immediately struck, and knocked down on my back, by the man; my pocket had seven half-crowns in it, and when I got up the half-crowns were gone, and some small silver beside; I said to my wife, that they were murderers - she called out, Robbery and Murder! one of the girls ran away, with the man who knocked me down; I secured the other, which was Madden, and kept her till the street-keeper came, and I gave her to him - she is the woman who put the candle out; she was taken to the watch-house; I staid there till a street-keeper brought Collins in, which was in less than half an hour; I described her person to him - I knew her well before; I have not seen the man since; I should know him if I saw him; I never got my money back.


                  SARAH 
                  CONOLLY
               



            . I am the wife of John Conolly. I had seen Collins before - she lived next door; I did not know Madden before. On the day of the robbery, between half-past ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoners walked into my room - I asked what business they had there - they said they lived next door; I told them to go out - I was ill, having a bad cold; my husband turned them out, and between six and seven o'clock in the evening they came again, with a man; they burst the door right open; they blew the candle out, and knocked my husband down - he has never been well since; the man turned my husband's pocket out, and took every farthing he had got; my husband laid hold of Madden, who blew out the candle, and the other two got away - I am certain Collins was with her.


                  MARY 
                  ANN ELLIS
               



            . I live next door to Conolly. I know Collins; she lived next door, on the other side; I came down stairs at the time, there was a bustle inside the door; I saw Collins come out of Conolly's room, and a man with her; they burst the door open - Collins came out first, and the man followed her; I kept them in sight while I sent for a street-keeper; I brought Madden out of the room, and gave her to an officer - I gave the officer information, and Collins was taken in half an hour.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HEINSON
               



            . I am the street-keeper. I received information against Madden - Collins was brought to the watch-house about ten minutes after I got there; Conolly spoke to them both; I have been looking for the man ever since - I found no money on them, except a few halfpence.
Collins put in a written defence, declaring she had never been in the house, and knew nothing whatever of the charge.
JURY to JOHN CONOLLY. Q. At the time of the robbery were you in liquor? A. No; I was quite sensible - I might have drank a little, but had my sense perfectly.
SARAH CONOLLY. I was perfectly sober - I might have had a little beer - I was very poorly.
MADDEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
COLLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Life
            .
