






1619. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CRAWLEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CALLAGHAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, 24 gilt pins, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Tom 
                     Dodson
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Dodson
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  DODSON
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  Tom 
                  Dodson
               



            ; we keep a jeweller's shop

 in St. Paul's-church-yard


. On the 27th of July the prisoners came into the shop, and Crawley asked for a sixpenny pen-knife; and before I could answer them, they were stopped in the shop, in consequence of what was said; and I saw this paper of pins taken from Callaghan's pocket.


                  JARED 
                  DISS
               



            . I am a shoemaker. I was standing outside this shop, waiting for a friend, and saw the prisoners in the shop. I saw Callaghan attempt to take something which laid on the case, but he could not - Mr. Dodson was clearing the shop, and left nothing on the case but this paper of pins; I saw him take and put them into his pocket. Crawley was close to him, and stood at his elbow, while he was trying to take something - he must have seen him take them; they stood close together, leaning over the rail. I went in, and asked what he had got; he said nothing, but I took them out of his pocket.(Property produced and sworn to.)
CRAWLEY'S Defence. I had been at my master's, and he gave me 6d. I went into this shop for a knife.
CALLAGHAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CRAWLEY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
