





604. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SAUNDERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d February
, one table, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis 
                     Marks
                  




               
            .


                  MARIA 
                  MARKS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Marks
               



            . I live in Long-alley


, and keep a chandler's shop
. On the 3d of February, a man named Jones, (who was convicted last Session) came and asked the price of a table; in about half an hour he came along Long-alley, with the prisoner, who came and asked for a halfpenny worth of bread - they were both together then, and while I was serving the prisoner with the bread, Jones took the table and put it on his head, it was fastened inside with a cord, I ran after him and the prisoner ran after me, and said
"Drop it Jones, drop it Jones;" he dropped it directly and was taken, the prisoner escaped, but came again afterwards. I was afraid to touch him, because he caught hold of my shoulders and pinched me, to prevent my running after Jones - he told me to take him if he was guilty, the officer was out and I could not take him. When he heard I had a warrant out against him, he came by about a month after, and said,
"What you have transported one, and when you catch me you may transport me; and if I see you out of doors, I will see you do not go home alive again." His sister lived servant with me once, but I did not know where he lived, and I did not then know he was her brother. I had seen him in the shop many times, but did not know who he was.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WALTON
               



            . I am an officer. I took Jones, and on the Monday following I went after the prisoner. I had seen him that night, but did not know he was concerned, he was in the alley standing by, I only came up after Jones was taken by the watchman. I took him on the 27th of March. I had been looking for him several times, and once saw him, but he jumped out of the window in his shirt at one o'clock in the morning and escaped.
Prisoner's Defence. As I went out of her shop she flew by me and said I have lost a table, she collared me, and said you are one of them; I said if so, give charge, the watchman came up and said, I know him well, let him go.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
