






1418. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     PEACOCK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of September
, a live tame goose, price 6 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Rough
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  ROUGH
               



            . I am water-bailiff
 to the City, and live at Fulham


, and keep geese on the Green. On the 22d of September, about nine o'clock in the morning, I turned out three geese, and about twelve one was brought to me in a bag, alive - I knew it to be mine.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BALL
               



            . I am a gardener, and live at Fulham. I saw a person, who is not here, throw something at the goose, and knock it down - the prisoner Collins held a bag open, while the person who knocked it down put it into the bag. Peacock was in their company all the time. I ran out, and gave information, and he ran off with them. I found them in custody, in about ten minutes, and am certain of them.


                  JAMES 
                  FLOYD
               



            . I am gardener to Mr. Rough. I turned three geese out, and about twelve o'clock, saw Collins with this one under his arm - its feet and tail were out of the bag - all three were in a gang; they came by my master's. I heard a cry of Stop thief! the prisoners were stopped. Peacock ran a quarter of a mile, but was brought back.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITHERS
               



            . I am a patrol. I have the goose.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROUGH
               



            . It is mine.
COLLENS'S Defence. I saw it lying on the Green in a bag, and took it up - a man said,
"Put it down," and I did so.
PEACOCK's Defence. This man overtook me, and asked what it was o'clock; a man came by in a cart, took him, and then me.
COLLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
PEACOCK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
