






THIRD DAY, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 26.
1307. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     KING
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     JEFFRIES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of September
, ten yards of lace, value 13 s., and one hundred yards of ribbon, value 23 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Hopkins
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Hopkins, a linen-draper
, who lives in Great Chapel-street, Westminster


. On the 26th of September the prisoners came into the shop together, and asked to see some ribbons, I shewed themfour drawers, they bought several small quantities - I then shewed them lace, they both stood together, and bought a quarter of a yard, which came to 4 d., I then shewed them another drawer of ribbons, and I saw King put her hand into the drawer, take out a roll of ribbon, and put it under her shawl, and Jeffries put her hand under her shawl, and received it from her - I heard King whisper to her, "Have you got it?" she said, "Yes;" they paid for what they had, and were going out together, I ran and took hold of Jeffries, and asked what she had under her arm, she said nothing; I lifted up her arm, and took this piece of ribbon, which was concealed under her arm and under her shawl - King went out of the shop as fast as she could. I left Jeffries in the shop, and fetched King back. Mr. Hopkins came down. A basket was found close to where they stood, containing lace and other things, which I had shewn them.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Other women were in the shop - A. There were several customers by. If she had meant to buy it she would not have put it under her shawl; another shopman was there, he did not serve them, nor was he serving lace.


                  JAMES 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I was called down between four and five o'clock, and found the two prisoners in the shop, Smith charged them with stealing ribbons; he produced a piece which he said he found under Jeffries's arm. I asked her what induced her to take it - they made no answer. I then asked if they had any more - they said No. I saw a basket laying at their feet, and asked who it belonged to - King said she knew nothing of it. I sent for a constable. I found three pieces of ribbon and a piece of lace in it, which are mine.
Cross-examined. Q. You do not know it was their basket - A. It stood close at their feet.
KING'S Defence. My sister said the ribbon rolled off the counter, and she picked it up. As to the basket, there was another woman close to us.
JEFFRIES'S Defence. I picked it up, and put it under my arm. My sister knew nothing of it.
KING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JEFFRIES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Fined One Shilling, and Discharged
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
