








835. 
               

                        JOHN 
                        WILLIAMSON
                     




                  , HARRIET, HIS WIFE





            , and 
               
                  JONES 
                  LLEWELLYN
               



            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st March
, 1 reticule, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d., and 3 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Wall
                     



                  , from the person of Eliza, his wife

.
2d COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Grant
               



            , and to be stolen from her person.


                  ELIZA 
                  WALL
               



            . I have been married to James Wall - my maiden name was Grant. On the 1st of March, between twelve and one o'clock in the day, I was in Oxford-street


, coming out of Regent-street, with my reticule hanging on my arm, it contained three sovereigns, half-a-crown, a letter, with the halves of two ten pound notes, and a coloured pocket handkerchief. A horse had fallen down in a break, and this had drawn a crowd - I went into a shop, and staid there five minutes, to avoid the crowd, and while there I saw the three prisoners looking very hard at me - I am certain of all three. I left the shop with my reticule on my arm, and had not got more than three shops further, when I came to a mews, which the break had gone down; the female prisoner then said, "Here comes the horse again!" I looked down the mews, but could see no horse; I went on about two yards, and then perceived that my reticule had been cut from my arm - nobody but the three prisoners were near enough to have done it. I immediately turned round, and seeing them, the strong impression on my mind was that they must have done it - several persons were behind me, looking very hard at me- I turned round, intending to speak to the female prisoner, but she was gone. I immediately said, "The woman in the red shawl and black velvet bonnet, and the two men, had robbed me;" nobody but them was near enough to have done it - other persons had come near me as the crowd was dispersing. I went to Marlborough-street, and in about an hour and a half, the three prisoners were brought there - the pocket handkerchief, which had been in my reticule, was found.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. The prisoners have been indicted for robbing Eliza Grant, and acquitted? A. Yes, it arose from a mistake of the clerks' at Marlborough-street, and I was directed to file another hill. I suppose my name is Wall, till it is proved to the countrary; I live with my friends in George-street, Portman-square - I live there by the name of Grant, as Mr. Wall has been married before. I have left him two years - it was an open shop that I went into to avoid the crowd; another young female also came in, and she was talking to me - my reticule was safe after I left the shop - I did not stand in the gateway; I merely stopped and looked down - seeing no horse I walked on - I looked, and then missed my bag; I then stopped, and looked back - there were only two or three persons about when I left the shop - my handkerchief was found on the female prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutrix came to Marlborough-street, and stated this case - she produced the strings of her reticule; I and Ballard took her into the clerks' office - then she described the persons she suspected. I and Allensby went out into Oxford-street, and in Regent-street we saw the three prisoners in company, and in conversation together, looking into a shop; we went over - took them into custody, and took them to the office. This lady was sent for, and instantly spoke to their being the three persons; they were all sitting on a bench; I desired the female prisoner to stand up - I had observed her moving something under her cloak, and when she stood up I went and looked under her, and picked up this handkerchief; the prosecutrix said, "That is my handkerchief, it was in my reticule;" it must have been dropped by one of the prisoners; nobody else was near - it was immediately under where the female prisoner sat. I have not the least doubt of it having come from her - I found a pen-knife in her pocket, with four sharp blades - she wanted it returned to her.
Cross-examined. Q. Mrs. Wall was in the room before the prisoners? A. We sent for her - she was behind me, and the female prisoner before me - nobody but the clerks and officers were in the room - the prisoner was moving something under her cloak, which excited my suspicion, and when she stood up I saw the handkerchief. Mrs. Wall said the corner of it was torn by a little dog - that it was not hemmed, and she had another like it at home.
COURT. Q. Could that handkerchief have come from Mrs. Wall? A. It was impossible - she had not been near the spot.
MRS. WALL. This is my handkerchief, and was in my reticule - here is a red mark of tooth-powder on it, and a little tear in the corner - I have two others like it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I went with the other officers, and saw the prisoners in Regent-street, about twelve yards from Oxford-street - they were in company; we crossed the road, and each secured one; we took them to the office, and sent for Mrs. Wall. They sat on a bench in the clerks' office - Clements remained by them; Mrs. Wall came in in about an hour, and identified all the prisoners as being close to her in Oxford-street. I saw Clements stoop and pick up the handkerchief, which Mrs. Wall claimed - she was not near it. Llewellyn gave his name as Jones; Williamson also gave his name as Jones, and afterwards as Davis - each declined saying where they lived, except mentioning the Commercial-road and City-road - they said they were in Oxford-street.
Cross-examined. Q. They never denied being present, and seeing the prosecutrix run into the shop? A. No; I believe the female was searched twice; but the handkerchief was dropped the first time - one of them must have dropped it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLENSBY
               



            . I am an officer. I went with the others, and took the prisoners - they sat on a bench in the clerks' office; Mrs. Wall came in; the handkerchief could not have fallen from her - it must have fallen from the female prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. Was she searched twice? A. Yes; first in my presence, and afterwards by a female. Mrs. Wall mentioned several things being in her reticule, but I did not hear her mention the handkerchief.
WILLIAMSON's Defence. When I first went into the office, the lady said it happened about twelve o'clock; we had not gone through the mob, for the pressure was too great - we were pressed back by the horse plunging on the pavement. We walked down Regent-street - there was nobody with me but my wife; as we returned up the street, two men laid hold of us - the other prisoner was taken full twenty yards from us - it is false that we were speaking together. When we got to the office the otherprisoner was sitting at the end of the bench - my wife placed herself within a yard of him, and I on the other side- there was nothing found on us; before Clements searched my wife he pushed her right up in the corner, and in three or four minutes he went and picked up this handkerchief. The prosecutrix snatched it out of his hand, and said it was hers - she put it into her pocket; she wanted to swear to the ring on my wife's finger, and to a lot of duplicates.
H. WILLIAMSON's Defence. I was stripped, but nothing found on me; the prosecutrix said, "What is that ring on your finger?" I said, "It is my mother's;" she said, "Oh, I did not know but what I might have lost one;" I had a long cloak on, it is true, but it was my snuff-box that I had in my hand.
LLEWELLYN's Defence. My brother wished me to call on Lieut. Gee. in Cavendish-street, and I was to meet my brother at half-past one, in Regent-street. I stopped to look at this restive horse - several people came and asked what was the matter, but I do not recollect seeing either of the prisoners. I was waiting for my brother when Ballard took me.


                  EDWARD 
                  LLEWELLYN
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother. I sent him to New Cavendish-street, to Lient. G - , who is indebted to me - I was to meet him at half-past one, in Regent-street, but I found him at the office.
MRS. WALL re-examined. The female prisoner had three wedding-rings on her finger; the woman who searched her made an observation about it, but I said nothing - there were some duplicates in my bag, but I never said so, and as such, she must have seen it.
J. WILLIAMSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 61.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
H. WILLIAMSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
LLEWELLYN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
