





NEW COURT. (6th DAY.)
Middlesex Cases, Fourth Jury, Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
845. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  FROST
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of February
, two bolts, value 4 d,; a work bench, value 4 s. 6 d.; a mahogany sign board, value 5 s.; the top of a mahogany table, value 3 s.; six window beads, value 3 d.; a basket, value 6 d.; a pair of iron plates, value 2 s.; a piece of leaden pipe, value 2 s.; thirty pieces of deal, value 10 s.; thirty pieces of plank, value 10 s.; thirty pieces of wood, value 10 s.; twelve pieces of wainscoat, value 2 s., and four pieces of mahogany, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Beane
                     




                  , his master
            .
MR. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.
RORERT BEANE. I keep the White Hart public-house, Clement's-lane




; Mr. James Hendry was doing some repairs for me; the prisoner was foreman
 of the work, in his service. I missed a mahogany sign board, two screw bolts, the top of a mahogany table, and the other things mentioned, at different times; I mentioned it to several persons, and amongst other to the prisoner; I mentioned the pipe in particular, and said I wondered how the things went - he said there must be some very great thieves about the place; I do not know that I mentioned the sign board to him. I went afterwards with two officers to his house, in Cornwall-road, Surry - I saw a female lodger there; we searched the house, and found on a landing-place over a back kitchen, a window shutter, which I knew to be mine. On the roof of another house we found two or three more shutters; they were all mine, I am quite sure - they were laying on the roof of the house, and some wood covered over them. We found the leaden pipe in the cellar, which was first covered over with some stones, then a flap, and under the flap some ashes; it appeared to me to have been done to conceal the property; there were some lead weights and other things there, which were not mine. The sign board was found in an empty house in Waterloo-road, which I was given to understand belonged to Frost; the officer got the key from Mrs. Frost. The whole of the property was worth about 3 l.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know whether the other things might not belong to Frost? A. No, I do not. I believe he has several houses.


                  RICHARD 
                  GARDINER
               



            . I am an officer. I went with Beane to Cornwall-road, on Friday, the 25th of February - he has described correctly what was found, and the manner in which it was found; the flap of the cellar was covered with flag stones, and when the flap was lifted up, there was a quantity of cinder ashes. I got the key of the house, No. 9, Waterloo-road, from Mrs. Frost, and he laid it on the table, and said that was the key. When we got to the house the prisoner was not at home, but I apprehended him next day; I told him of the search we had made: he said he had heard some fellows had been searching his house, and I had taken away a great deal of his property, which he should make me remember. When we got to the empty house we found in the front kitchen the mahogany sign board, a quantity of wood, and some other things.


                  GEORGE 
                  FIGG
               



            . I lodge with the prisoner - I occupy the shop, parlour, one cellar, and a room up stairs; I was not present when the search was made; I know the cellar that was covered with the stones; that was not mine: there is another lodger in the house, Elizabeth Heriot.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIS
               



            . I was a workman at Mr. Beane's. I saw the sign board outside, to keep people from rubbing off the paint - I told the prisoner it was gone; he said," So it is, and a small shutter - there must be great thieves about this place."


                  JOHN 
                  CAFFIN
               



            . I know the empty house, No. 9, Waterloo-road - it belongs to the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLMAN
               



            . I am an officer. I went with the prosecutor, and found the things which they have stated, and some paper bordering.
Four witnesses deposed to the prisoner's good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
