





1163. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  RIX
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of May
, 1 watch, value 3l.
             the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Wyer
               




            , spinster
.


                  ANN 
                  PRESTON
               



            . I live in Charles-street


; my husband is a servant. I received a watch from Elizabeth Wyer (who is a servant
) to get cleaned for her; it is a fortnight ago last Tuesday, but I do not know the day of the month; I sent it by my husband to a watch-maker in Shepherd's-market - the same watch was returned to me last Tuesday week; my husband put it on the table: I took it and put it into a drawer: the prisoner had been with me for three weeks as a servant out of place
 - she had half a bed there; I looked at the watch to see the time at two o'clock, and missed it about seven.


                  JAMES 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I bought this watch of Mrs. Goodwin; she came to ask me the value of it; I said it was worth three guineas to any one to wear; but it would not suit me to give more than two guineas for it; she took it away, but brought it back again and took the two guineas.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  GOODWIN
               



            . I am a widow. The prisoner came to my house at No. 10, George-street, last Tuesdayweek, and wanted half a bed; I thought her a decent woman and took her in; she gave me this watch to dispose of for her, and said it was given to her by her sweetheart, and cost five guineas; I took it to the pawnbroker's, as I thought they were fair dealing people, and then I sold it.
ELIZABETH WYER. I am single; I left this watch with Preston to get cleaned.


                  LEWIS 
                  JULIAN
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner on Friday last; she said she had taken the watch and sold it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
