






351. 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  MENEY
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CONNOR
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of January
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Armstrong
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ROBERT ARMSTRONG. I am a sailor
, and belong to a Shields vessel. On the 1st of January, I had been at a public-house - I then went into a cook-shop - I came out, and stood at the door - Meney came and shoved against me - I did not see Connor at that moment - I knew neither of them - I was told my handkerchief was gone, and missed it directly after - I have not got it again. I am sure I had it at the cook-shop.


                  THOMAS 
                  FORD
               



            . I am a shipwright, and live in Lukeshaw-alley. I was at the cook shop, and saw the prosecutor there; the prisoners came in for some pudding; there was none for them - I knew them before by sight - I saw Meney take the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket, and give it to Connor; they went away together. I immediately told the prosecutor.
Prisoner MENEY. Q. Were was I? A. You had been sitting in the house, till you got up and went to the door - I was attending at the eating-house that evening; there was a third person with you - I could not take you at the moment; the prosecutor ran after you.


                  GEORGE 
                  TURNBUL
               



            . I was coming down Ratcliff-highway, at twelve o'clock at night, on the 1st of January. Meney asked if I was going on board a ship; he stood some time with me, and then ran away - I missed 5s. directly, and ran and took him.


                  THOMAS 
                  BIRD
               



            . I took Connor in charge. He begged me not to take him, and said he had done nothing, and would give me any thing to let him go.
MENEY's Defence. I had been at work. I went into the cook-shop, when I came out of the play; they had nothing for me, and as I came out, this sailor thought I knew him - I was going on, and a sailor came up, and knocked me down. I was taken to the watch-house, and my money taken from me.
CONNOR's Defence. I was going home, and was taken.
MENEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
CONNOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against Meney.
