





EIGHTH DAY, THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 1.
1394. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of October
, one handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Cordley
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am a constable of St. Pancras. On the 19th of October, about half-past eight o'clock at night, I was in St. Martin's-court, and saw the prisoner and another, I turned back and watched them into Coventry-street


 - I saw Mr. Cordley walking, in company with three others. He attended at the watch-house, and at Bow-street, he gave his name Edward Cordley, and he answered to that name. I saw Smith take the handkerchief out of Mr. Cordley's pocket, and throw it to the other man - I had seen the corner of the handkerchief hanging out of his pocket before. I took hold of Smith, and put him into a ham shop - the other ran away with the handkerchief, and in the ham shop, Smith rushed at me with his fist, and knocked me out of the shop - he run down Oxendon-street, the watchman secured him in a dust-hole, in a court, which had no thoroughfare. He had knocked me down on the pavement, and nearly broken my ribs. I knew him before.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITHERS
               



            . I am a watchman. I was on duty, and heard the alarm, I saw the prisoner running, and Chapman following him - I pursued, and took him in a dust-hole, in a court, in Oxendon-street. Mr. Cordley attended at the watch-house, and before the Magistrate.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house all over dust - Mr. Cordley charged him with stealing his handkerchief; he called himself 
               
                  Edward 
                  Cordley
               



            , and answered to that name.
Prisoner's Defence. I had my own handkerchief in my hand, and never saw Mr. Cordley's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
