






1192. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  RIVERS
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  PAYNE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of April
, 1 axletree, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Brasier
               




            .
JAMES BRASIER. I live at Battle-bridge. I have some premises in Bagnigge-wells-road


; I lost an axletree from there on the 21st of April. A boy came and told me it was gone: I went and missed it - I had seen it the night before; I met Rivers with it on his shoulder about twenty minutes after - I watched him down Turnmill-street with it, and at the corner of Greenhill's-rents he met a man with a cart - he put it into the cart, and they went on with it; I got a constable, and gave them into custody. Payne was by the side of Rivers - I do not think I said anything to them; Rivers had been in my employ two years, and had a good character.


                  THOMAS 
                  ASHLEY
               



            . I had been carrying some sheep that morning, and was going for some more; the two prisoners came up to me at the corner of Greenhill's-rents between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, and asked if I knew of an iron shop - I said, "I knew there were some shops of that description, but I was not going that way;" the prosecutor came up and took them.


                  THOMAS 
                  HANDLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoners, and found this axletree in Ashley's cart - they did not say anything, and had not a farthing about them.(Property produced and sworn to.)
RIVERS' Defence. I met Payne with the axletree; he asked me to carry it for him, which I did.
PAYNES' Defence. I saw the axletree in the road; I took it up, and met Rivers; I asked him to carry it for me, and I would give him sixpence - I was in distress.
RIVERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Confined Six Months
            .
PAYNE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
