





1792. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of September
, 6 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Andrew 
                           Oliver
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ANDREW 
                  OLIVER
               



            . I am a seaman of a merchantman
. On the 10th of September, at half-past ten o'clock at night, I met the prisoner at No. 1, Dock-street


 - I went home and agreed to stay all night with her; I was sober - I had eleven sovereigns and 24s. 1d. in my trousers pocket; she put away my trousers at the head of the bed- I am sure the money was in them; in the morning she said she was very bad, and wanted to go down stairs - I told her not to stop long; I then looked into my pocket, and six sovereigns were gone; I do not think the door was locked when we went to bed - I have not seen my sovereigns since; I am sure the prisoner is the woman - she did not return.
Prisoner. He dropped 12s. 6d. on the bed - I took it up, and put it into his hand; that was all the money he had. Witness. There were 14s. dropped out of my jacket-pocket, but the gold was in my fob.


                  MARY 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I live in this house with the prisoner, in Dock-street. On the 10th of September she brought the prosecutor home - he appeared sober; at half-past three o'clock the next day the prisoner told me she had been shopping, and had bought a pair of shoes for 5s., a pair of shoes for a child, and a black bonnet - she then said she meant to go down to her grandmother, and leave her her money to take care of till Saturday, when she meant to go to Chatham; I did not see what money she had; but she said the shoes cost 5s., and the child's boots 5s. - I do not know what the bonnet cost; the prosecutor afterwards came into my room, and the prisoner turned her back to him; he then went away, and she said, "He don't know me again," and burst out laughing - I said, "I don't suppose he does know you?" we were having tea together at the time - as soon as he was gone, the prisoner and another girl got up and ran away; they sent me word in an hour that they were going to a raffle, and could not come back to tea.


                  ADAM 
                  HIGH
               



            . I am a Thames Police-constable. I went with the prosecutor to Dock-street - he pointed out the prisoner, who was standing in the street; I took her, and said she was charged with robbing a man of six sovereigns; she said, "You are mistaken, I don't lodge in this street," and affected not to know the prosecutor - I took her into the house - she said she did not live there; I found a new bonnet on the bed, and she had a new pair of shoes on her feet - I asked whose bonnet it was; she denied all knowledge of it, but the next morning she said it was not a new bonnet, she had fetched it from the scourers, or something.
Prisoner. I did not tell you I did not know the man; I said I got the bonnet from Queen-street, but I did not know the woman's name - I never told Williams I had any money; I bought these things, but I pawned a handkerchief and a gown to do it.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that the prosecutor had counted all his money, and seen it safe before she left him. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
