






231. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  DIMSDALE
               




             were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of December
, 3 live pigs, price 8l., and 1 saddle, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Jeremiah 
                  Compton
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  TWEEDY
               



            . On the 21st of December Mr. Compton called upon me - I went with him to No. 3, Edmond's-place; we found the prisoners up stairs: I found a dead pig in a tub of water, being scalded; I found two more laying in the corner - one alive, and the other dead. The prisoners both said they did not know how they came there; I said it was very strange pigs should come there and they not know how - they then said a man had driven them in, and was to call for them at twelve o'clock. On handcuffing them I found their hands were quite damp - there was a pot of water by them, with blood and water in it, as if they had been washing their hands in it - we found a picklock-key and a hammer, which the pigs had been knocked at the head with - the hammer matched the bruises, and was all over blood, and so was a case-knife; the pigs appeared to have been first stunned, and then had their throats cut.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What sort of a house is this? A. It has only two rooms. Two girls lived there besides the prisoners. I found the pigs in the lower room; the tub of water was up stairs. I saw nobody escape out of the roof.


                  JOHN 
                  PATTEN
               



            . I went with Tweedy - his account is correct. I found a picklock and a door key concealed under the floor - one of them opens the shed door where the pigs were stolen from, better than Mr. Compton's own. I found another picklock-key laying by the pig's nose. The hammer and knife were bloody.


                  ELIZA 
                  SLATER
               



            . I live in Turk's Head-court. On the 21st of November, about a quarter to seven o'clock in the morning, I was at the window, and saw Smith in the court, driving three pigs - I am certain of him.
Cross-examined. Q. How far do you live from where the pigs were found? A. About two minutes walk.


                  MARGARET 
                  CONNER
               



            . I live at No. 10, Edmond's-place. On the 21st of December, about five minutes to seven o'clock in the morning, I was in my room, and heard a person going up the court - I opened the window, looked out, and saw that person return down the court, and stand by the side of his own door - it was Dimsdale. I saw Smith drive three pigs into the house, where they both live. I went into the house afterwards, and found a saddle, which I gave to Moore.
Cross-examined. Q. He was going from his own place then returned, and a man drove the pigs in? A. Yes - he had been up the court to shut the gate at the end.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MOORE
               



            . I produce the saddle.
Cross-examined. Q. How far is Mr. Compton's house from where the pigs were found? A. About half a mile. Slater lives about two minutes walk from Mr. Compton's.
JEREMIAH COMPTON. I went with Tweedy to the house. The saddle and pigs were mine.


                  EDWARD 
                  SKATE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Compton. I saw the pigs and saddle safe at eleven o'clock at night on the 20th of December, and double locked the door.
SMITH'S Defence. The people who live down stairs asked me to help them to get the pigs in.
DIMSDALE'S Defence. That young girl's brother was taken, and she said she would swear any thing to get him off.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
DIMSDALE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
