






2079. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COURTNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 20th of October
, 50lbs. weight of lead, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        George William 
                        Meriton
                     




                  , and fixed to a building of his, feloniously did rip, cut, and break, with intent to steal the same; against the Statute
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  COCK
               



            . I am an exciseman. The house in question is in Ann-street, Bethnal-green


, and belongs to 
               
                  George 
                  William Meriton
               



            ; I collect the rent for him - he lives in the country; I saw the house unroofed last Saturday, but I did not go on the roof - I had seen it safe about a fortnight before.
JOSEPH CASSELL. I am a headborough of Bethnal-green. One Wednesday night I met the watchman, and went with him and the inspector to Ann-street - the door of this house was fastened; it is not inhabited - we got through another house and into that; we looked into a cupboard in a corner, and saw a hole in the cicling; we got into the hole but found nothing - the watchman found the prisoner on the roof.
JOHN PIERCY. I am a watchman. I went to the house, and got through the hole on the roof; I saw the prisoner dragging his legs from the ceiling to get on the roof - I went and took him, and found this knife laying by his side in the gutter - the lead had been cut and turned up for three or four feet; I charged the prisoner with it - he said there was no one there then, but the other had made his escape out of a window - and I heard a window thrown up at the back of the premises; the prisoner said he got up there to lodge - there was nothing on him but a small penknife.


                  GEORGE 
                  CLAY
               



            . I am an inspector of the watch. I went with the witnesses and took the prisoner - it was about half-past twelve o'clock; I found this penknife on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been at work for Abraham Montague till half-past nine o'clock, and then went drinking - and how I got on the house I do not know.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
