





1294. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of August
, three brass cocks, value 6 s.; and two live tame pigeons, price 2 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sloper
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SLOPER
               



            . I live in Cross-road, Stepney-green


. On the 19th of August, between four and five o'clock in the morning, this property was stolen, which was safe the night before. I only had two pair of pigeons. Between four and five o'clock in the morning, I was alarmed by a knocking at my door - I went down and found the prisoner in custody. The pigeons were returned to me alive; two of the cocks were pulled out of beer casks, and the beer running about; the other was from the water butt, the pipe was cut.


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a watchman of Mile-end. On the 19th of August, about a quarter before five o'clock, I was going down the green on duty, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I found the prisoner and Wilkinson both on the ground, struggling together; he charged the prisoner with cutting some pipe away, and pointed to Sloper's house. I took the prisoner under an archway, and there the lead pipe lay; I found three brass cocks on him, and a small bundle containing something alive, a few yards from him. I gave it to Wilkinson.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILKINSON
               



            . I am a neighbour of the prosecutor. I got up at twenty minutes past four o'clock to go to labour; I heard a noise, and went into the privy, and as I came out I saw a handkerchief put on the wall, and two pieces of lead pipe; the prisoner then made his appearance on the wall - I asked him what he did with the pipe, he said it was his - he immediately ran to the gate, unbolted it, forced the lock open, and went out - and began to swear, and said he was out. I seized him, and down we fell. Smith came and secured him - he said,
"Now I will give in." I saw the cocks found on him. Smith gave me a bundle which contained two pigeons.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner pleaded distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 60.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
