





433. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  PHILLIPS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of January
, ten shilling and six sixpences, the monies of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Clark
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD CLARK. I am a carpenter
, and lodge in Baldwin's-gardens. On the 23d of January, between ten and eleven o'clock at night. I was going home through Brook's-market


; I had been drinking a little, but wasquite sober - I had 14 s. in silver in my breeches pocket: The prisoner, who was quite a stranger, accosted me, and asked me where I was going; I said, to my lodgings - she asked me to go with her; I told her I did not want her company. She then came and put her hands round my waist, and picked my pocket of the money - I felt and missed the money; I took hold of her, and tried to catch her hand to get it, but she put it into her mouth. I put my hand to her mouth to try to get my money; she caught hold of my finger; she then threw herself down on the flags, and called out Murder! Two watchmen came up and took 13 s. out of her hand. I gave charge of her.


                  THOMAS 
                  PHILPOT
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the cry of Murder! I came up and saw the prisoner on the ground, struggling with the prosecutor; she said she was being murdered. I asked him what was the matter; he said he had been robbed of his money. My brother watchman came up and took twelve shillings and two sixpences from her hand. I took both of them to the watch-house. The prisoner was detained, and the prosecutor set at liberty.


                  THOMAS 
                  KETTELBY
               



            . I came up on the cry of Murder! The prosecutor said he had been robbed of 13 s. or 14 s. My brother watchman told me to take hold of her right arm; he had hold of her left. She had 13 s. in her hand. I saw no marks of violence upon her. The were both taken to the watch-house. I went before the Magistrate the next day; she did not then make any complaint of being ill used. As we were going to the watch-house, she said to me, "You fool, put 5 s. or 6 s. in your pocket." I said, that would not do.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been with some young women, and had changed a sovereign; I had the change in my mouth. I met the prosecutor soon afterwards. I spoke rather thick, and he said what is the matter? I said, I had money in my mouth - he stood considering a few minutes, and then put his hand to my mouth to try to get it, and as I would not let him have it he struck me in the left eye.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
