






Before Mr. Justice Park.
1399. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     COOK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BARTON
                  



               
             were indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James Henry 
                           Gill
                        



                     
                  , in the night of the 7th of October
, and stealing a coat, value 10 s., and a handkerchief, value 7 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Burr
                        



                     
                  ; two yards of kerseymere, value 1 l.; two coats, value 1 l.; a waistcoat, value 2 s.; a knife, value 2 s.; five handkerchiefs, value 5 s.; two shifts, value 4 s.: a tippet, value 6 d.; three gown bodies, value 3 s.; a spencer, value 5 s.; a pair of stays, value 2 s.; a cap, value 1 d.; a shirt, value 2 s.; a tablecloth, value 1 s.; a piece of calico, value 1 s., and a piece of jean, value 4 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Hople
                  



               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  HENRY GILI
               



            . I live in Duke-street, Westminster


, and am a bookbinder
; Hople rents my first floor, and Burr lodges in my parlour. On the 8th of October, about six o'clock in the morning, I came down stairs - it was just break of day. I found Burr's parlour door open - he sleeps in the garret. I found the kitchen in confusion, and marks of violence on that and on the parlour door also. The servant of the next house handed me some paper over the garden wall; I gave them to Hople.

Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You do not occupy the house - A. Yes, but I let part of it out. A square of glass was cut out of the kitchen door.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HOPLR
               



            . I occupy the ground floor and kitchen of this house. I went up to bed at half-past eleven o'clock at night: the kitchen and street doors were then fast; the back parlour shutters were not closed, by mistake; and I am not certain that the sash was down. The kitchen door is an inner one, and had marks of violence on it, and a pane of glass taken out. The parties appeared to have entered by the parlour window. I found all four dresser drawers open, and nearly empty. I lost a miniature set in gold, out of the kitchen; there were footmarks on the cill of the back parlour window, and footmarks also.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you fastened the kitchen yourself - A. Yes.


                  RICHARD 
                  BURR
               



            . I am a professor of music
, and live at Gill's house. I went to bed about ten o'clock, and was called up between six and seven in the morning, and found that the parlour window had been entered, and a box in my room forced open. I cannot say how the window was the night before. I lost a blue coat and a cambric handkerchief; the coat hung over a chair the night before.


                  ROBERT 
                  FROST
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live in Little Pulteney-street. On the 8th of October, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, I was at work (one Phillips rents my shop and parlour); I heard a knock, looked out of the garret window, and saw a person standing at the door with a bundle under his arm; I heard the knock again, and then heard a disturbance in my passage - I ran down, and saw Cook in the custody of Yates, who had two bundles. I never saw him before.


                  HENRY 
                  YATES
               



            . I am a constable. On the 8th of October, about twenty minutes past six o'clock in the morning, I was at the corner of Wardour-street, and saw Cook and another man, (whom I cannot swear to) coming up Little Pulteney-street; they each had a bundle. I crossed over to the corner of a court to watch them, and saw them go in at Frost's private door; I followed, and picked up a pen-knife which Cook dropped; I then shut the door, and collared him with a bundle in his hand; the other made his escape, leaving his bundle behind. I asked Phillips to assist me, but he would not. Cook said a man gave him 2 1/4 d. in the Haymarket to carry the bundle for him. In the pocket of one of the waistcoats I found some cards, by which I found out Mr. Hople.
Cross-examined. Q. Which of the two went in first - A. The other man; he did not say that was the man who had given him the 2 1/4 d.; he said he should know the man again.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
COOK'S Defence (written.) On the 8th of October, about ten minutes past six o'clock in the morning, I was going to my mother's at Knightsbridge, and was stopped by a man (not Barton;) he said he had two bundles, and would give me the price of a pot of beer to carry them, and as I was going into the house I was seized. The man escaped.
COOK - GUILTY. Aged 21.
Of 


               Stealing to the value of 39 s. only, but not of burglary
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BARTON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
