





49. 
               
                  ALEXANDER 
                  WHITE
               




             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Bowyer
                     




                  , about one o'clock in the night of the 23d of November
, and stealing four pieces of stamped paper, each denoting the payment of 8 s. 6 d. to our Lord the King, value 33 s.; three other pieces of stamped paper, value 18 s., six other pieces of stamped paper, value 30 s., nine others, value 2 l. 0 s. 6 d., a bill-case, value 3 d., a bag, value 1 d., two half-crowns, nineteen shillings, and two sixpences, a bill of exchange for payment of, and value 30 l., and one other bill of exchange for payment of, and value 15 l. 10 s. 2 d., his property
            .


                  MATTHEW 
                  BOWYER
               



            . I am the son of Joseph Bowyer, a carpet manufacturer
 - his warehouse is in St. Mildred's-court, Poultry


. I manage his business, and sleep in the house; and did so on the night of the 23d of November, and on the morning of the 24th - when I came down, at a quarter to seven o'clock, I found the counting-house in confusion; the drawers pulled out of their regular places; and the cash drawer broken open. I missed a bill-case, containing a quantity of blank bill stamps, indorsed "Joseph Bowyer," ready for drawing bills; and two bills of exchange for 30 l., and 15 l. 10 s. 2 d. I have a copy from the bill-book, merely to refresh my memory as to when they were due; but I know the amount of them without that. I saw them in the case on the night of the 24th. I also missed a canvass bag, containing silver; and on looking over the premises, I found a door leading to the leads at the top of the warehouse, broken off its hinges by force, and the bell-wire, which leads to my bed-room, cut to prevent an alarm - the prisoner had been in our employ for two months; but was discharged about two months previous - here are all the stamps and bills, and the pocketbook in Court; also the bag. I know them all.
Cross-examined by Mr. ADOLPHUS. Q. Who lives in the house besides yourself? A. My wife. I was up last, and saw the house fastened - it had been light some time, at a quarter to seven o'clock - the bills are not due. I am not in partnership with my father. I only sleep there as his servant.


                  JOHN 
                  SALMON
               



            . I am a baker by trade; but have not followed business for some time on account of ill health. I know the prisoner; he came to my house sometimes; and on the 24th of November, between eleven and twelve o'clock, he came to my stall in the New Kent-road, and asked if I could go home, for he had some things to shew me at my house. I went with him; and under a tureen on the sideboard, I found this bill-case, with its contents - he took the bills and stamps out, and shewed them to me - there was a 1 l. Swansea note among them; and the prisoner said, if I could get it changed, he would give me 10 s. I asked where he got the property - he said, he had robbed Mr. Bowyer - that he got in at the public-house; and on the privy, made a spring and got over the wall; and got in, and was obliged to remain there all night, till six o'clock in the morning, when the watchman went off duty; as he could not get back the same way, the public-house being shutup - he did not say at what time he got into the house; but said he went to the public-house between nine and ten o'clock on Tuesday night. He counted over 25 s. in half-crowns and shillings; put it into his pocket, and told me to change the note, and burn the papers, and he would meet me - he went away. I said, very well; but immediately went to Mr. Bowyer with the bill-case and papers, and told him they could find him at a cheesemonger's in Old Kent-road, where he lived. I took the officer there, and he took him between seven and eight o'clock that evening.
Cross-examined. Q. He lodged at your house? A. No; I was not at home when the bill-case was brought - he seldom came to my house - my son was not taken up about it. I went out about a quarter before seven o'clock on that morning.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SALMON
               



            . I am the last witness's son. On the 24th of November, about a quarter-past seven o'clock, the prisoner came to my master's yard, in Thomas-street, Lock's-fields, and gave me this bill-case and canvass bag; he told me to take them in to my father for him to look at. I could not go then; but I went at eight o'clock (breakfast time) and put them under the tureen till my father came home - the prisoner told me to put them there. I went to work at half-past eight o'clock. I asked him no questions about them.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you known him long? A. No; only by his coming to and fro to his brother's, when I was on the turnpike-gate. I am eighteen years old. I am sure I did not give him the things. I was not accused of it.


                  THOMAS 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am a City officer - Mr. Bowyer sent for me about three o'clock in the afternoon of the 24th of November. I found Salmon, senior, at his house, and went with him to Old Kent-road; waited there till about half-past seven o'clock, when he pointed the prisoner out to me. I followed him into a shop, and took him, and found a canvass bag, with two half-crowns, 19 s., and two sixpences upon him. I told him to be cautious what he said as it would he given in evidence against him, and told him the charge - he said, the devil was in him - he could not tell what induced to do it; and that the money was Mr. Bowyer's property.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HERRING
               



            . I have the property; I received it from Mr. Bowyer.
Mr. BOWYER. I was awake at six o'clock in the morning - it was light enough to see a man's face then.




               GUILTY. Aged 17. Of stealing the bag, silver, and bill-case only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
