





566. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BUTLER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of January
, a handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Vicent Herreos 
                        de Tejada
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BRUMFITT
               



            . I am a porter at Messrs. Spode and Copeland, of Portugal Street. I saw the prisoner on the 24th of January, about six o'clock in the evening, in Great Queen-street, Lincoln's-Inn Fields


; he was alone. The prosecutor was going along; I saw the prisoner looking hard at his right-hand coat pocket: my suspicion was drawn towards him; I watched him about four doors, and saw him lift up the gentleman's right-hand pocket with his left hand, and draw the handkerchief out with his right. I took hold of his hand immediately, and said I would not let him go; he said, "Pray do, Sir." He did not get from me. I called to the gentleman to stop; but he could not understand me. I then collared the prisoner, and threw my basket into the Freemasons' Tavern, and told them to mind it: I kept calling after the gentleman, and the prisoner said, "I will show you the gentleman;" we overtook him in a short time; I tapped him on the shoulder, and told him he had lost his handkerchief; he could not understand me. We then met a gentleman who could speak French, I believe, and he made him understand. We all went to Bow-street, and the prisoner was given in charge.


                  GEORGE 
                  COST
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol; the prisoner was brought to Bow-street, and given in charge.
VICENT HERREOS DE TEJADA. I was in Great Queen-street, and lost this handkerchief from my pocket; when I was apprized of it, I missed it; I saw the first witness, who presented the prisoner to me as the person who took it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. It is my first offence, and I hope I shall find mercy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
