





438. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Hogg
                        




                     
                  , about eleven o'clock in the forenoon of the 25th of February
, (no person being therein), and stealing, one hat, value 5 s.; one shift, value 18 d.; one handkerchief, value 4 d.; one apron, value 4 d., and one pair of stockings, value 2 d., his property
            .


                  ANN 
                  HOGG
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Hogg
               



            , who lives in Morris's-gardens, Norton Falgate


. On the 25th of February, about eight o'clock in the morning, I went out, and left nobody in the house; I was fetched from work about twelve o'clock, and found my line stripped of these things, which I had left safe, and locked the door. I found a piece cut out of the door, and the lock forced open.


                  PETER 
                  SAVAGE
               



            . I am a headborough. On the 25th of February I took the prisoner up at the door of Worship-street Office, and asked what he had done with the things he had taken from the prosecutor? he said he had taken nothing. The magistrate sent me to No. 8, Whitecross-street, where the prisoner said he lived. I went there, but found no such person lived there. I found a hat at No. 8, Pope's Head-court, Whitecross-street. on the ground floor, also a shift, a handkerchief, and apron.


                  ISAAC 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I live next door to Hogg. About eleven o'clock I saw the prisoner go by and go to the bottom of the court - he then returned whistling. In about ten minutes he came back in a direction from the house, with a bundle under his arm - he walked exceedingly quick - I heard of the robbery about five minutes after. In about a quarter of an hour I saw him pass again, and asked him what he had done with the bundle that he had passed my house with? He said he had taken it to Worship-street Office - I said I would go with him to ascertain if it was so. I walked by his side, and when he got there he denied having told me any thing about it, and said he came there about a bad shilling. I gave him into custody.


                  JOSEPH 
                  TOMPKINS
               



            . I work at a willow manufactory. I saw the prisoner go into the house with a bundle, and saw him come out with one. He was in the house about a quarter of an hour - I am sure he is the man.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The street door was wide open, and I saw the things lying in the passage.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.
Of stealing to the value of 4 s. 10 d. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
