





Before Mr. Justice Park.
1398. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MASON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Crossman
                        




                     
                  , his master
, a pair of trowsers, value 14 s., three coats, value 4 l.; two boy's dresses, value 6 s.; a jacket, value 6 d.; and a frock, value 3 s.
            , his property.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  CROSSMAN
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live in Sugar-loaf court, Bethnal-green


; the prisoner was my apprentice
, and had been so for five years; I sleep in the front room on the first floor, and he in the back room. On Sunday morning, the 24th of October, between half-past four and five o'clock, he called to me from his bed-room to know if I heard a noise - I got up and went into the shop which is between my bed-room and his, on the same floor; I looked out of the window and thought I saw a man laying flat on the ground; the prisoner got a light and put his trowsers on - we went into the yard, and what I took for a man, was a bundle of clothes; I looked further and found the prisoner's hat, with pattern cards in it - we went up and dressed, and the boy went to the watchman - when we came up stairs I found my chest empty, and the lid open; it stood in the shop, and had contained the articles stated in the indictment, (besides what were in the yard) the day before; it was not kept locked - there was a pane of glass taken out of the shop window, so that a hand could be put through to open it. He went out the next morning with my leave, soon after breakfast; returned to dine at one o'clock, and went out about two, having leave to be out two or three hours; but I always told him to be home to his meals - he returned at half-past nine - I asked him where he had been; he said he had been to see a friend; I wanted to know where that friend lived - he hesitated, but in the morning he told me he had been to No. 3, Temple-street, but gave me no name. I went round to several pawnbrokers, but found nothing - I called at Temple-street about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon, and saw 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Middlestorb
               



            , and enquired if he was there; it appeared that he had been there all that time; I was coming away quite satisfied; but the girl said
"William Manon left a box here last night, will you take it home" - I said I had no objection, and her mother went up stairs with her and brought it down; but it being too large I could not carry it; I took Essex an officer there in the evening, and on searching the box I found the property produced, which I know to be mine; the box was locked; we broke it open - some are new clothes, and some old - I had seen them safe on Saturday afternoon.


                  JAMES 
                  ESSEX
               



            . I am a constable. I went with Crossman, and found the property.


                  DANIEL 
                  MIDDLESTORB
               



            . I live in Temple-street. The prisoner came to my house on Saturday night, and brought a box - he opened it to put his purse into it; I looked into it, and saw that there was clothes in it; a little boy assisted him to bring it about eleven o'clock at night. He called on Sunday afternoon, but said nothing about it; I had known him for about a month, and have known his brother for years; he said his master was so strict that he could not mend anything for his brother; and asked if he might bring his box, that he might come and mend them early of a morning. The officer searched the same box.
Prisoner. Q. Do you know at how many times I brought the clothes - A. I believe they came all at once with the box.


                  CHRISTIAN 
                  MIDDLESTORB
               



            . I live with my father. On Saturday night, the 23d of October, about eleven o'clock, a little boy came with the prisoner, and brought the box. Essex searched the same box.


                  ANNA 
                  HELENA MIDDLESTORB
               



            . On Monday or Tuesday fortnight the prisoner asked my father's leave to bring a box to our house, as his master would not allow him to do any jobs at home.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Dexter, pawnbroker, Whitechapel-road. On the 23d of October a pair of new trowsers were pawned for 14 s., in the name of West - I believe the prisoner to be the person.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 18.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
