






1212. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DORSET
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE BERRY 
                     BRYAN
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of September
, one scarf, value 2 s., and one shawl, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas William 
                     Dobby
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAM DOBBY
               



            . I am a cutler
, and live on Great Saffron-hill. I was riding down Ball's Pond-road


 in a chaise-cart, with my wife and child, the shawl and scarf hung on the tail of the cart. Ward called out that they were stolen. I turned round, and saw Dorset about twenty yards off attempting to conceal them under his coat. He saw me, and let them fall. Bryan was with him. I picked it up, and they ran across the fields.


                  MARY 
                  WARD
               



            . I live in Lower Queen-street, Islington. I was sitting down in Ball's Pond-road, and saw Bryan give Dorset a parcel, they were just at the prosecutor's cart. I saw them come from the cart-tail, and saw the fringe of the shawl at the time he gave it to the other prisoner. Dorset endeavoured to hide it. I ran and told Mr. Dobby. Dorset then dropped it, and both ran across the fields. I saw them in custody next day; I am sure they are the persons.


                  THOMAS 
                  KINSEY
               



            . I live in Ward's-place, Islington.I saw Bryan tread on the wheel, take the things out of the cart, and give them to Dorset; they ran away, and I saw Dorset drop it; they ran across the fields. Mr. Dobby pursued them, but they got away. I saw them next day at the office, and am sure they are the persons.


                  JOHN 
                  UPTON
               



            . I am an an officer. I took Dorset the same night at Islington, about nine o'clock, and took Bryan next day.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BRYON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DORSET - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Confined Three Months
            , and 



               Whipped
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
