





490. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     DOUGLAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               bigamy
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLE
               



            . I am clerk of the parish of St. Paul, in the city of Canterbury. I produce a certificate of the marriage of 
               
                  David 
                  Douglas
               



             to 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Asquith
                  



               
            , on the 7th of August, 1815. I compared it with the register.
ELIZA FISHER. In 1815 I lived at Canterbury, and was present at the prisoner's marriage with 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Asquith
               



            . I saw her alive this morning - she was never married before. I knew them both well.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODERICK. Q. How long had you known her - A. Eight or nine years. I never knew her by the name of Richards or Sooker. She was too young to be married when I first knew her. She lived with her father-in-law.


                  JAMES 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Harmer. I have a copy of the register of St. James's parish


, by which it appears that on the 25th of December, 1819
, 
               
                  David 
                  Douglas
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Mary Eliza 
                     Offer
                  



               
             were married. I examined it myself.


                  MARY 
                  ELIZA OFFER
               



            . On the 25th of December, 1819, I was married to the prisoner. I was then seventeen years of age. I was never married before.
Cross-examined. Q. How long had you known him - A. Seventeen months - he boarded with my father. In the February following I discovered that he had another wife, went to Ramsgate, and made enquiry about it; I then returned, and lived with him from the 10th of June till the 8th of August, when his wife came and demanded him, and 5 l. which he had promised her as a bribe.
Q. Did you not part by mutual consent, and he was to allow 10 s. 6 d. a week - A. No; when I returned to live with him in June, a paper was drawn up for him to allow it to me, but I never asked him for it. I only asked him to buy the baby clothes. I left him when his wife demanded him, but before I did not know whether I was his lawful wife or no. He told me his wife had another husband, and that he was not lawfully married.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What did you say about a bribe - A. When his wife demanded him, he said he had promised her 5 l. not to answer any questions I put to her at Greenwich. When I refused to live with him, he removed close by my father's, and then right opposite, so that he could see into my room.
Prisoner's Defence. I had the misfortune to marry a bad woman, whose husband was living when I married her - she left me to live with him. I married this woman. went into the country for eight or ten days, and on returning she had made off with my property. I demanded her; they went and found out the woman - she told them she was married, and had another husband. On the 8th of December she came to me, and wanted me to let her lay in at her father's, and to allow him so much a week. I said if she came back to me I would do all I could.
EDWARD LUCAS. I am a shoemaker, and live at Canterbury. I was a serjeant in the Radnorshire militia.
Q. Look at that woman (S. Asquith, the prisoner's first wife), do you know her - A. Yes - Henry Richards was a private in the militia, in Captain 
               Bevan
            's company, fifteen or sixteen years ago, I remember him being married, and lent him money to pay the expences. I was not present at the marriage, but Asquith lived with him, and went by his name - they lived together in the town about two months, and then parted. I was not present at the marriage, but I was there in the afternoon, wished Mrs. Richards joy, and she thanked me. I took her by the hand, and saw the ring on her finger; I remember Mr. Richards got tipsy, and her mother threw a loaf at his head. She lived with her father-in-law, 
               
                  James 
                  Ockley
               



            .
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long ago was this - A. About sixteen years - I do not think it is twenty. She appeared to be about sixteen or seventeen years of age.
Q. Will you swear that is the woman - A. I will; she is very much altered.
Q. Look at her well - will you venture to swear you ever saw that woman in Richards's company in your life - A. She is altered, I will not swear it.
Q. On your oath, do not you know she is not the woman A. I do not.
Q. Will you swear you believe her to be the woman - A. No.
MR. BRODERICK. Q. How many times did you see this Mrs. Richards - A. Several.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SNELLER
               



            . I am a boot and shoemaker, and live at Canterbury. I knew 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Ockley
               



             (Asquith), about sixteen years ago; I also knew Richards; to the best of my recollection that is the woman who was married to him. They lived together a short time as man and wife. I was not present at the marriage,
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Will you venture to swear you believe she is the woman - A. Yes, I believe it.

Q. The witness, Fisher, is your sister - A. Yes; she knew her as well as I did - she is related to her.
MR. BRODERICK. Q. Did you know a person named Sooker - A. No, but they used to call her Mrs. Sooker.
Mr. Adolphus called


                  JOHN 
                  OCKLEY
               



            . I live at Canterbury; Mrs. Douglas is my daughter-in-law - she is thirty or thirty-one years of age. I married her mother about sixteen years ago. She was never married, except to Douglas, the prisoner. I have seen a soldier whom they called Richards; I think he was in the Radnorshire militia. No daughter of mine ever went by the name of Richards. My daughter was absent at times, when she went to her aunt's, at Hastings. She never lived at Canterbury, except at my house.
MR. BRODERICK. Q. When you married your wife your daughter was not at home - A. No; she came home in a few weeks. She never went by the name of Sooker. I went to Margate for about four years, and left my daughter at Canterbury, with her mother.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Do you maintain her - A. Yes; her husband allows her nothing, When I married she was about fourteen years old.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Wood
               



            .
