





488. 
               
                  
                     ROSINA 
                     PARNNINGTON
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               like offence
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BUTTERS
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
Mr.
 
                  Hixon
               



            , who is a grocer
, and lives in the Strand


. On the 3d of March
, about twelve o'clock, the prisoner came to the shop, I did not serve her. I saw a 1 l. note lying on the counter before her; no other customer was in the shop, the apprentice had served her. I took the note up, and while he gave her change I enquired her name and address? she said,
"Mrs. Marriott, No. 4, Off-alley, just by." I wrote that on the note - (looks at one) - this is it. The changewas given to her, and she went away. I afterwards enquired at No. 4, Off-alley, and could hear of no such person. Sometime after I found the prisoner lived there, but not by that name. I afterwards went there with Mayhew, about eight o'clock that evening, and found her sitting in the room with a woman, a child, and her husband. The officer knocked at the door, we could not get admission. I heard her voice say,
"There is a knocking!" We went in, I pointed her out instantly, and asked if she did not recollect me? she said she did. The officer asked her where she got the note? she said from her husband (pointing to the man who sat opposite). The officer said he should take him, and went to collar him; he asked for his authority, he produced it; he then said,
"I must see your warrant" - the officer said he had none. The woman came and laid hold of him, and said,
"For God's sake, don't let him be taken!" I saw the man draw a pistol. He was at last secured and brought down stairs. The prisoner ran out; she came back without her bonnet, and said,
"Where is my husband, where have you taken him to?" I said,
"We are waiting for you!" She ran out, I pursued and secured her.


                  THOMAS 
                  MAYHEW
               



            . I am a conductor of the patrol of Bow-street. I went with Butters to No. 4, Off-alley, and found the prisoner in a room there, he pointed her out. She asked if he came from the grocer's over the way? he said he did. I asked her where she took the note? she said from her husband (pointing to a man in the room). I asked him where he got it? he said he took it in trade, and that he was a tailor. I said he must go to the office, he refused; I put my hand on him - he asked for my authority, I shewed him my staff. He said if I had no warrant he would not go - a struggle ensued. I have heard the account given by Butters, it is correct. I took the pistol from him - it was loaded within half an inch of the muzzle, and in a drawer behind him was another pistol, loaded with three bullets. The one I took from him was a screw barrel, with one bullet in it.


                  JAMES 
                  LEMON
               



            . I am a cheesemonger, and live in Church-lane, Strand. On a Saturday evening, about ten days before the prisoner was apprehended, she came to my shop about nine o'clock in the evening, bought a loin of pork, and tendered me a 1 l. note. I asked her her name, she said,
"Davidson, No. 39, St. Martin's-lane." I saw my wife endorse the note - (looks at one) - this is it. I got change and gave it to her; it was returned to me two or three days afterwards, as forged. I went to No. 39, St. Martin's-lane, but could find no such person. She came alone.


                  PHILIP 
                  INGRAM
               



            . I live at No. 39, St. Martin's-lane; the prisoner did not live there. I do not know her.


                  ROBERT 
                  WINKFIELD
               



            . I am assistant to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Winkfield
               



            , who keeps a public-house in the Strand. About a fortnight before the prisoner was apprehended she came and bought some spirits, which came to 3 s., and paid me a 1 l. note. I asked her address, she gave me
"Tilley, No. 5, Off-alley," which I wrote on it - (looks at one) - this is it. I gave her change and she left. I afterwards made enquiry, but could find no such person there.


                  HANNAH 
                  HOLLINS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Hollins
               



            , who keeps the Green Dragon, in Villers-street. On the 19th of February the prisoner came with another woman, and had half a pint of the best gin, I served her - she asked for change for a 1 l. note, I said I had not got it. She asked if I could not send for it? I sent out for change, she laid the note down, my son took it up, and asked her address; she gave him
"Mrs. Walker, No. 4, Off-alley," which he wrote on the note in her presence - (looks at one) - this is it. I gave her the change.


                  GEORGE 
                  HOLLINS
               



            . I am the son of the last witness. I remember the prisoner coming to the house. I wrote on the note - (looks at one) - this is it. She gave me that address.
MR. GLOVER. The notes are all forged in every respect, and are all off one plate.


                  JOHN 
                  COLE BAKER
               



            . I am a signing-clerk. The notes are not signed by me.
Prisoner's Defence. I had them from my husband.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
