





193. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     COLLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of November
, 20 bridle-hits, value 3l., and 1 pair of reins, value 10s
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Gray
                  




               
            .
SECOND COUNT, for feloniously receiving the said goods, which had been lately before been stolen; against the Statute.


                  ROBERT 
                  GRAY
               



            . I keep the Bolt-in-Tun inn
. I lost twenty bridle-bits and these reins, on the 7th of November, between five and six o'clock in the morning, out of my stables; the gates are closed at eleven o'clock at night, but the stables are open - no person could have access to them unless they concealed themselves in the coaches; I have seen the twenty hits, and one pair of the reins, before the Magistrate - I have every reason to believe they are mine; I know nothing of the prisoner - the latest stage comes in about ten o'clock at night, and after the horse-keepers have dressed the horses, the business is over for that night; they are opened by half-past four or five o'clock in the morning.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Is there anything particular in these bits? A. No; they are common coach-bits - the yard is not of easy access without breaking the gates, but the stables are; I can speak positively to the reins from their general appearance, and from the pattern of the buckles.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am one of the horse-keepers at the Bolt-in-Tun; I have the care of the Bath stable; I left it at a quarter-past eleven o'clock - the bits and reins were all safe; I went the next day at twenty minutes before five, and four bits were gone - these are them; I can swear to them - it was a week or eight days before I saw them again; it was before the Magistrate - I have had them under my care four years and a half, and saw them two or three times every day.
Cross-examined. Q. What is there to enable you to swear to them? A. One of the mouth-pieces has been loose, and has been re-rivetted - the head of the rivet is smaller than the other; I can swear to this from fifty - it belongs to Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Gray
               



            , the proprietor of the Bath coach.
MR. GRAY. I have no partners to whom this property belongs.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOPWOOD
               



            . I have the care of the horses of the Reading coach, at the Bolt-in-Tun: I left them at half-past eight or a quarter before nine o'clock on the night before - the horse furniture was all safe then; I went in the morning, between six and seven - four bits were missing from that stable, and a pair of reins; I saw them at Hatton-garden, and swore to them - I have had the care of them nearly five years, and am confident of them; I could pick them out from five thousand.
Cross-examined. Q. What do you know them by? A. One has been rivetted afresh at the mouth-piece, and one at the bottom bar; the horse that had this is a very hard mouthed horse.
COURT. Q. Was the prisoner at all employed there? A. I never saw him in my life - I cannot speak with certainty to the reins.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOLTON
               



            . I have the care of the Porstsmouth horses at the Bolt-in-Tun. I left on the night of the 6th of November, at a quarter before ten o'clock; I had taken off the harness, and they were all safe; I returned at half-past four in the morning, and missed four bits, but no reins.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you seen the bits again? A. Yes, at Hutton-garden; I am certain of them - I had them in my hand every day: I have not the least doubt of them - I rivetted this one myself with a hammer; this I am positive of.


                  GEORGE 
                  HILL
               



            . I drive a hackney-coach for different masters, and live at No. 2, Compton-place, Brunswick-square. The prisoner and another man came to me while-I was at work in the stable in Doughty-mews, about eight o'clock in the morning - I am certain of the prisoner; I had known him by sight about the neighbourhood - it was on a Friday morning, about a fortnight or three weeks before I gave evidence at Hatton-garden; I cannot tell the day of the month; the prisoner said the man with him had a number of bits to sell, and the man had them on his back in a bag, I believe, but I not see it opened; the prisoner asked if I knew any body that was in want of such things, as the man had promised him if he could get a customer he would pay him for his trouble: I said very likely some of the master hackney men might be in want of such things; I recommended him to Mr. Yeomans - I did not go with him; he went to try to see him, then came to me again, and said he was not in the way: I then recommended him to Mr. Jolley - I went to the public-house, and there was Jolley; the other man had left the prisoner then, and Jolley told him to bring them down to his place the next morning, and he would look at them.
Cross-examined. Q. Then you did not see the bits in the prisoner's possession? A. No; he said he came with the other man to get him a customer.


                  JAMES 
                  JOLLEY
               



            . I am a plate-holder. The prisoner came to me one Friday, and said he had some bits to sell for a man, but he did not know any master saddler; I said, "If you don't know any master, I can try to sell them for you; bring them down to me:" he brought them on the Saturday morning - he said there were twenty, but I did not particularly look at them, nor count them; he left them with me; my brother-in-law (Underwood) came, about eight o'clock, and I said, "Here are twenty bits, which a man has left here to be sold:" there were no reins; I saw the prisoner on the Saturday evening, and Itold him we had been to different places, and had only 1s. 6d. per pair offered for them; I said I could not get the money that night - he said would I advance it myself; I said I was very short - he said if I could advance him a little he would give it to the man, and I advance him a little he would give it to the man, and I advanced him 8s.


                  JOSEPH 
                  UNDERWOOD
               



            . I am Jolley's brother-in-law. I did not see the prisoner, but Jolley gave me the twenty bits to dispose of; I offered them to different people in the trade - I had 1s. 6d. a pair offered for them; I left them in Doughty-mews - I did not see the prisoner afterwards; I was before the Magistrate, but was not questioned about it when I was first taken; I offered them to a Mr. Gullock, and a Mr. Cobb - Mr. Cobb shewed them to Mr. White; I was with him - that was on the Monday morning, and he bought them for 26s.; I did not receive any money till Wednesday, when I called, and received one sovereign from Mr. White's shopman - the rest of the purchase-money was paid on the Friday; it was on the 14th of November, I was taken up for this - the prisoner was taken up three days before I was discharged; I had no bits but those I received from Jolley.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not make any particular observation of the bits? A. No; I cannot swear to them- I was in custody thirteen days.
Q. When did you give this information about the prisoner? A. My brother-in-law gave the information; I said where I got them, but I was not allowed to say one word - the prosecutor was not there; witnesses appeared against me, and then I was remanded till the following Wednesday - then the same charge was made against me, and I was remanded till Friday, and then again; I was not committed for trial - I was discharged as soon as I was allowed to speak; I wished to speak on the first examination, but the prosecutor was not there - he was there the second time, but I did not state it then; My solicitor was in full possession of the facts - he advised me to say nothing about it then, for reasons best known to himself; I gave this account the last time I was examined at Hatton-garden - it was the fourth time I was before the Magistrate; I was not asked a question before- I do not know that I was prohibited from speaking the second time, but the first time the Magistrate said the prosecutor was not there.


                  JOHN 
                  CONN
               



            . I keep livery-stables, in Wilmington-yard, Bagnigge-wells-road. Underwood brought these hits to me on the Monday morning, and asked me to buy them; I told him they were of no use to me - I went with him to Mr. White's; they were left for his inspection, when he came home - 26s. was agreed to be given for them, but I was not present when the payment was made; Underwood did keep a public-house.
Cross-examined. Q. What is he now? A. He is out of business, I believe; I cannot tell how he gets his living - I have always understood him to be a very respectable man; I did not know he was living with his brother-in-law.


                  THOMAS 
                  BLYDE
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. White. The two last witnesses brought twenty bits to my master's- I believe he agreed to buy them at last, but not in my presence; I gave Underwood a sovereign on the 12th, in part of payment - the same bits were afterwards brought to Hatton-garden, and claimed by the prosecutor.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITE
               



            . In am a sadler and harness-maker, and live at No. 64, Goswell-road. I saw Cobb and Underwood, on the 11th, and knowing Cobb before, I was induced to buy these twenty bits for 26s.; I left a sovereign with my apprentice, on the Wednesday, to give to Cobb, or the other man, and on the Friday, Underwood came for the remainder - I heard on the Wednesday, that the bits had been stolen, and on the Thursday morning, Mr. Gray and two of his men came; they looked at them - Gray said he believed they were his, and his men swore to them; they advised me, when Underwood came for the remaining 6s., to give him in charge.


                  ROBERT 
                  DUKE
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner at an obscure public-house, in Ship-yard, Temple-bar; I said it was about the bits belonging to the Bolt-in-Tun, Fleet-street - he said nothing that night; I put him into the watch-house - I went for him the next morning, and on the road, without making him any threat or promise, he said "I wish to ask you your advice;" I said I could not give him any advice - he then said it appeared as if they meant to put him into the hold, and if so, he should say something.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you any difficulty in finding him? A. No; Jolly pointed him out to me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CORDWELL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at No. 31, Compton-street, Brunswick-square, A pair of reins were pawned with me for 2s., on the 7th of November, about noon, in the name of Jane Hill, I suppose by one of the witnesses, but I would not swear to him - they were redeemed by the prisoner the same evening, about six or seven o'clock; I am quite sure of his person, as he had been employed in the coach-rank before my door - I saw a pair at the office, and I suppose them to be the same; I can only speak from their appearance.
Cross-examined. Q. You were well acquainted with the prisoner's person? A. I had seen him frequently - I cannot say that I saw him after he redeemed the reins.


                  JAMES 
                  YEOMANS
               



            . I drive a hackney-coach, and live in Brunswick-mews. I know the prisoner by sight; on the evening of the 7th of November he came and asked if I wanted a pair of reins; I told him No - he said he had a pair in pawn for 2s., and asked if I would buy the duplicate, as he was very poor, and greatly distressed; I bought it of him for 1s.; I went to the pawnbroker to look at the reins, but he would not allow me - I came out and gave the prisoner 2s. 1/2d. to get them out, and I bought them of him - I gave up the same reins at Hatton-garden, I think about a fortnight afterwards.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you any great bargain? A. I did not consider it so; they were worth perhaps about 4s. to me as a wearer.
MR. GRAY re-examined. Q. Are these your reins? A. Yes; I judge so by the shape and make of the buckles, which correspond with the leading reins, which were not taken.
Cross-examined. Q. Is there any thing particular in this kind of buckle? A. Yes; some are square and some round, but these are neither one nor the other - I do not know that I ever saw such as these till within the last twelve months; I had them of Mr. Maberly, at the Horse Bazaar.
Prisoner to 
               
                  JAMES 
                  JOLLEY
               



            . Q. You state your brotherwas in custody for it - had you not a free opportunity of seeing me every day at the Hunter's Arms public-house, and did you not drink with me there - I should not have staid if I had been guilty of stealing? A. I never saw him till the Saturday night when he was taken; I went to the Police-office the same day that Underwood was taken - I was not there when he was brought before the Magistrate, I went when he was brought up again, but I did not go in before the Magistrate - I did not know they wanted me; I told the way in which underwood got the bits to a afraid or two that came to see him, but they are not here - I mentioned it the day he was taken up or the next day; I made the statement to the solicitor, and I believe he made it to the Magistrate the second time but I was not there - I mentioned it to Mr. Sherman, the solicitor, of Broad-buildings, Holborn; I did not mention it to any constable or Bow-street officer, Mr. Sherman advised me to say nothing about it till we could see if we could get the prisoner.
Prisoner. I proffered at Hatton-garden to produces the man I had them to sell for, but I was not allowed to speak, as the officer knows, and now that man has absconded.


                  ROBERT 
                  DUKE
               



            . He never mentioned the name of the person, nor where he lived.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
