






1500. 
               
                  GOODMAN 
                  SOLOMON
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAILEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of October
, part of a crimping engine, value 15 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Augustin 
                     Finch
                  




               
            .


                  AUGUSTIN 
                  FINCH
               



            . I am an ironmonger
, and live in Bishopsgate-street Without


. On the 11th of October, about nine o'clock in the morning, I just left the shop to breakfast in the back room; the two prisoners came in and asked for a penny Jew's harp; I said I had none; they went away and returned in about a minute, and asked if I could tell where to buy one; I said,
"Go about your business." In consequence of something my wife said, I got up, and missed part of a crimping engine off the counter, which was there ten minutes before. I went after them, but lost sight of them, and returned for my hat. I then went to an old iron shop in Widegate-alley, and found them in about five minutes, in the act of selling it. Fuller keeps the shop. I went in and laid hold of them - I had great difficulty in holding them - Solomon got away, but was stopped.


                  MARTHA 
                  FULLER
               



            . I keep an iron shop in Widegate-alley. Two boys came into my shop, but I cannot say who they were - they were much such boys as the prisoners.
Q. Are they the two, or cannot you be certain of them - A. I cannot exactly say; they had not time to offer any thing. They asked if I bought old metal; I said, No; and no sooner had I said so, than the gentleman came in, and laid hold of one of them; the other ran out.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoners in charge with the property. Fuller knew the boys at the Mansion-house.
MR. FINCH. I cannot say whether the property was in Fuller's hands or on the counter.


                  MARTHA 
                  FULLER
               



             re-examined. Q. Do you mean to swear they had not time to offer it - A. Yes. I never saw it till the gentleman had it. It was not on my counter.


                  AUGUSTIN 
                  FINCH
               



            . It is mine. She could not avoid seeing it. One of the boys ran behind her counter. I insisted on having him out.
SOLOMON'S Defence. I was going down Bishopsgate-street, and this little boy asked me to go with him to buy the harp. The gentleman had none, and we came out - he said
"Let us go and ask where we can buy one;" the gentleman said,
"Go out you rascals," and in the street the boy said,
"Look what I have found, let us go into the shop, and sell it;" we went in, and the woman said,
"Stop a moment."
BAILEY'S Defence. He went with me to buy the harp, and as we came out this piece of brass laid on the step - I picked it up and shewed it him; and said
"Let us go to an iron shop and see if they will buy it."
SOLOMON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
BAILEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 10.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
