





1552. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SHORT
               




             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 8th of July
, a mare, price thirty-five guineas, and another mare, price thirty-five guineas, the property of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Sherman
                     




                  , unlawfully, designedly, and feloniously did kill
            , to the great damage of the said Edward Sherman.
MR. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WINDSOR
               



            . I am turned nine years of age (the witness appeared perfectly to know the nature of an oath) On the 4th of July, I was in the Bull and Mouth Inn


, yard. I know the stable where the horses of the Oxonian coach stand - the prisoner has the care of that stable
, it is under ground, and slopes down from outside the premises. I was in that slope on the 4th of July, about a quarter past four o'clock. I could see plainly into the stable - there was nobody there but the prisoner. I saw him go to the mare next but one to the window, and put the handle of the fork up and down in her body for a few minutes; he then went to the one next the window, which was lying down; he hit her, and made her get up; he then poked the handle of the fork up her body, and did it up and down. I called to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Ray
               



            , while the prisoner was doing it, and he saw it; there was a lad named Davis there sweeping the steps, and Ray went and told him - he came, and saw what was doing; soon after Davis's mother called him away, and Ray went away too. I stood in the ride, and saw the prisoner do the same then to a black mare; he came up and went to a privy, and then went away out of the ride. I went down to the stable in about half an hour afterwards, while the farrier was there. I saw the stall where the mare was which he had first served so - it was lying down, and its tongue hanging out. I saw the second mare sweating very much.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Had you not been there, and been told to go out? A. Yes, the foreman told me to go out. The prisoner did not whip me on the Sunday before - we did not say that in consequence of his whipping us we would have something done to him. I know it was the handle of a fork, because I saw the iron in his hand. The stable is dark, and I was at the top of the hill, a great deal higher than the prisoner. As you go down there is a grating in the floor of the coach-house. I have never seen candles used there in the day-time. I saw him poke the handle first into one, and then into another horse. It is a street where many people are passing - we did not speak to any people, but told Davis of it, and he would not believe it - this was while it was doing. I did not tell any person he was killing the horses - I did not know he was hurting them. I mean to say, upon my oath, that it went into the horses - it did not go under them - they were standing with their tails nearest to me - I did not see any blood come from them - I was too far off to see that - it went in at the back of the horses. I told 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Davis
               



             that 
               
                  Jem 
                  Short
               



             was doing something to the horses. I did not say he was running the fork into them, because I did not know he was hurting them - I thought he was doing them good - we did not call on any one to stop it.
Re-examined. Q. Could you see the people go by in the street? A. No, not till I got to the top of the hill.
COURT. Q. What did you tell Thomas Davis? A. It was Charles Ray that told him first. I said "Here is Short doing something to the horses," and he said "Gee up."
CHARLES RAY. My father is a watchmaker. On the day in question I went to the cistern to get a drop of water - it is opposite to the slope of the stable. Windsor called me to see what the man was doing. I went to the top of the ride, but did not go down. I plainly saw the prisoner in the act of pushing the handle of the fork into the body of the mare, which was second from the window. He had hold of one prong in one hand, and his other hand was on the handle, and he worked it backwards and forwards. I do not know how long he was with that mare. He then went to another mare next the window, and worked the fork backwards and forwards in her body - I am sure the handle of the fork was in the body of the mares. There was a boy of the name of John Davis sweeping the stairs, and I beckoned to him to come and see it - there was a man who asked what we wanted. I and 
               
                  John 
                  Davis
               



             went and told Thomas Davis what we saw - he was busy, and did not pay particular attention to it - he said "The fork, is he?" and went on with his work. I went and looked a bit longer, and then went home. I did not see any one else in the stable.
Cross-examined. Q. Did Windsor go to Thomas Davis? A. I do not know; I saw him standing at the top - I had seen the prisoner two or three days before; I was going to the cistern on the Sunday before, and he gave me a thump with a broom, but did not hurt me; I did not tell the people, who were going by, because I did not exactly know whether it was cruel or not, or I would. I mean, upon my oath, to say, I did not know that he must be injuring the horses; I told Thomas Davis "Here is Short putting the handle of the fork into the mare's body;" he said "Sure," and went on with his work; I did not call out to the prisoner; the stable is not very dark - it is light enough to see what any one is doing; I do not know of candles being used there in the day time; the light comes from two windows in the street, and some grating in the coach-house; I was the length of the stable from the light; there was no conversation between me and the other boys as to what we saw him doing; I am sure it went into the mare's body, under the tail; I was not there when he went away; I left Windsor and Davis there - I went home but did not tell any one about it.
JOHN DAVIS. I am sixteen years of age next July. I was at the Bull and Mouth, sweeping down the steps facing the Oxonian stables; Charles Ray called me - I went just to the beginning of the stable, and saw James Short with a pitch-fork in his hand, which he was forcing backwardand forward into the mare's body, which was the second from the window; we all came away together, and then went down again in about a minute; I saw my father there, when I came up a second time, cleaning a horse in the yard; the two boys came with me, and Charles Ray went and told my father - he called me to prove what he said.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not you think he was hurting the horses? A. No, we came up and laughed at it; I did not call to any one to stop it; I did not tell my father but the boys, Charles Ray and Joseph Windsor, told him. I do not know whether they went separately to him - my mother called me to go to my place.
THOMAS DAVIS. I am hostler at the Bull and Mouth. I was working in what is called the ride, over the Oxonian stable; my son and Ray came to me, and said something, but I did not go down to the stable then; I went in about an hour, when the farrier's man said something to me. I saw a mare lying dead in the second stall from the window, and the next one to her, under the window, was in a dangerous state; I took her out of the stable to Mr. Surman's; she was in a great perspiration; it is light enough in the stable to see without candles.
Cross-examined. A. Do you know the grating? A. Yes, it is not far from the place where the mares stood; I should think the face of a man could be seen distinctly from there - the stable is rather dark at all times - a candle is used sometimes in dark foggy days in the winter; a person could have seen a man at the distance of the end of the stable, in fine weather. I was told of it by two boys, but not by Windsor; Ray said the man was using the fork about the mare's body, but I did not believe it; he made me understand that the handle of the fork was in the mare's body.


                  JOHN 
                  STUBBING
               



            . I am one of the foremen of the stables. The proprietor is Mr. Edward Shearman. I went down into the Oxonian stables, and met the mare coming up in great agony; I found in the further stall but one, a mare lying dead; I do not think the two could be replaced for less than seventy guineas. I ordered them all up, as I thought it might be from heat; I went for Mr. Surman, our veterinery surgeon; he attended the mare, which was alive, but it died in about an hour - I saw a great quantity of blood.
Cross-examined. Q. Had not the prisoner returned himself to the stable? A. No. The constable came and took the fork from the stable; I know it to be Mr. Sherman's. It had been used by the prisoner; the handle appeared as if it had been wiped; the prisoner was generally away from two o'clock until about six, but that depends on circumstances.
THOMAS DAVIS re-examined. Q. Did you see the prisoner about the stable, at the time you received the information? A. No; not until the alarm was given about the death of the first mare. I had seen him in the morning, and again in the evening after he was taken; I do not know whether he had returned to the stable or not.


                  RICHARD 
                  BETRIDGE
               



            . I am hostler at the Bull and Mouth. On this afternoon I went for the prisoner, about five o'clock, in consequence of what was said about the horses. I found him on the bed at his lodgings, in Golden-lion-court. I said, "James Short, do you know one of your horses is dead?" He said, "You do not stand that, do you." I said, "It is very true." He said "It cannot be, surely, can it?" I then came out, and never saw him after I left the room; he did not appear to be drunk. I went to let him know of it as an old servant; no one sent me - he is generally away from the stables from two to six o'clock.


                  HENRY 
                  SURMON
               



            . I am a veterinary surgeon, and am employed at the Bull and Mouth. In the month of July, a blind mare was brought to my shop - I was not there at the time - she died in about an hour in great agony. I then saw another mare which was dead - I opened them, and found the bladders of each of them divided, and the urethra much inflamed, which no doubt would have been produced, by putting the handle of a fork up the urethra. It was from no disease, it must have been done by mechanical means - there was a great deal of blood inside.


                  GEORGE 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner into custody on the 8th of July, between five and and six o'clock. When he was at the Compter, I found one of his shoes with the upper leather all bloody. I found a pitchfork in Mr. Stubbings's room, the handle was to a certain length stained with blood, but it had been wiped.
Prisoner's Defence. When Beteridge came to me, I got up and went down to the stable. I saw Stubbings there. I went immediately to the mare, and would not believe any thing of the kind; I put my hand on her, and during her plunging about, some of the blood came on my shoe. I knew nothing of it until I got to the court, and then one of the book-keepers was taking down the names - he looked down and said, "What is that on your shoe?" He took it off - and that was the way it came so. The stable was always open - any person might have gone in, there is no door to it. I never had a blemish in my character.
Three witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 50.




               Transported for Life
            .
