





222. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WELLER, alias 
WHEELER





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of November
, 1 great coat, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Weller
               




            .
GEORGE WELLER. I am a coachman
, and live in Mr. Gray's yard. The prisoner is my own brother. On the 13th of November I had occasion to go out at four o'clock, and did not return till four in the morning; my child gave me information, and I missed the coat from where it had hung when I left it - the prisoner did not live in the family, and I had not sent him for it; I have not spoken to him these four months.


                  MARY 
                  ANN WELLER
               



            . I am the daughter of George Weller. I shall be nine years of age in January - my uncle came and asked if my father was at home - I said he was gone out - he asked if my mother was at home - I said No - he said he saw my father go into the yard with a gig; he then went away, and came again and knocked at the door as hard as he could, and rang the bell, and said my father wanted his great coat, as he was going out with a chariot; I said my father was gone out post - he said his job was altered - he was going out with a chairot - he then ran up stairs, took the coat, and ran down.


                  JOHN 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I received information, and took the prisoner on the Friday following; I asked if he knew any thing about a robbery at Mr. Gray's - I did not then know it was his brother; he laughed at me, and said, "Now I shall go to Newgate again for it, but I don't care; I shall get over it." I found three duplicates on him, but none relating to this coat; I then went down to Mr. Gray's, and found it was his brother.
Prisoner's Defence. I am not guilty of the charge - the words were put into the child's month at the office.


                  JOHN 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I did not say a word to her - the coat has not been found.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
