






1252. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NORTH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CRAWLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of May
, 1 watch, value 5l., and 2 watch-keys, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Clarkson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN CLARKSON. On the 11th of May I had been dining out, and walked from Stoke Newington


 to Kingsland


 - it was then three or four o'clock in the morning; I was not perfectly sober, but I was sensible; I had a dog with me, and I missed him for a few moments; I then saw him near the door of a house; I went in and found the dog without his collar; North took the watch from my pocket and threw it behind; I have seen one key since, but not the watch.
Prisoner CRAWLEY. Q. Did you not have your watch again? A. Yes; I took it up and put it into my pocket again, in the same house where I went in for my dog; there were one or two persons there, and I went in and treated them with drink - I was rather drowsy; there was a blue ribbon to my watch - I lost it afterwards.
Prisoner NORTH. Q.Did you not let me have the watch to look at? A. No.
BENJAMIN PHILLIPS. I was fetched to the King's Arms public-house to lock up a disorderly man - I saw the prosecutor, a woman, and the two prisoners; I took the woman out at five o'clock in the morning to the watch-house; I then went in sight of the house on duty, it being market morning; I saw the prosecutor came out in about three-quarters of an hour; I saw his watch-ribbon; he then went into the house again; after that he came out again, and said he had been robbed: I went and told two other officers because I could not go in myself; the prisoners were gone from the house, but they were taken afterwards.
JOHN GATES. I am landlord of the King's Arms. I saw the prosecutor come in soon after four o'clock, with a female and a dog; the two prisoners came in afterwards - the woman was very noisy, and was taken away; the watch was afterwards found on the ground, and was picked up again - after that the prosecutor and the two prisoners had some beer; there was a deal of conversation about the watch: about half-past five o'clock they all went and sat down on a seat in front of the bar - the prosecutor went to sleep, and North appeared to be asleep too; Crawley stood up with a pint pot in his hand - I went into a small room where there was a glass over the fireplace - I heard a rushing, and looked into the glass; I saw Crawley running out of the house - North rolled over the prosecutor, and went out; I went to the prosecutor, shook him, and asked what he had lost - he said his watch; there was no other person there at that time but a female, who had come from the country.


                  RICHARD 
                  MILLAN
               



            . I am a constable. Phillips informed me a gentleman had been robbed, and that Crawley and North were suspected - I went and found them at another public-house together; North appeared in liquor I found these two keys on Crawley.


                  JAMES 
                  TERRY
               



            . I went with Millan to the Coach and Horses public-house, and took Crawley; he said he had some property of his friend's - it was this watch.


                  JOHN 
                  CLARKSON
               



            . These are my keys.
CRAWLEY'S Defence. North told me he bought these two keys as he came from the country, and he said he must have made an exchange, as he had lost his own keys; the prosecutor went to sleep in the public-house, and for safety I took his watch from him.
NORTH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
CRAWLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Life
            .
