













Second Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Justice Burrough.
1374. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CASEY
               




            , 
               
                  TIMOTHY 
                  COCHRANE
               



            , 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BARRY
               



            , 
               
                  CORNELIUS 
                  BARRY
               



            , 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SHEA
               



            , 
               
                  JEREMIAH 
                  MURRAY
               



            , 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HAYES
               



            , 
               
                  DENNIS 
                  BURKE
               



            , and 
               
                  TIMOTHY 
                  CONNOR
               



            , were indicted for the 


               wilful murder of 
                     
                        John 
                        Eales, alias 
Long John





.


                  HENRY 
                  RUCKLEY
               



            . I am groom to Mr. Elmore, of Duke-street, Manchester-square. On the 29th of June I was sent to Mr. Reed's, a farmer, near Harrow


; I was there about half-past ten o'clock at night, and heard a great riot - I heard the voices of several persons abusing each other: I ran to the spot, and in the way met several persons coming back; it was very dark - when I got to the spot the first thing I saw was the prisoner Casey striking Long John, with a black-thorn stick, across the shoulder; the stick was rather thicker than my thumb - the blow knocked him down on the ground; Casey instantly fell on his knees on him, and beat him about the head very much, with the stick; the blood poured out of Long John's forehead very much - he gave him about three blows on the head when he was down - he tried very hard to get up, but it was of no use, he could not: I went and pulled Casey off him - Long John then got up, and was pulling his clothes off to fight Casey; he said if assistance was given him to get his clothes off he would fight him: they had a round or two, and then the others came up.
Q. Was the fight fair? A. No - Casey struck with a stick, and John had nothing but his fist; I cried out that it was not fair, and then all these others came up - they fought for an hour or better before the others came up.
Q. What, before the others came up? A. They were so long between the rounds; the stick continued in Casey's hands all the time, but after about three blows were struck on John's head with the stick, it was lost; he cut him very much about the forehead with the stick, and after that the fight was fair: after fighting about an hour the others came up, and Long John was struck by Casey across the loins, with a hay-fork, which the others had brought up; one for him, and the others for themselves; some brought hayforks, and some sticks; they came from Mr. Reed's barn, which is about two hundred yards off; Long John was standing on his legs when Casey struck him across the loins with the fork; the blow knocked him down, and he never moved hand or foot after that blow.
Q. At that time none of the others had done anything? A. No; I did not see whether one of them gave him the fork, or whether he took it himself; we were all obliged to run away then, for they all ran after us with their forks - Casey followed with the rest: Long John remained on the ground: I, and a person who was with me, ran into my mother's house - we returned to the spot in about twenty minutes, and found only the body there; Bell and a woman stood looking at it; Long John was not quite dead - he drew his last breath after we got there, as we were carrying him to a house; he did not speak, but appeared to be alive: the blood was running down his nose; he made a noise with his nose; we found some forks about, which we have brought here. The prisoners were all hay-makers at Mr. Reed's. I took the body to the Green Man public-house, which is about ten yards from where it began - he was dead then.
Cross-examined by MR. J. ALLEY. Q. It was very dark? A. Yes, but I could distinctly see every thing that was done; I could see it was a black-thorn stick: I believe they had been fighting before I came up; the deceased was a stranger to me - I took no part in the fight; I had an elm walking-stick in my hand - my feet were blistered, as I had been driving a cart, which I am not used to - I could scarcely walk on my toes.
Q. Did you strike Casey? A. They ran at us, and as I ran I struck him on the knuckles - that was all; I did not see Casey knocked down by any one; the witnesses Nix and Arnold were knocked down while Casey and John were fighting: Barry and Hayes knocked them down- when I assisted to pull Casey off I put my stick back,and struck him on the knuckles as I ran away, to prevent the fork from coming into me; none of us fought with them; they could get the pitch-forks from the barn in two minutes; before we could turn round they were on us again.


                  RICHARD 
                  ARNOLD
               



            . I am a labourer, and work for Mr. Reed. I was at the back door of the Green Man on the night in question; Long John went out at the back door: his woman was with him - a number of Irishmen came out after him; one of them spoke to him out at the door - they seemed quarrelling, but what it was about, or what he said, I cannot say; Casey lifted up his fist, and knocked Long John down, without saying any more - Long John then called out for help, to get the man off; I went to him, and saw these men beating him when he was down, and I assisted him: Casey was beating him - I cannot speak to the others; he laid on the ground - Casey and some others were beating him; I was in the scuffle about ten minutes, and then had a fork run into my cheek and under my chin - I was then struck down with a blow on my head, from a fork, and was senseless.
Q. How many persons were there? A. I cannot say - they were all fighting one among another, but after that I saw nothing more; Long John and the rest of the Englishmen were fighting with the Irishmen, for their lives - this happened near the trees, about twenty yards from the house.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. You work at Reed's? A. Yes - another Mr. Reed is the prisoners' employer. When the row began there was not above five men, but more came afterwards; Casey spoke to the deceased before he struck him; whether it was in anger or not I cannot say - I cannot swear that anybody but Casey struck him - he was a tall strong man; we fought for our lives, and struggled to get away as well as we could.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  REEVES
               



            . I am a hay-maker, and lived with Long John for eight years. I was in the tap-room of the Green Man with him - the prisoners were up in the clubroom; they did not seem to be in liquor - he was sober; he went out about half-past ten o'clock, for a certain purpose - I went after him, and just as I got to the door I saw Casey knock him down; I heard no words between them- I got up to go out as soon as he got up, and when I got to the door I saw Casey knock him down; he got up, and immediately struck Casey again - four men then came out to assist Casey; he assisted himself as well as he could, and when they got a little distance they all came up with forks.
Q. Was there nobody to assist John? A. Only the two who got hurt; all the rest ran away; Casey's wife and Muiray were two of the four, and one is not taken; they would not let him get up any more.
Q. A witness has said they fought for an hour before the forks came? A. No - there was a great skirmish, but not for so long as that; I was close to them - they tried to beat John, but as he was very strong they could not, till they got the forks; these men then fell on him. knocked him down, with the forks, and beat him as long as they could; Casey and his wife then got on him, and stamped on him; he lived for half an hour after that; Casey and the other two men struck him with forks - the fork struck him in the eye - I saw the whole of it; there was no fighting for an hour, nor any stopping between the bouts - Casey went away for half an hour, returned with a scythe and fork, and said to me, "Is he dead?" I said he was dead, but he was not - Casey said, "If he is not dead, I am come to kill him with a scythe and fork;" nobody but me was there then - he made towards the body, but a man came from the other side of the hedge to assist me, and so he went away without touching the body.
Q. How long might it last altogether? A. I suppose an hour, the skirmish with the fork and all; before he was dead.
Cross-examined by MR. J. ALLEY. Q. You have cohabited with the deceased eight years? A. Yes - there were four of us in the public-house; we had two pots of beer - we were there about an hour and a half: I did not say at the office that I had been there five hours; the deceased was quite sober - two others shared the beer with us; there was no quarrelling in the house: the prisoners were not in the tap-roop; I went out directly after John, to get him to go home; he knocked Casey down after Casey had knocked him down - there were five of them down; the deceased was very violent on this occasion - his right name was John Eales; we had been down there about three weeks - we went to hay-making; I saw John Nix strike a man with a stick, but I kept by my own man; the witnesses helped John all they could, when they tried to get him down.
Q. There was a general row and scuffle, after the quarrel between the deceased and Casey? A. Yes - there were four on our side, and, I suppose, fourteen on the other - some others were on the other side of the hedge, but not with us; I do not exactly know how many there were on our side.
MR. BARRY to RICHARD ARNOLD. Q. You saw Casey strike the deceased near the public-house? A. Yes, and he got on him as soon as he was down; Rackley was not there till I was beat out of my senses - I did not see him: I was wounded in the chin in less than ten minutes.


                  JAMES 
                  BELL
               



            . I am carter to Mr. Gray. I was not at this fight, but got up just after, and was taking the deceased off the ground, when Casey came up, and asked who I was; he said he would kill me - I said, "I hope not John;" he said, "Who are you?" he came and looked at me, and said, "You are Gray's carter - is the man dead? if he is not I will kill him quite;" this was about eleven o'clock - I gave him good words, and he went away; I went with him a little way.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Were you alone? A. No; the woman was with me; I had seen no part of the transaction.
Cross-examined by MR. J. ALLEY. Q. Was he dead when Casey said he would kill him? A. Not quite; Casey spoke in a violent manner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I was in the Green Man publichouse about twenty minutes or half-past ten o'clock; I saw the deceased and Arnold go out of the house - they went across to where there were some lrishmen and women, who appeared to be quarrelling; there seemed an uproar - I could not hear what passed - I said there was a fight, and ran over - the deceased was then stripped, and fighting with Casey, with his fist; just as I got up they were both down; the men there got them up again, and almost immediately they were down again - they were stillfighting with their fists; they continued to fight fair for five or ten minutes, but when some more Irishmen came running up the road, and threw stones over the hedge, where I and several young men were standing - I said it was time to run away; I ran to the house, and asked the landlord to let me in.
Cross-examined by MR. J. ALLEY. Q. You heard an uproar before you saw them fighting? A. Yes; the deceased was stripped, and I think Casey was not stripped, but I was so confused I did not notice; I did not see the beginning, and cannot say who struck first; Casey would not let the man go when he was on the ground - they were pulled away by somebody; both seemed irritated: the deceased seemed to want to fight fair - Nix and Arnold were there; I cannot say whether they interfered; I saw nobody with sticks; but I returned a second time from the public-house, and then saw Lacey with a fork or scythe.


                  JOHN 
                  NIX
               



            . I am a shoemaker. I went to the Green Man; the landlord would not draw me any beer: I was returning to my lodging, and on the green, very near the Green Man I saw two men stripping, as I thought, to fight - I saw the deceased knocked down by Casey; I cannot say what he did it with - it appeared to be with something, not his fist; I had a stick in my hand, being a cripple - I immediately went up to the spot; several men were there - I cannot say who: I interfered with my stick; I had not been long among them before I got a severe cut over the eye, and two stabs underneath; I saw no more pass - I was fighting in among them with my stick, trying to rescue the deceased; I fought till I fell into a ditch, being blinded with the blood, which flowed from one eye into the other.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Were you perfectly sober? A. Perfectly; I saw Rattle with a stick; I did not see them strip - I did not get up to them when it first began; I did not see Bell till the deceased was picked up - his (the deceased's) coat and waistcoat were off.
COURT. Q. You could not see what passed after you were in the ditch? A. I got my eye bound up, then armed myself, and went to pick the deceased man up.


                  STEPHEN 
                  LACEY
               



            . The first I saw of this was the Irishmen throwing stones at the Englishmen, at the Green Man - we then followed them down the lane a few steps, and met the Irish with their forks and things; the deceased was stripped - I saw Casey take a fork and beat him down for dead with it; they had been fighting before that - I received a blow on my head from some of them, and went away; I afterwards saw them bring the dead body away.
Cross-examined by MR. J. ALLEY. Q. Had you not seen them fighting before Casey knocked him down? A. No: I did not fight - I kept them off from the poor man as well as I could, with my hands; I did not knock anybody down - I tried to do it; I was there about a quarter of an hour: there was not a general battle; I saw the Irish with forks - I did not see the deceased's party strike the prisoners; I saw the prisoners strike them repeatedly - they did not return the blows; I never saw the deceased before: I had lived there about three weeks, and came from High Wycombe; I never heard the deceased called the fighting man; there were about six English and fourteen Irishmen- I did not see the whole of the fight.


                  JAMES 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I am a labourer. I saw Casey strike the deceased several times, and saw him strike him with his fist when he was down; I left them, and did not see him get up: I had not seen the quarrel.


                  JOHN 
                  ISHWIN
               



            . I was at the public-house. I went home, and after that heard a noise and went out; I saw the deceased and Casey fighting with their fists - they fought till they got through the hedge; I stopped till the Irish came up the lane, and then ran away - the deceased and Casey fought several rounds, up and down with their fists; I saw no stick in Casey's hands.


                  JOHN 
                  STREET
               



            . After this fight I heard a great noise in the barn; I saw Casey come down towards Mr. Reed's after the man was killed - he was stripped, and had a scythe in one hand and a stick in the other; he said there was one man dead, if not two; and if any man attempted to take his weapons away he would destroy him - I saw nothing of the fight.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Are not the scythes and things kept at his master's? A. Yes, I suppose so.


                  JAMES 
                  TROWER
               



            . I am a horse-patrol. I met Casey in a lane on this night - he would not surrender: I threatened him, and he threatened to knock me off my horse, and attempted to strike me - I followed him across two fields, and found him in a ditch; he was very obstreperous - he had a fustian jacket on, and a stick in his hand.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PUTNAM
               



            . I am a labourer. I was going by the Green Man - Casey had got the deceased down, and two more were scuffling about with him; I cannot say who they were; some others stood in the road - they ran down and said, "Let us go after a fork;" I saw them come back, and then ran home.


                  JOHN 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I was in Mr. Reed's field, and heard a row in the barn among the Irishmen - they were quarrelling and fighting among themselves; I stopped there about ten minutes, and then returned to the field - I came back, saw the patrol, and told him Casey was coming down.


                  DANIEL 
                  BOWEN
               



            . I am a surgeon. On the 30th of June, at one o'clock in the morning, I saw the deceased lying on a board in a stable quite dead; he had been very much beat about the face - the bruises were very considerable; there were two incised wounds on the upper lip and one in the under lip - that appeared a contused wound; the lower jaw was fractured - his month was full of blood, and there were punctures with a fork in his left shoulder and considerable bruises about the chest: on opening the scalp a great quantity of blood flowed out, and on opening the skull ten or twelve ounces of blood flowed; there was a considerable wound in the left eye, about two inches long, on the orbit ridge; I consider the suffusion of blood on the brain must have been the cause of his death; a blow on the loins might have brought on paralysis no doubt.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. It is your opinion that he died from the suffusion of blood on the brain? A. Yes; he appeared to have been knocked about by very heavy weapons; I think the wounds on the lip were caused by the prongs of a fork - I cannot say whether the blow in the eye was caused by a stick or a fall.

The prisoner Casey handed in the following statement: -
My Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury, - I and my fellow prisoners were employed by Mr. Reed, a farmer, of Harrow, at hay-making, for some time back. On the 14th of June last, before this business happened, the party of the deceased came up to the barn, which Mr. Reed allowed myself and my fellow prisoners to sleep in, and threw stones and brick-bats into the barn, and threatened to kill us. On the night in question, which was Sunday, I was at the Green Man; the deceased was there, and struck me first - he gave me a violent blow, and knocked me down; he also knocked Burke down, and beat him when down. After the deceased struck me I returned the blow; I then retired from the fight; the deceased renewed the fight - he ran over to where I was, and struck me a second time, upon which I instantly seized a pitch-fork, which laid in my way, and which I had used the day before, in hay-making, and I struck Long John with it: my fellow prisoners and myself were first struck by the deceased and his party, and a general scuffle then followed; I and my fellow prisoners were knocked down many times, and much cut by pitch-forks, which the deceased and his party struck us with. I declare, before God and my country, I had no intention to kill any one; I was almost cut to pieces by the deceased and his party.


                  ABBEY 
                  BROWN
               



            . I live at Harrow and was at the Green Man between nine and ten o'clock; when the row began; the deceased asked Dennis Burke for a drink of beer - he said he was welcome; the deceased then said "You Irish b-r, your beer I don't want, but I want to fight and have blood;" Burke said "I don't want to fight;" this was in the yard - he came out into the yard; I saw Long John knock Burke down and strike him when he was down, and saw him strike Casey; I had been in the house two hours - there were no words between them till they were coming out to go home; Casey did not strike him first - I swear John struck him first - the women and the Irish then ran down to Reed's barn, and the English came after them; the forks were kept in the barn: master used to give them forks and fire-arms. When the deceased struck Casey, his wife begged of him not to kill him (Casey.)


                  MARY 
                  McCARTHY
               



            . I am thirteen years old. I went to the Green Man about nine o'clock for some beer for my mother; I saw Burke and Long John there - they were all coming out; John said to Burke "Master will you give me a drink of beer?" Burke said "Yes, in welcome, or if it was better;" John said "No you b-r I shan't have your beer, I want to fight, I will have fight or blood;" he then took and hit Burke - he ran over and hit Casey; I am sure he hit Casey before Casey hit him.
JOHN REED. I am a farmer and live at Wembley, near Harrow - five or six of the prisoners have worked for me for the last seven years, and the others are occasional workmen; I gave them a barn near the Green Man to sleep in; the hay forks were kept there, but no scythes - they never disturbed anybody, but have frequently been disturbed and assaulted at night with stones and brick-bats.
CASEY - GUILTY. Aged 31.
Of 


               manslaughter only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
COCHRANE and others 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
