





1504. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     POWIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of October
, forty yards of fearnaught, value 4 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Deacon
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Deacon
                  



               
             the younger.


                  DANIEL 
                  DEACON
               



            , JUN. I am in partnership with my father, 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Deacon
               



             - we are carriers

 at the White Horse, Cripplegate. This property was in our possession.


                  JOHN 
                  HINCKLIFF
               



            . I am porter to the prosecutors; I had the waggon. I had thirty-one pieces of fearnaught; they came from the country. I was going to unload them at Sparrow-corner, and was stopping at a house out of the rain, when a person came and said a piece was taken from the waggon. I ran out and saw the prisoner about sixty yards from the waggon, with a piece on his shoulder. I came up to him in Queen-street, Rosemary-lane - he was not running; I stopped him there with it. It measured fifty yards. I said,
"You rogue, you have robbed me" - he said,
"I have not," and threw it down; and struck me in the mouth. I kept hold of him.
Prisoner. Q. Did it happen in Sparrow-corner - A. They call it so. It was at Mr. Clarke's back door.


                  HENRY 
                  HALES
               



            . I am a constable. I took charge of him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  BISSETT
               



            . I am a constable of Tower Ward. I was passing by the Hoop and Horse Shoe, public-house, at the bottom of Queen-street, and observed the prisoner drop the property from his shoulder, and strike the waggoner, who held him. I assisted in securing him.
MR. WONTNER. The back part of Mr. Clarke's house is in Middlesex, to the best of my belief. Queen-street is in the County.
Prisoner's Defence. A gentleman on Tower-hill askedme to carry it to Rosemary-lane for 1 s. This man claimed it. I saw he was not the person who delivered it, so I struck him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
