






1271. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  GENT
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  SCOTT
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of June
, 2 blankets, value 2s.; 1 sheet, value 6d., and 1 quilt, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Emma 
                  Abbott
               




            , widow
.
EMMA ABBOTT. I am a widow, and lodge in a front room, on the first floor, in Rose-lane, Spitalfields


. On the 9th of June I went into another lodger's room; I had not gone to bed - I left my room door open, and a light there- I returned in a quarter of an hour, and missed two blankets, a sheet, and a quilt, which were safe when I left the room - I went down, and found the watchman in the passage with them.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  HUBBARD
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 9th ofJune, at half-past one o'clock, I saw two men come out of the prosecutrix's passage; I believe it was the prisoners; they had nothing with them - they were dressed as the prisoners are, in black coats, and one of them had a light waistcoat; I went into the passage, and saw these articles - I left them there, and went to the corner, to look after them; I saw the prisoners brought to the watch-house just before two o'clock, and I believe they are the men who came out of the passage.


                  JOHN 
                  CLAYTON
               



            . I am a weaver, and live in Moorfields. On the morning of the 9th of June the two prisoners passed me and Mr. Almond - one of them came back to the other, and pulled his hat over his eyes; I stooped down: there was a gas-light, so that I had a good view of their features; I had known them by sight before - this was about forty yards from Rose-lane; Hubbard then came, and asked if two men had passed that way; we listened for a moment, and heard them running across the way; Almond spoke to one of them, and he said he was going home, but he ran off in a different direction; we ran different ways, and Almond took them in Whitechapel-road; Gent said at the watch-house, "I only did it out of a lark - I hope you won't lock me up" - Scott said nothing.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALMOND
               



            . I was with Glayton in Wentworth-street, near Rose-lane, on the 9th of June, between one and two o'clock in the morning; I saw the two prisoners running - Gent was first; I asked if they were going to bed; the watchman called soon afterwards; I ran one way, and Clayton another: we secured them. When we got to the watch-house the watchman said they were the two men who had taken the blankets; they made no reply, but, when the prosecutrix looked at the things, Gent said they only did it for a lark.
GENT'S Defence. I know a young body in the house, and happened to go into the prosecutrix's room; I took the things off the bed, and put them on the stairs - I said"She will find them now." I went away, but did not run.
SCOTT'S Defence. I was coming from the Theatre, and met the other prisoner; we went to the night house, had something to drink, and then Mr. Almond came and took us.
JURY to Mrs. ABBOTT. Q. Was the bed made ready for you to go to bed? A. Yes; and the things were found rolled up in the passage. The prisoners are not known at our house.
GENT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
SCOTT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
