





720. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     COOK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, one quilt, value 2 s.; one jacket, value 6 d.; one sheet, value 9 d., and one hammock, value 3 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Parker
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Parker
               



            , who lives in Pye Horse-court, Gray's Inn-lane


, and is a seaman
. On Sunday evening, the 21st of May, I missed these things from our lodgings; about an hour after I took the officer to the prisoner's lodgings, and found them all there. I knew her before. She had been to my house about half-past ten o'clock, with a man named Thunnell, and went up stairs - I saw all the things safe after they left. She is a girl of the town. I went out for about half an hour, and when I returned I missed them.


                  THOMAS 
                  REPPETT
               



            . I am a watchman of Gray's Inn-lane. Between twelve and one o'clock on Monday morning, the prosecutrix said she had been robbed - the prisoner stood at the end of the court - the prosecutrix said nobody but her and Thunnell had been in the house; we asked the prisoner where Thunnell lodged - she said he was an honest man, and refused to tell us. She advised the prosecutrix to have every house in the court searched; the prisoner was going away, I detained her; she afterwards shut herself in her mother's house, where she lived, in the same court. I got an officer, and found the things on the first floor there, and found the prisoner on the second floor, lying on the bed - she pretended to be asleep. We were obliged to carry her down stairs.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . I went and found the propertystated in the indictment, and the prisoner at her mother's house, where she lived.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
