






300. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HAYDON
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  FIELD
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of December
, four live lame geese, price 10 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Odle
               




            .
SAMUEL ODLE. I live at Enfield


, and am a labourer
. I kept my geese on the road by day, but they were locked up in a shed at night. I saw them safe on Monday morning, the 27th of December, about six o'clock; they were locked up on Monday night by my wife - I was not at home - she went out at a quarter after nine; we returned together about ten, and found the shed open, and the geese gone; I saw them next morning in a sack - they had been killed. The prisoners came by my housetogether, about five o'clock next morning, and I had them taken up on suspicion; one of them lived next door to the other, just by; the geese might be worth about 10 s. - they were store geese - I know them to be mine.


                  FRANCIS 
                  EWINGTON
               



            . - I saw the two prisoners in the act of taking the geese; I tried to stop them but they went another way. I saw Field outside the shed - I was looking out at my garret window, and saw Haydon getting over the hedge with a bag; I saw him by the light which came from my window; I could see them both very well - I told Odle of it, and he desired me to stop them, which I did next morning; they had bid the bag in a hedge in a field just by - they told the constable where it was.
JOHN MEAD. I am a constable. I apprehended the two prisoners, and found the bag in a field behind their house. Field told me he came out of Kent; I told him he had better have staid there than come and steal at Enfield. He at first denied it, but afterwards said he should not have done it if it had not been for Haydon, and then told me where the bag was.
HAYDON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FIELD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Confined One Year
             and 



               Publicly Whipped
            .
