





1164. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SQUIRES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        Jacob Mortimer 
                        Morgan
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JACOB 
               
                  MORTIMER 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I live on Ludgate-bill, and am a woollen-draper
. On the 12th of May I was at the corner of Wood-street, Cheapside


, about nine o'clock - I was returning home - I felt a hand at my pocket, turned round, and saw the prisoner close to me, alone; I walked on a few yards, then felt and missed my handkerchief -I returned and saw the prisoner walking out of the crowd; there is a print-shop there, and I had been stopping to look at it - I went and asked him for my handkerchief; he said he had not got it - I told him I would take him to an officer and search him; he said he would come - I took him a short way on, when Mr. Hellaby called after me, and said he had thrown the handkerchief from his person into a passage - I took him back to the passage and found it there; I knew it to be mine by the pattern and appearance.


                  RICHARD 
                  HELLABY
               



            . I am a silk-manufacterer, and live at No. 10, Goldsmith-street. On the 12th of May I saw the prisoner and Mr. Morgan coming from Wood-street towards Gutter-lane; I saw the prisoner stop and turn himself towards the passage No. 13, and throw the handkerchief behind him - I ran, and called them back to show them where it was; he was secured - I laid hold hold of him, and a scuffle ensued.
THOMAS KIRBY. I received him in charge; he said nothing.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
