





2099. 
               
                  STILMAN 
                  WHITE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of October
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 1 seal, value 10s.; 2 watch-keys, value 2s., and 2 other keys, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Dods
               




            .
JAMES DODS. I am steward of the Lord Melville
 - she was lying off Irongate wharf, at the Tower


, on the 6th of October; my mate brought a friend on board, and the prisoner came with him; my watch was at the foot of the bed in the state-room - they went about the vessel, to see the accommodation, and went into the state-room; they then went away - the mate and his friend afterwards returned, but not the prisoner: I did not miss my watch till they had left the second time - I went after them, and saw them all; they came back to the ship - the mate and his friend stripped; the prisoner very reluctantly pulled off his jacket and waistcoat - he said it was of no use for him to strip, as he had not got it; the watch was not found at that time: they went on shore again, and in the evening I went and received the watch from the mate, at a public-house.


                  JAMES 
                  LANNEY
               



            . I am the mate. On the 6th of October a friend came on board the ship - the prisoner came with him, and appeared as an acquaintance; I showed them the vessel, but did not go into the state-room with them - I stood outside; the witness told me he had lost his watch, and we all stripped - the prisoner said there was no occasion for him to strip, he had not got it; we then went on shore, and had some beer at a public-house - as we were coming away the prisoner put his hand into his pocket, and drew it out again - I saw the two seals, and said they were the steward's seals; I asked him for the watch, but he would not give it to me; I said I would call the watchman - the prisoner dropped the watch in the passage, and the landlord took it up.


                  GEORGE 
                  BRYSON
               



            . I keep the Inverness Arms public-house. I picked up the watch in my passage, between the parlour and the tap-room; the prisoner had been on that spot just before.


                  ROBERT 
                  HENRY BURGESS
               



            . I am the officer, and took the prisoner; he said he would give anything if I would let him go.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it; I had not the watch in my possession; it was taken into the public-house by some other person.
COURT to JAMES LANNEY. Q. Did you see the seals? A. Yes - he drew them just out of his pocket with his hand; I asked to look at it, and he would not let me: I went out at the door - he followed me, and dropped it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
