





TWENTY-FIRST DAY, FRIDAY, MAY 5.
522. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  NEW
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of March
, 260 lbs. of liquorice-root, value 6 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Moore
                  




               
            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  DIXON
               



            . I live with Messrs. Dixon and Co. in Covent-garden. On the 16th of March, about eleven or twelve o'clock in the morning, the prisoner brought a sample of liquorice-root, and offered it for sale - he said he had about two hundred weight at 50 s. a hundred. I asked him where he brought it from? he said from Norwood, near the Jolly Sailor, and that his name was 
               
                  John 
                  Saunders
               



            , or some name very similar to that. I knew they did not grow liquorice there. After sometime we said we would take it - he was to bring it on the Saturday following, the 18th. After he left I went, made enquiry, and had a police-officer in waiting. On Saturday morning he came between eight and nine o'clock, with the liquorice in a cart, which had the name of
"Stone, Mitcham," on it - we gave him in charge. The liquorice was weighed. Mr. Butler came and saw it at our place.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. He produced it publicly - A. Yes. He said he grew it himself. When he was taken he did not say Armstrong employed him to sell it. It is of that sort called runners, and only fit to grow again, and is never sold.


                  JAMES 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am an herbalist in Covent-garden. On the 16th of March the prisoner called on me, said he had two hundred weight of liquorice to dispose of, and would take 50 s. per hundred. He said he grew it himself at Norwood, and had a little more in the ground. He produced a sample, and said being short of money he would take 10 s. less. I had my suspicious, and declined buying it. On the Saturday following I saw it at Dixon's, and directly knew it to be Mr. Moore's, of Mitcham. It was tied with pitched string. I knew he always tied his that way, and from its general appearance I knew it to be his. It is worth 60 s. a hundred weight.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know Mr. Moore grew liquorice - A. Yes, I have bought a quantity of him. I speak to its being his more from the root itself than the mode of tying it - there is a vast difference in the growth. I do not know that Overton is a grower - he has ran away. I am sure the prisoner said he grew it himself at Norwood.


                  GEORGE 
                  STONE
               



            . I live at Mitcham. On the 18th of March the prisoner applied to me to lend him a cart, and said he wanted to fetch some things for his wife, and boxes from Clapham.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know the prisoner worked for Armstrong - A. Never. I knew Overton had about two acres of ground, and have seen some liquorice-root in it, but it was a very small young root, and what they call runners. I have heard he has run away. I never saw Armstrong and the prisoner together.
COURT. Q. Do you know much about liquorice-root - A. Very little. That which grows on Mr. Moore's ground is very different from runners. They are too young to bring to market.


                  JAMES 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am a grower of liquorice-root
 at Mitcham


. The prisoner had lived servant
 with me many years, and so had his father and all the family. The prisoner had been discharged several months before the robbery, but some of the family are still with me. In the month of March I had many tons of liquorice-root in the store-house fit for sale. On the 19th of March I heard of the robbery, looked at my store, and perceived some was gone - I thought 4 cwt. was gone. I had sold none after the 15th. I saw the liquorice at Dixon's, and have no hesitation in saying it is mine - it is four years old, and I never heard of any grower growing it four years, except myself - two or three years is the common time. Runners are what the root is propagated from - they are not fit for consumption, except to plant, and are very seldom sold.
Q. Did the prisoner continue to live at Mitcham - A. He lived nearly opposite to me, and was in my house that day; he came backwards and forwards almost every day. I sold the liquorice for 60 s. or 70 s. per cwt. It was kept in a bed of earth near my house, about five inches deep.
Cross-examined. Q. Is your bailiff here - A. No, not on behalf of the prosecution - I took the prisoner up myself. He is in Court. I can swear to the liquorice, to the materials with which it is tied, and the colour of the soil. I have seen every crop in England, and never saw any like my own - it has a whiter hue than any other; it is grown in a marly soil.
COURT. Q. Had Armstrong any ground at Mitcham - A. Yes; he shewed me all his crop the day before he absconded - it was by no means fit for market, and his soil is quite different from mine; it is as different from mine as it can be. His was only two years' growth - he had been there but two years.


                  GEORGE 
                  BIRD
               



            . I am now steward to the prosecutor, and have no hesitation in saying this liquorice was grown by him - it is nothing like runners.



                  LEWIS 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. I took the prisoner into custody on Saturday morning, he gave me the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Sanders
               



            , and in about half an hour afterwards he said his name was New, and that he brought the liquorice-root from his master's, who lived at Mitcham. When I first took him he said he had it from Norwood, and that he lived there.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say he came from his master, Mr. Anderson, of Mitcham - A. Yes, and he said his master would come and prove what he said.
Prisoner's Defence. When a man is hired, is he not to obey his master's orders? He sent me with the property, and told me to give a false name to the people as he was in distress, and I did so. He told me to say it was grown at Norwood. I took it to Dixon's shop, and after it was weighed two officers came in and said it was stolen. I said,
"If you think so take me into custody." I was examined four times, and they would not let me speak once. I do not call this shewing a prisoner justice.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
