





Before Mr. Justice Park.
2012. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BAYSE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of October
, at St. John, at Hampstead


, 15 spoons, value 15l.; 4 forks, value 3l.; 2 ladles, value 30s.; and 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Andrew 
                        Robertson
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Andrew Robertson, of Hampstead. On the 4th of October, about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, I went up stairs, leaving a pair of silver sugar-tongs, a tea-spoon, and desert-spoon, on the kitchen-dresser; the rest of the plate was in a basket, which stood by the corner of the dresser; there was a dozen silver forks, a dozen table-spoons, ten desert, and two gravy-spoons, all silver; there is a door leading from the garden into the back kitchen. I came down, and on opening the back kitchen door, to go into the garden to shake the carpets, I saw a roll of pencils; I picked them up, and on going up the steps I saw the plate-basket, which I had left in the kitchen, standing on the steps, and the plate stated in the indictment was gone - the back door was only latched - the back and front garden are one; there is an area behind the street door. -I found all the plate at the Mansion House on the 9th of October.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. How long before you went up stairs had you counted the plate? A. I counted it the last thing the night before - I took it up stairs with me, and brought it down in the morning, but did not again count it; I had been up stairs about a quarter of an hour. I was the only servant in the house; the family were in town; my brother called on me last Sunday - that is the only friend I have had there. Any one acquainted with the house might have come in - I never saw the prisoner till he was in custody.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. On Thursday, the 4th of October, about one o'clock in the day, I was coming out of Petticoat-lane, towards Bishopsgate-street, and saw the prisoner and another person on the opposite side - the prisoner crossed, and turned into a public-house - I laid hold of the other man at the door of the public-house, and gave him in charge; I then went through the public-house into a back wash-house, and found the prisoner coming out of the wash-house door; I said, "What have you got about you?" I opened his waistcoat, and the handle of the gravy-spoon was in his fob, with the bowl up, between his waistcoat and shirt, and on looking round, on a heap of saw-dust in the wash-house, I found this bundle, containing the rest of the plate; he at first denied all knowledge of the bundle, but afterwards said he picked it up in Old-street-road.
Cross-examined. Q. The other man is not in custody? A. No - the Magistrate discharged him; I am sure he did not at first say he had found it.
Q. It would be very foolish to expose plate in Petticoat-lane, would it not? A. I should think so.
MR. ANDREW ROBERTSON. I live at Downshire-hill


; I do not know the name of the parish. I know this plate to be mine - it is worth more than 5l.
Cross-examined. Q. Has there been any attempt to erase the marks? A. No - the ladles never were marked.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in Old-street-road about half-past twelve o'clock; I had occasion to go into a building, and picked up this property.




               GUILTY. Aged 25. Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
