






2046. 
               
                  FREDERICK JUSTICE 
                  LATHAM
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzling on the 15th of September

, five 20l., seven 10l. Bank notes, and three sovereigns, which he had received on account of Jacob Warner and others, his masters, by whom he was entrusted to receive monies
            ; and 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  SINGLETON
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said notes, well-knowing them to have been stolen
            .
TWO OTHER COUNTS, charging Frederick Justice Latham with stealing the same, and Charles Singleton with receiving.
MESSRS. BRODRICK and LAW conducted the prosecution.
MR. 
               
                  REDETON 
                  WARNER
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  Jacob 
                  Warner
               



             and others - we are wholesale grocers

, and live in Rood-lane. Latham was employed in our service, as clerk
, or servant - in that capacity he occasionally received monies on our account; he, with others, had access to the cash - if we had occasion, we kept a considerable sum of money by us, but our usual habit was to pay our Bank notes into the Bank before three o'clock on the day we received them; the prisoner was employed in paying deposits on sugars, and clearing the duties; we were in the habit of balancing our cash every night - here is the waste-book, in which the prisoner made entries; when we are about to clear sugars, it is our usual course for the clerk to take the money to the custom-house to clear the duties - here is an entry on the 15th of September, in Latham's writing in the waste-book - in which he states the sum necessary to clear the duties, was 740l. 2s. 10d. - he has also entered in the cash-book, on the 15th of September, "Customs for East-India sugar, 416l. 5s. 6d.," which dicates he had taken that sum from our drawer to pay the duties - there would then be wanting 323l. 17s. 4d., more than he had taken - I do not of my own knowledge know where he got the rest - he went out on the morning of the 15th of September, at eleven o'clock, and never returned. On the 17th of September, Singleton came to Rood-lane, about half-past eleven o'clock in the morning, which was Friday; he said his name was Singleton, and brought this letter in his hand and gave it to my brother, but not in my presence; my brother handed it to me; I do not know the hand-writing - Singleton was present when my brother handed it to me, as having received it from him.(Letter Read.)
The following is all that I know concerning the unpleasant business which has just taken place: - Mr. Latham called on me at the Tower, I think last Tuesday, and in the course of conversation, and in the presence of another young man, said he had thoughts of taking a trip over to France for a short time walking towards his home, he made a proposal to me, saying, that if I would come over with him for a few days, he would bear the expenses. I saw him again the next day, when he renewed the subject, and I agreed to go with him as far as Boulogne. Not having had leave from the Office, and as he said he had also not got leave, he said that it would be necessary, for fear of being found out, and thereby be disappointed in going, to do it as privately as possible. He requested me to leave a feigned name for him at the French Ambassador's - I gave my own name and address. I took no things with me, except a change of linen; for, as I intended to be such a short time away, I did not think it worth while to take more. I met him at eleven o'clock in the City, when he said, that as he had not taken any clothes with him, he would buy some things, which he did, and even made me take the loan of some. We got the passports about two o'clock, and left London for Dover in a postchaise, at seven: we got there about five o'clock; and when we got up in the morning at seven, he took out his pocket-book. Up to that time I had not the least suspicion, nor had not the least idea, that he had so much money with -. He then took from his pockets a quantity of sovereigns, and gave me between seventy and eighty to put into mine, saying they were too heavy to carry altogether. I then asked him how much he had altogether; when he told me nearly 600l. (I think it was he said) I was very much surprised. From what he said afterwards, I had no doubt remaining but that it was all his own. Previous to this, he had written a letter to his uncle, and, to my astonishment, he said that he had told him in it, that he did not intend coming back to England. I begged of him to come back to London directly, and give up the money he had taken, which he refused to do. He then pressed me to accompany him; and on my talking to him of the madness of doing so, he only flew into a rage. Directly after that, and seeing plainly that nothing I could say would induce him to give up his mad scheme, I kept him under pretence of going to see about the packet, and took the first conveyance to London. Not being able to get a place in the coach at that time, I came nearly all the way in a post-chaise, and have only just arrived. From any blame attached to me in this unfortunate business, I trust I shall be able to clear myself. I have got 71l. in sovereigns, ready to give up directly. I fear, as it is so late, that I shall not be able to see any of your Gentlemen this evening, nor do I know in what name to address this.
CHARLES SINGLETON:
To the Senior Clerk, 23, Rood Lane.
Upon this I sent for an officer, who took him into custody.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Latham is your apprentice, is he not? A. Yes, he has been with us nearly seven years - our general way of business was for him to make entries in the general cash-book of what he drew, and he kept a petty cash-book himself - it was the course of our business for him to make up his accounts every evening - he made entries in the book of what money he took, and settled every night; he enters the amount of cash he takes out, and the parties he pays it to - he has no business to take out more than he wants, his duty is to say what he wants before he takes it; it never happened to my knowledge that he had to return any cash - he has entered the 416l. 5s. 6d. only. Latham was my apprentice individually, and was clerk to the firm.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. When Singleton brought you the letter did he give up 71l.? A. Yes.


                  THOMAS 
                  WEBB WHITMARSH
               



            . I am a partner in the firm of Warner and others; on the 15th of September, Latham applied to me for a cheque to make up a particular sum of money which it was his duty to pay as Customs for East-India sugart - his is the cheque I gave him, it is for 173l. 17s. 4d. which was the sum he applied for; it was necessary for him to get that cashed before the duties could be paid; here is his own name written on the back of the cheque, which indicates that he received it at the Bank; it is drawn on the cashiers of the Bank of England, drawn by Jacob Warner, Sons, and Co. on the 15th of September 1826, and indorsed F. J. Latham.

Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Was he to pay the duties with it, and not to return it to you? A. No, to pay the duties.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POPHAM GATTY
               



            . I am drawing clerk in the Bank of England; I received this cheque, but I cannot say when; 170l. was paid in Bank-notes, and the rest in cash; it is not our practice to pay in Bank-notes, but to give an order for them to another office; I gave the order for the payment of this cheque to the bearer of it, and these minutes on the front of it show that I gave the order for it to be paid in that way.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Does the person get a ticket from you to receive these notes from another person? A. Yes; I do not know who brought this cheque.


                  CHARLES 
                  EDWARD WALLER
               



            . I am a clerk in the Bank of England; I produce a ticket which I received on the 15th of September, drawn by Mr. Gatty, it is for 170l., to be paid to the bearer in the name of Latham, for which I paid five 20l. notes, and seven 10l. notes; we work in pairs, and Mr. Hawkes enters the notes in the book as I call the names, dates, and numbers to him, and give them to the bearers of the tickets. I delivered the notes specified in this book to the bearer of the ticket, and gave the description of them to Mr. Hawkes.


                  JOHN 
                  HAWKES
               



            . I took down correctly the number and description of the notes mentioned by the last witness, there were five 20l. notes, from 17,554 to 17,558, dated 14th of August, 1826, and seven 10l. notes, No. 18,618 to 18,624, dated the 18th of August, 1826. I receive the ticket.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did Waller call over the notes to you according to the usual course of the Bank of England? A. Yes, and I cheque the numbers with him, and am able to say that this book contains the exact numbers of the notes delivered out.
MR. ANDREWS to MR. WARNER. Q. This young man was apprenticed to you to learn the trade of a grocer? A. Yes, for the general purposes of the business; I do not think he ever was employed in collecting cash; he had occasionally to draw for money, and to receive cheques for the payment of duties; he never was employed to go out and receive monies, unless any of the other clerks were ill, but if people brought money to pay their accounts, he was to receive it, if he happened to be in the way.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. Was it his duty to receive money for cheques? A. Yes.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HOE
               



            . I am a warehouseman in the employ of the prosecutors. In consequence of some directions from them, I went to Dover - I arrived there on Saturday morning, the 16th of September - I placed myself on the pier, and saw Latham; I told him he must come home with me. As we were walking towards the inn. I asked him where the money was? he said, "Here it is," and handed me some notes and sovereigns. I asked if that was all? he said, all, except what Singleton had got. I asked him who Singleton was? he said, a young man who came down with him, and he believed he was gone on board. I inquired for an officer, who took Latham in charge; we then went to the packet, but it was gone; I then went with Latham on board a vessel to go to Calais, but we could not make Calais, and we got to Boulogne, and travelled from there to Calais; we found these two portmanteaus at the Custom-house at Calais; Latham pointed them out; I brought them up to London with Latham; the money I received from him was 564l., and he said he thought 705l. was the whole he had taken, but he could not account for the rest. These are the notes and sovereigns I received from him - here are 74 sovereigns, and the rest is in notes; I sealed them up at Dover, and they have been in the custody of Mr. Warner - they have been opened at the Mansion-house, in my presence, but have not been out of his possession; here are five 20l. notes, from No. 17,554 to 17,558 inclusive, dated the 14th of August, and five 10l. notes.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you ever see Singleton till you saw him in London? A. No.


                  JOSEPH 
                  RADFORD
               



            , JUN. I am the son of Joseph Radford, of No. 26, Piccadilly; he is a tailor. On the 15th of September I saw two persons who, to the best of my belief, were the prisoners, come to my father's shop; they purchased a suit of clothes, which came to 7l. 16s., and they paid a 10l. note - it was Latham, to the best of my belief, who paid for them; I had nothing to do with Singleton, but they came in together, and went away together. I gave the note to my father to get change. Messrs. Bonds are our bankers.
COURT. Q. Where was Singleton while you dealt with the other? A. In a different part of the shop - they were there a quarter of an hour.
MR. LAW. Q. Have you since seen the coat which you sold? A. Yes, in a portmanteau; it was to fit Latham.


                  GEORGE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Bonds, the bankers. On Tuesday, the 19th of September, I received this 10l. Bank-note, No. 18,618, dated the 18th of August, 1826, on the account of Mr. Radford, but I cannot say from whom.


                  ROBERT 
                  WYER
               



            . I keep a portmanteau warehouse, in Oxford-street. On the 15th of September the two prisoners came to my shop, about twenty minutes before twelve o'clock - they bought these two portmanteaus, for which they paid in gold; I cannot say which of them paid; they came in together and went out together.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Drake. He is a hatter, and lives next door to Mr. Radford, in Piccadilly; on the 15th of September I recollect two young men, who seemed in a very great burry, buying two caps of me.
Cross-examined by Mr. ADOLPHUS. Q. Can you say that these are the caps? A. No, but I know such caps were sold by us. I had not sold two such caps to two young men shortly before them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELKS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Eddes, a hosier and glover, who lives at No. 34, Piccadilly. I remember two young men, about the same height as the prisoners, coming there on the 15th of September, and I sold them four shirts, four shirt fronts, four stocks, and two handkerchiefs, they came to 5l., for which they paid five sovereigns; I have seen one of the stocks since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PLANT
               



            . I am a hosier. I live at No. 384, Oxford-street; I saw the two prisoners on the 15th of September, about twelve o'clock, I think, or a quarter past twelve; they came together, and bought one dozen of shirts, half a dozen pairs of stockings, and I think apair of gloves; Latham paid for them in gold; it was between 8l. and 9l.; he paid for them in the presence of Singleton; the stockings were for Latham, and he said to the other,"You will take half a dozen shirts, won't you?" he said"Yes;" they were all put up together; they seemed in a great hurry; I have seen some of the articles since.


                  ROBERT 
                  PARFET
               



            . I am waiter at the Hyde-park Hotel, Oxford-street. On the 15th of September the two prisoners came there in a hackney-coach, about a quarter before three o'clock - they had two portmanteaus and a few paper parcels - they asked for dinner, and a room to wash and dress in; the porter took the articles out of the coach; I took hold of their portmanteaus, and found they were empty; I told my master of it; our coffee-room is not a public room, we have only some gentlemen who dine in it, and the lodgers; they washed and dressed, and then dined in the coffee-room about four o'clock; immediately after dinner Singleton went away in a hackney-coach, and ordered the coachman to drive to Charing-cross - he returned in about an hour and ordered the bill, which I took him, and he paid it with a 10l. note, which he took from a roll of notes which he had in his pocket - I think there were from fifteen to twenty-five notes - I took the same note to my master, and he gave me change; I gave the change to Singleton; I think the amount of their bill was 1l. 15s., and they told me to deduct the amount of postage to Dartford, which was 1l. 7s.; they left in a post-chaise, at a quarter before seven o'clock, to go to Dartford.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did they sit in the coffee-room the whole time? A. No; they went to a room to dress before I saw Singleton take out the roll of notes - Latham asked if I could speak French - I said I could not - I did not see Latham hand any notes to Singleton, nor did I see Singleton hand any to him - he put them into his left-hand trousers pocket - I did not count the notes he had in his hand, but I think there were from fifteen to twenty-five.
Re-examined. Q. Can you undertake to say that there were several notes in the roll? A. Yes; my attention was so directed to them that I can speak to the circumstance positively.


                  FRANCIS 
                  HUMBERT
               



            . I am the keeper of the Hydepark hotel. I received, from the last witness, a 10l. note on the 15th of September; to the best of my belief it was the prisoners who were there at that time - I gave the waiter change out of it - their bill was 1l. 19s. 6d. - I put the note into my cash-box in my bureau - I did not mark the note - I took a great deal that day - I gave a Mr. Hughes change for 100l. note the same evening, and the next day I paid my cook a 10l. note.
COURT. Q. What notes did you give to Mr. Hughes? A. A 50l. note, three 10l. notes, and one 20l. note; one of these 10l. notes might have been the one I received from the waiter.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  MACKLIN
               



            . I am cook at that hotel. On the 16th of September, I received a 10l. note from Mr. Humbert, and changed the same note with Miss Oliver.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  OLIVER
               



            . On the 17th of September I received this 10l. note from Mr. Macklin - I wrote his name on it, at the time - it is No. 18,620, dated August 18th 1826 - I paid it to Mr. Alexander Millar.
ROBERT MOSS. I am waiter at the George and Bull Inn, Dartford. On the evening of the 15th of September, the two prisoners came there in a post-chaise, about nine o'clock - I received from Singleton this 10l. Bank note, No. 18,619 - I made inquiries of the post-boy what to write upon the note, and from his information I have written Herbert's hotel, Hyde-park - I believe it should have been Humbert's hotel.


                  HENRY 
                  BINGLEY
               



            . I am in the Ordinance-office in the Tower. Singleton lodged with me, and left my house on a Wednesday, in September - I did not see him again till I saw him in confinement, which was four or five days afterwards - I had no knowledge of his going away - I do not know whether he took his clothes, as they were in his room. I know Latham by sight, but I do not know that I ever saw him with Singleton; my son was unfortunately acquainted with Latham - I have seen him in the Tower, parading about, and he has come to my house to see my son, but mostly staid at the door.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. At the time you saw Latham lately, has he been in deep mourning? A. Yes. I believe Singleton left his property at my house; I never looked at his wardrobe; but I believe he was well equipped as a gentleman - he was as respectable and correct a young man as I ever knew - he lived with me six or seven months, and I loved him next to my own child - he is in the Ordinance-office, in the same situation which I first held, and now I am second clerk there - he had no temptation from poverty to have committed a bad action - his salary is 90l. per annum.
BENJAMIN HOE re-examined. When I brought the portmanteaus to town there were clothes in them; I have seen them frequently - I locked one of them up; I have had the key in my possession ever since; it has been unlocked two or three times since in my presence, and very possibly something may have been put into it, which was not there at first, without my seeing it; this black coat was in one portmanteau; Latham had a claret coloured coat on when I took him, it appeared new; I put it in the portmanteau - the one that was not locked had shirts and trousers in it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  RADFORD
               



            . This claret coat I sold to the prisoner with some other things, which are not here.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PLANT
               



            . I sold shirts of this description to the prisoner; but not being marked, I cannot swear to them; I can swear to this cravat, which has a private mark on it.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Does the mark show any more than that you once had it in your possession? A. No; we have sold many such; I sold four of this description to the prisoners on the 15th of September.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HOE
               



             re-examined. I found two caps at Calais, they were like these, and were put into the portmanteau; but I cannot swear these are them; I did not see any more than two caps, they were turned out on the table there, and again in England.
COURT. Q. Did you see two oil-skin caps? A. Yes; and a variety of shirts and cravats; they appeared new, they were clean and nicely folded up; one piece of muslin was taken from the portmanteau at Calais.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARNES
               



            . These two caps I sold at one time.
ROBERT PARFET re-examined. When the two prisonerswent away from the hotel, Latham had a cap similar to this, and Singleton had a hat; they appeared quite new, and were in a brown paper parcel when they came.
ROBERT MOSS. The two prisoners had caps on when they were at Dartford, which appeared the same as these.
JURY to 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  WYER
               



            . Q. Do you identify the portmanteaus as being sold to the prisoner, or only as two that had been in your possession? A. These are the two I sold the prisoner's; I know them, because I put two white sticks in them, which I never put before, or since - the sticks are generally made of oak, but that day I had no oak.
SINGLETON'S Defence. My Lord, and Gentlemen. I will not attempt to assert that I have not acted very indiscreetly and incautiously, but of the crime I am accused of I am perfectly innocent, and, when you hear the evidence my counsel will bring, I feel confident you will be of the same opinion - this young man had asked several other persons to go with him before he asked me, and, when he asked me, I unfortunately agreed to go with him, but I had particular motives for going, as that part of my family, to which I am most naturally attached, live at Boulogne - the prisoner had given out that he was to receive a legacy at the death of a relation, and, a short time after, he appeared in black, and I supposed his relation was dead, and yielding to his solicitations, I accepted his invitation to go to France, free of expense - he stated that he was going away without the leave of his uncle, and he would not wish me to go back to the Tower - so he was to purchase some clothes for me, as he said, I could give him the money when I returned from France; I got a passport for him in a fictious name, as he wished me; but for myself, in my own name, which I should not have done, if I had known how he got the money; I did not hear a word of that till I got to Dover, and when I did, I resolved on returning immediately - for this purpose I came by the van to Canterbury, leaving every thing behind me - from thence I took a post-chaise, and arrived in London on Saturday evening, too late to go to Latham's employers; but I forgot to mention that on my arrival at Dover, I wrote a letter to my uncle, excusing myself for leaving my office without leave, and saying, I was going to Boulogne, and should return in three days: the moment I got to London I wrote to a young friend, requesting to know the name and address of Latham's employers; he came to me on the Sunday morning, at the coffee-house, where I was, gave me their names, and walked with me to their residence; I wrote to them the letter which has been produced, but I wrote in great agitation, and very hastily - I fear there may be some errors and omissions, and it may not be so explicit as I could have wished; I returned and wished Mr. Warner to hear what I had to say, intending to give a full explanation, but he would not hear what I had to offer; I met his brother, and a friend, who behaved in the most gentlemanly manner, but Mr. Warner ordered his warehouseman and another person to stand between me and the door to prevent my going, and sent for an officer, had me taken into custody, and ordered the officer not to allow me to have communication with any person, and that injunction was so strictly carried into effect, that a letter which I wrote to my father, was returned to me unopened - how far Mr. Warner can reconcile this unfeeling and unjust treatment to a person like myself placed in this situation, and denied the means of defence, I do not know, but I am innocent of the charge, and have been anxious from the first, to stand forward and clear myself.


                  MARK 
                  SINGLETON
               



            . I am father of the prisoner; I recollect his writing to me from Dover, to state that he was going to Boulogne, and he should be back in three days; he has an office under government, and if he were in any want of money I always supplied him - when he returned to London, I saw him the same day.


                  THOMAS 
                  CAITHNESS
               



            . I know the prisoner Latham; I saw him in September - he was in black, and appeared as if he had lost a friend - he said he intended to go to France, and asked if ever I was there.


                  CHARLES 
                  COLE
               



            . I am in the house of Messrs. Sanderson and Co. I have heard Latham say he expected something at the death of an uncle, or when he came of acertain age, I cannot exactly recollect what this was, before last June.


                  HENRY 
                  BIGNOL
               



            . I recollect Singleton wrote to me to procure him the prosecutors' address - I went and accompanied him part of the way to Mr. Warner's; he told me he had a part of the money about him, which he was gogoing to restore - this was on Sunday, the 17th of September, about twelve o'clock - I have frequently seen Latham at our house, and have heard him talk of what he expected, in the presence of Singleton - I have heard him say he had an uncle.
JURY to BENJAMIN HOE. Q. At what time was Latham apprehended on the pier? A. About nine o'clock in the morning - I did not make any application at any office at Dover, or raise any hue and cry that Siugleton might have heard.
COURT to H. BIGNOL. Q. When did Singleton return to town? A. On Saturday night, as he told me; I saw him on Sunday morning.
One witness gave Latham a good character, and five deposed the same on behalf of Singleton.
The Jury retired at a quarter before five o'clock in the after noon - after sending several messages to the Court, (who sat all night to receive their verdict,) stating that they could not agree in averd ict respecting Singleton; - at half-past ten o'clock next morning they were sent for by the Court; they stated that eleven were determined upon a verdiet of Not Guilty as to Singleton, but that the whole twelve could not and were not at all likely to agree.
JURY. We find LATHAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
But upon Singleton's case we are not agreed.
COURT. 


               The Jury having been twenty-four hours in attendance, and near twenty-two hours charged with this case, the Court feel they may exercise that discretion which in extreme cases is vested in them: we have the power to summon a new Jury, and this is now discharged
            .
Latham received sentence of 


               Fourteen Years' Transportation
            , - and Singleton gave bail for his appearance next Session, to take his trial.
