







553. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  TAYLOR
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Maynard
                     



                  , on the 28th of January

, and stealing therein 6 sheets, value 40s.; 3 pillow-cases, value 4s.; 3 pin-cloths, value 1s.; 3 nightgowns, value 6s.; 2 night-caps, value 1s. 6d.; 6 handkerchiefs, value 8s.; 6 neckcloths, value 6s.; 2 napkins, value 3s.; 11 towels, value 11s.; 3 pairs of stocks, value 18d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 2 habit-shirts, value 10s.; 1 pair of drawers, value 1s.; 5 shirts, value 17s.; 2 tablecloths, value 12s.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; 1 pair of stays, value 5s.; 1 pocket, value 5s.; 2 petticoats, value 1s.; 2 pairs of trousers, value 3s.; 2 pairs of gloves, value 2s., and 2 shifts, value 7s.
            , his property; and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  PALMER
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  LIVERSEDGE
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            : against the Statute.


                  NICHOLAS 
                  CHUBB
               



            . I am a serjeant of the Coldstream Guards; Mr. Thomas Maynard is batallion serjeant
 of the regiment, and lives in Vincent-square, Westminster



. Taylor and Palmer were stationed in the barracks in St. James' Park, and left there about a quarter to four o'clock in the afternoon of the 8th of January, and should have been in at nine o'clock; they never returned - I did not see them again till the 31st, when they were in custody. On the evening of the 29th, when I was in search of them I saw Liversedge; and on the evening of the 30th I was with some officers, and saw Liversedge again, at his father's house, in Golden-lane; he denied all knowledge of the other prisoners, but after being questioned he acknowledged that he had seen some bundles of linen in their possession, and that they had asked him where they might dispose of it, and where they could get coloured clothes - he denied knowing anything else.


                  ALICE 
                  CHUBB
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness, and wash for Mr. Maynard, at the Recruit-house, in St. James' Park. On the 28th of January, about four o'clock, Taylorcame and asked me if there was not some linen to be fetched from Mr. Maynard's - I said there was; he asked if he should go for it - I said he might, as my man was poorly - he shut the door, and went away; I never saw him again till he was apprehended. The linen was never brought to me.


                  ANN 
                  GOWERLY
               



            . I am fourteen years old, and live with Mr. Maynard. On the 28th of January, between four and five o'clock, Taylor came for the things; he was alone - I did not see them delivered to him. I found the articles stated in the indictment at Worship-street afterwards, and knew them.


                  ROBERT 
                  BENSLEY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Maynard. On the 28th of January, between four and five o'clock, Gowerly delivered the linen to me; I gave it to Taylor, who came for it - it was tied in a bag, and put into a basket.


                  JAMES 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I belong to the Coldstream Guards - Palmer and Taylor belong to my regiment. On Monday evening, about a quarter to five o'clock, I saw Taylor going towards the barracks in St. James' Park, with a white basket; Palmer was with him, and had a green bag on his shoulder - it was bulky.


                  THOMAS 
                  EAGLES
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. On the 28th of January, a little after six o'clock in the evening, I saw Taylor and Palmer at the Lion and Lamb public-house, Golden-lane, St. Luke's; Brown was with me - there was a basket on the tap-room table, with a large green bag in it, quite full, and tied up at the mouth; there might be a small bundle under it in the basket; we asked what they had there - they said linen, which they were going to take to Hoxton, to be washed; they produced a washing-book, dated the 28th of January, with the articles entered, and supposing their story correct I told them to drink their beer as soon as they could, and get out, for it was a very bad house; Liversedge was not with them. - On Wednesday evening, the 30th, Waters, I, Hanley, and Chubb, saw Liversedge, and asked if he had seen the soldiers on the Monday evening, and if they had bundles with them; he said he had seen them, but they had no bundles - but on questioning him farther he admitted that they had bundles.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATERS
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. On the evening of the 30th I went to Liversedge's house with Eagles, and asked if he had got any of the bundle, or had pawned any of the clothes - he denied all knowledge of it. We left him, and in two hours, as I went home, between nine and ten o'clock, I saw Palmer and Taylor, in Kingsland-road, quarrelling with some people; I went over - they asked where they could get a lodging; I said I would find them one; Taylor had a small bundle - I took them into a public-house, and said I suspected them to be the soldiers who had robbed Serjeant Chubb - they denied it; I took the bundle, and in it I found a green bag, four pairs of socks, a pair of stockings, six towels, a pair of drawers, a pair of child's trousers, two bed-gowns, and two pairs of gloves, which were afterwards claimed by the prosecutor's servant. I took them in charge; Taylor then gave me six duplicates, relating to the property, from his pocket; I put them into the watch-house, and went immediately to Liversedge's house, in Hot-water-court, St. Luke's - I found him at home, and told him I had taken the two soldiers - that I knew he had some of the things, and should take him; he then acknowledged pawning two shirts and other things, for 14s., near Cripplegate church, but he could not tell the name; I went and got the things from there, and they were also claimed. I found 9s. on him, which he voluntarily said was part of the money he had pawned them for, and said he had given the soldiers the duplicate.


                  EDWARD 
                  STORR
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Reeves, of Redcross-street. I have two sheets, two table-cloths, a pair of stays, and a handkerchief, pawned for 14s., by Liversedge, on the 29th of January, in the name of John Jones, Old-street.


                  HENRY 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Harris, of Sparrow-corner, Minories. I have two handkerchiefs, pawned on the 30th of January, for 3s., in the name of John Mann, Minories; by Palmer, I believe; he said they were his own - that he and a comrade were going to have a spree. The duplicate I gave him is one of those produced by Waters.


                  EDWARD 
                  CHILD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a pair of sheets, pawned on the 29th of January, for 10s. in the name of Maynard, No. 24, Edmond's-place; I believe Liversedge to be the man - the duplicate I gave him is in Waters' possession.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Taylor put in a written defence, stating that he considered he had only committed a breach of trust - and that he had got Liversedge to pledge the property, without his knowing how it was obtained.
LIVERSEDGE's Defence. The two soldiers came to my house when I was out - I met them as I returned home; I went and drank with them, and they asked me to pawn the things - I said the shops were shut up: they said they were going to sleep at the Red Lion public-house, and asked me to come down in the morning, which I did, and pawned the articles, but did not know they were stolen.
TAYLOR - GUILTY. Aged 23.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PALMER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
LIVERSEDGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
