






SECOND DAY, THURSDAY, JANUARY 10, 1822.
198. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     TYRRELL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SIMPKINS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of December
, three gowns, value 9 s.; eight aprons, value 4 s.; three remnants of printed calico, value 4 s.; six petticoats, value 6 s.; three pair of stockings, value 1 s.; three caps, value 6 d.; four shifts, value 4 s.; one dresser-cloth, value 6 d.; two slips of muslin, value 1 d.; two combs, value 3 d.; two handkerchiefs, value 2 d.; one shawl, value 9 d.; two pair of stays, value 1 s., and two bonnets, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Forster
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Lushington
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Martineaux
                        



                     
                  , trustees of the Refuge for the Destitute


; and one gown, value 2 s.; one bag, value 1 d.; two gown bodies, value 2 s.; two yards of muslin, value 1 s.; one pocket-book, value 1 d., and two yards of lace, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Clements
                  



               
            , spinster
.
SECOND COUNT, stating them to belong to 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Hoskins
                  



               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  HOSKINS
               



             I am superintendant of the Refuge for the Destitute, in the Hackney-road


. I live in the house, and have the charge of it; Tyrrell had been there four years, and Simpkins came in on the 4th of August. On the 10th of December, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, they both left the house without notice; and this property was missed. Between eight and nine o'clock the same night, I found them in St. George's-fields, walking in the road - I took a bundle from Tyrrell, and a bag from Simpkins, containing the property belonging to the Institution, they reproached each other. One was employed in washing, and the other as a servant. The bundle contained two shifts, a drawer cloth, three remnants of silk, eight aprons, and two slips of muslin; the bag contained half a yard, and some remnants of muslin, cut up in caps; some bits of lace, a frock, two combs, a gown, two napkins, a pocket, and two gown bodies.


                  ANN 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am book-keeper to the Institution. The prisoners left the house on the 10th of December. Here is a pocket and a gown body in the bag, they are mine; they were kept in the counting-house.


                  ELEANOR 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am the house-keeper. The prisoners left unknown to me; part of the property was under my care. I know it to belong to the Society.
TYRRELL'S Defence. A young woman named Potter, persuaded me to leave. I was kindly protected there, and if I was permitted to return, I would behave with great propriety.
SIMPKINS'S Defence. I am very sorry for what I have done.
SIMPKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
TYRRELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
