





SIXTH DAY. WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 17.
First Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1626. 
               
                  JULIA 
                  BRIAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of June
, 1 shawl, value 10s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 15s.; 3 gowns, value 2l.; 4 petticoats, value 5s., and 4 pairs of stockings, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Rebecca 
                  Dalton
               




            .
REBECCA DALTON. I am a widow
, and live in Philip-street, St. George's in the East


; the prisoner lodged in my second floor for three weeks, and said she went out nursing. On the 4th of June, while my husband lay dead, I found my drawers broken open, which were in the parlour, and these things gone - I did not suspect her; I went to drink tea with her on the 24th of June, at No. 20, Providence-street, and saw my bed-curtains on the bed; I told her they were mine, and asked how she should be so cruel to serve me so: she then said she had taken them, and gave me up the duplicates of the other property at the office.


                  GEORGE 
                  PINKARD
               



            . I am a watchman. I had information of this robbery, and found the prisoner on the 3d of July, coming up Church-lane, watching for her husband who I had apprehended; I took her - she voluntarily owned to the robbery, and told me where the property was.


                  ROBERT 
                  LINWOOD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Ratcliff-highway. I have a pair of trousers pawned by the prisoner.


                  EBENEZA 
                  HENBERY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in the Commercial-road. I have a shawl pawned by the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went to lodge there; my husband was in the country: when her husband died a great many gentlemen came to relieve her; she put her things into my room to make it appear she was in distress: she said as my husband was out of work, I might pawn the things, and redeem them as I could - she and her mother said I might pay it at 3d. a week, and not starve myself; I had not a bit of victuals.


                  REBECCA 
                  DALTON
               



            . I never permitted her to pawn them, or said that she might pay for them at 3d. a week; I only knew her three weeks - she came to nurse my husband; my drawers were forced open - she was not in distress, for I kept her while she was with me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
