






2003. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  EDWARDS
               



             and 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  NORRIS
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of September
, one 5l. note, the property of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Edwards
                     




                  , from her person
            .
MARY EDWARDS. I live in Fashion-court, Spitafields. On the 23d of September my daughter gave me a 5l. note to redeem some pledges - I went to the Golden Anchor public-house, Golden-lane


, for change, as the pawnbroker had none - Mrs. Jones, the landlady, returned me the note, as she had no change; I went away with it, and returned again soon after, and held it up for change at the bar, when some person behind me twisted it out of my hand - I was frightened, and cannot swear to any one - it was the same note my daughter had given me.


                  MARGARET 
                  TOMLINSON
               



            . I gave Edwards, who is my mother, a 5l. note, which my brother had given me - it was a new note - he had been paid off the day before; I have not seen it since.


                  SOPHIA 
                  FORDHAM
               



            . I live in Golden-lane. I was at the Golden Anchor on an errand, and saw the prosecutrix come for change for a 5l. note - she held it up in her hand - Norris went behind her, and snatched it out of her hand - Edwards was close behind him; they both ran away together; I am certain of their persons; I knew them both well before, and have no doubt whatever of them - I ran after them, but they got out of my sight - I did not call Stop thief! as I thought I should catch them, and knew I should know them; I knew their names - they have lived in the neighbourhood a long time - I told my father their names directly I got home.


                  MARGARET 
                  JONES
               



            . I keep the public-house. Edwards came on the 23d of September for change for a 5l. note; I could not get it as it was up-stairs, and I had no one to mind the bar; she went out, and came in again, and two or three customers came in at the same time; she held the note up with her finger and thumb, and a bit of the note out; she was standing with her back to the door, and a person, in a light coloured jacket, came in, and snatched it out of her hand; but it was neither of the two prisoners; I do not know the man who took it, but it was neither of them - I did not see Sophia Fordham there - I have a strong suspicion who it was - I saw him walking from the door; there were not two of them; there was only one - I do not know whether Fordham was there - I did not see any girl run out and give an alarm; the first thought that struck me was, that it was her son who took it; I have seen the two prisoners before - they have beenat my house - Fordham lives in the neighbourhood; her father is an officer; I believe the prisoners lived in the neighbourhood - I am not acquainted with their friends - I did not tell the Magistrate that I had some suspicion of a person; but I have seen a chap since brought up for some offence; I do not know what, and have now some suspicion of a person.
COURT. Q. How was the man dressed? A. He had a light coloured coat on; I have called it a jacket - I did not notice which it was.


                  SOPHIA 
                  FORDHAM
               



             re-examined. Q. How were they dressed? A. Norris had corded breeches and a corded jacket, of a dark colour - Edward had a kind of sailor's shirt, a light coloured jacket, and a cap - my father and Harrison took the prisoners - I was close to them; I swear positively they are the men, they were close together.


                  JAMES 
                  MASON
               



            . I am a publician. I changed a 5l. note on the 23d of October, but it was not to either of the prisoners.


                  JAMES 
                  FORDHAM
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended Norris that evening from my daughter's information - she described him - I have known him for years. I took Edwards about twelve o'clock next day; he had a blue coat on. Norris was in a corderoy jacket and trowsers; we took him to the watch-house; he was talking to some woman there, and said there had been a to-do about a 5l. note at the bottom of Golden-lane. I know they frequented the Golden Anchor public-house all day long, and have moved them from there a hundred times - Edwards had changed his jacket for a coat.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I was with Fordham, and took Norris - Edwards was taken next morning; he had a blue coat on; I had seen Norris at the Golden Anchor scores of times; Edwards had changed his light coat for a blue one with a man named Bone.
NORRIS' Defence. I was at the house having a pint of beer; Fordham came in; I said to Mrs. Jones, "What does he say?" he said there was a 5l. note lost; "Is there?" said I, but no one took me; as I returned from the play, Harrison dragged me into the watch-house.
EDWARD'S Defence. I was at the corner of my own court; one Bone came and said, "Will you sell me your coat;" I said, No - he said, "Let me try it one;" he did, and then went into a public-house to light his pipe - he came out with a 5l. note in his hand, and said, "I have a 5l. note;" he ran against me, and ran away, leaving me his coat to put on.
EDWARDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
NORRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
