





889. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WOODRIFF
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of June
, one handkerchief, value 7 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas Barnabas 
                           Dinn
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  BARNABAS DINN
               



            . I live at Stoke Newington. On the 15th of June, between twelve and one o'clock, I was passing through the Shepherd and Sheperdess-fields, Islington; a young man in a sailor's dress got into conversation with me about the weather, till I came to the beginning of the fields, and there four or six boys stood by the post, they followed me very close, the sailor kept in my company, and left me at the foot of the bridge, and when I came to the top of the bridge, a young man ran after me, and said my pocket was picked. I immediately missed my handkerchief, turned round, and saw the prisoner, and another of the gang in custody, about fifty yards off. My handkerchief was produced.


                  RICHARD 
                  GABLE
               



            . I am a florist. I was in my garden looking over the fence, and saw the prisoner and three or four boys close behind Mr. Dinn, a sailor was talking to him. I saw one of the four boys take a handkerchief from him. I ran and informed him, and laid hold of the prisoner and another of them, and gave them up to Mr. Dinn, one of the others had thrown the handkerchief over the paling. I got over and returned it to Dinn.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer, the prisoner was delivered into my charge. I took him to the watch-house, the sailor came and said he was his brother.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
