





312. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CROOKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               bigamy
            . (see page, 106.)
MR. PRENDERGAST conducted the prosecution.
REV. MR. WYNN. I am curate of St. George's, Bloomsbury - I produce an examined copy of the register of the marriage of 
               
                  John 
                  Crooks
               



             to 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Nelson
                  



               
            , by banns, on the 28th of May, 1810
; it is witnessed by 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Sanders
               



             and R. Harrison - I do not know the parties.


                  JANE 
                  SANDERS
               



            . I live in Clement's-lane, Strand - the prisoner lodged with me as a single man, for three months, and then married, my sister, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Nelson
               



            ; I was present at the marriage at St. George's, Bloomsbury; she was single, and only seventeen years old - she lived with her father, worked with him as a tailor, and had no money; she afterwards returned to her father - she has had four children by the prisoner, two are living, and supported by the parish - I had no reason to suspect he was married before.



                  MARY 
                  NELSON
               



            . I was married to the prisoner, and had been pregnant three or four months, when he left me - he came back six weeks before I was put to bed - he had left me four months, during which time, my father kept me - he left me again, six weeks after the child was born, for three or four months, and made me no allowance; he has left me four or five years, and makes me no allowance - I have 5 s. a week from the parish, and have two boys to keep; the last time he left me, he sent me a letter, which is lost; it stated that I was not his lawful wife, and might accept of the first offer that came - I had heard that before, but had no proof of it - I did not live with him after.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I produce the register of marriages at St. George's Fields, by which it appears, 
               
                  John 
                  Crooks
               



            , bachelor, was married to 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Viney
                  



               
            , spinster
, by banns, on the 22d of August, 1804; it was witnessed by 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Cook
               



             and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Harris
               



            .


                  MICHAEL 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I know the prisoner, and am acquainted with his writing - the signature to the register is his - 
               
                  Mary 
                  Viney
               



             is now living, and is in Court.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer, of Hatton-garden - the prisoner told me himself he was married to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Viney
               



             - I told him I heard he had got a great many wives; he said he had, and wrote me a list of them - he said Viney was living.
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating, that his first wife had been convicted of a capital offence, in 1806, and he was informed that conviction made the marriage null and void; and he married Nelson with the consent of his first wife, and that he did his utmost to support her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
