





1888. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  MALBY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of October
, 5 handkerchiefs, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Mather
               




            .
BENJAMIN MATHER. I live in New-street, Covent-garden


, and am a hosier
. On the 2d of October, about half-past nine o'clock in the evening, I was called down by my boy; I came down instantly, and saw the prisoner and Robert Jones, in the shop - the prisoner was sitting in a chair, and Jones looking at some trousers; as I crossed my parlour, the boy met me, and said, "They have robbed you of some silk handkerchiefs;" I went into the shop, and the prisoner asked me, if I had any larger silk handkerchiefs? I said there were no larger made; he then tried one on his neck, and said he liked it, but it was not large enough; I turned to my workman, who was there, and said, "Which is the man who stole the handkerchiefs?" the prisoner could not hear that - he then left the shop, and Jones went into the parlour to try on the trousers - the prisoner was taken the following afternoon - I missed seven or eight handkerchiefs, and have never seen them since.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What became of Jones? A. A watchman was sent for and took him.


                  EDWARD 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's shop boy - Jones came into the shop, about two minutes before the prisoner - Jones asked for some trousers, which I showed him, and the prisoner asked for some handkerchiefs, which were in the window; I showed him the bundle - Jones then said, "Have you any place to try the trousers on?" he then said, "You can measure me, can't you?" I came round to measure him, and as I stooped, I saw the prisoner put some handkerchiefs into his pocket, and he kept letting his own fall - Jones kept getting into my way, that I should not see what the prisoner did, but I got sight of him between Jones's legs - he took these handkerchiefs out of the bundle; there were seven or eight of them missing; when I looked up, the prisoner asked to see some stockings; I called Charles to mind the shop, while I went to call my master, and I told him they had taken some silk handkerchiefs - Charles told me to go and fetch the watchman, and when I came back, the prisoner was gone - I went to the side door - there is a glass door in the shop, which looks into the passage, and I saw Jones rolling up a pair of trousers in a silk handkerchief, and putting them into his hat - Jones was then taken into custody; I saw the prisoner again when he was taken, and know him to be the man I had seen in the shop.
Cross-examined. Q. What size is Charles? A. He is a man grown; I did not tell my master I suspected Jones had taken some, but I did not suspect the other man - I said he had taken some handkerchiefs; I did not point out either Jones or the prisoner; my master asked Charles who took them; he said he thought it was Jones; he had not been in the shop when they were taken; Charles is not here, because there would be no one to mind the shop.


                  JAMES 
                  BOND
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner at the Cock and Magpie public-house, in Drury-lane; he was in the skittle-ground with ten or twelve others; Jones was fully committed at the time I took the prisoner.
COURT to MATHER. Q. How came the prisoner to go out of your shop? A. I did not know he was the person who took them - I did not detain him, because Charles told me it was Jones who stole the things; the boy had not said who stole them - when he came back he said, "You have let the wrong man go."
Prisoner's Defence. When I was before Sir Richard Birnie, neither the prosecutor nor his lad could say who itwas - the boy said he could not say, nor could he tell how many he had lost; I said I was sorry I had given him the trouble; he then called his master down, and whispered something to him; I sat down, and took a pinch of snuff; I wished Mr. Mather good night; he returned the compliment, and I went away; the next day the officer came, and said he wanted me; he said he believed it was for an assault, and I went.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
