





363. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     GARDON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of March
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Bennett
                        



                     
                  , one purse, value 1 d.; one half crown, and one 1 l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bennett
                        



.


                  MARGARET 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Bennett
               



            , who lives in Park-place, Walworth. On the 11th of March I went into a cheesemonger's shop on Ludgate-hill


, and had my purse in my hand - it contained a 1 l. note and a half crown; I put it into my pocket, as I thought, but it might have dropped. In a minute or two I felt something press against me, turned round, and saw the prisoner close by my side. I charged him with putting his hand into my pocket, but he denied it, and walked towards the door; I felt, missed my purse, and called to Mr. Brown, who is my brother-in-law, to run after him. I followed him, and he caught the prisoner just as he stepped off the pavement - I picked the purse off the pavement. It could not have dropped from me there.


                  ANDREW 
                  BROWN
               



            . I was with the prosecutrix, and stood by her side; the prisoner came in between me and her. I I did not hear him ask for anything. In about a minute my sister accused him of feeling in her pocket, which he denied and stepped towards the door - my sister said she had lost her purse. I went after him, and secured him just as he was stepping off the pavement; I saw the purse fall from him about the middle of the pavement - my sister picked it up. He might have picked it up without my observing him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. My master told me to call and ask whether they sold eggs. I saw the purse on the ground, and picked it up.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
Of stealing, but not from the person.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
