





652. 
               
                  EMANUEL 
                  ALLEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of February
, 3 lbs. of raw silk, value 2 l. 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Enoch 
                  Fowler
               




            .
ENOCH FOWLER. I am silk-throwster
, and live at Rotherithe. On Friday, the 4th of February, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I sent Buckner to Messrs. Pearks and Davis, Friday-street, for some raw silk: here is 3 lb. 3 oz. of silk, which is mine: I had contracted to manufacture it.
Cross-examined by Mr. LAW. Q. Is it your own? A. No; it was delivered to my servant, who was bringing it to me. I do not swear to it - I had never seen it.


                  JOHN 
                  BUCKNER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Frost: he sent me to Messrs. Pearks and Co., who gave me the silk on his account. I put it on my truck, and saw it put into the bag - it was silk of this colour and in this state. I went down to Watling-street


, and at the bottom of Budge-row a person hallowed out, "Your truck is being robbed." I saw several people running across the road. I went to the back of the truck, and found a hole in the end of the bag, which was quite full before - it must have been cut, and was large enough to admit a hand.


                  DANIEL 
                  HODDER
               



            . On the evening of the 4th of February I was in Watling-street, and saw the prisoner following Buckner's truck. I called Hugget, my fellow-servant we watched, and saw him go to the truck several times from the path, but I did not see him take any thing. Huggett went on before me, and took him; I saw him take a skein of silk from his pocket - I picked up some more in the street, and took it to Messrs. Pearkes and Co.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUGGETT
               



            . I was with Hodder, and saw the prisoner following the truck, and saw him draw the silkout of the bale: he put it inside his coat. I stopped him by Castle-court, and saw him drop seven for eight skeins, which Hodder picked up. He resisted.


                  JAMES 
                  CHALCRAFT
               



            . I heard a noise in Castle-street, where I live. I went to the door, and saw Huggett holding the prisoner, who was crying out, "Let me go." I saw him loosen his coat and throw the silk about the road. I picked up one skein, which laid on the foot-path. I had a ream of paper in my hand, which I took in doors; I then went to the watch-house, and left the silk with Collins.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am an officer, and have the silk. The prisoner made a violent resistance.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am an apprentice to Messrs. Pearkes and Co. Silk of this description was delivered to Buckner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
