





516. 
               
                  
                     ABEL 
                     PYERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, one silver pepper box, value 1 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Stuckey
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  STUCKEY
               



            . I am daughter of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Stuckey
               



            , who lives in the Curtain-road


. On the 9th of February I was sitting by the kitchen fire, the prisoner and another boy came down the area, and knocked at the door. I opened it - the boy who has escaped, asked me to buy a bonnet box - he had two - they stood on the step. I asked him how much they were, he asked 1 s. 6 d. I offered him 1 s. 2 d.; the prisoner said take it. I went across the kitchen for the money, and on my return I found the prisoner at the dresser; he put the box on the dresser, and behind the box, on the shelf, was the silver pepper box - the other remained at the door; the prisoner took the pepper-box. I heard him say to the boy,
"You go, and I'll take the money." I saw him hand the pepper-box to the boy. I said,
"You have given the boy the pepper-box" -the boy ran away. I hallooed out, and ran up the area-steps, but was so frightened I could go no further, I came down the steps and stopped the prisoner; he said,
"Don't be frightened." I called out, and two of our men came down and took him. He said,
"Don't be frightened, and I'll tell you all about it. The boy told me to go in, for there was plate about, and I did take it and gave it to him - you will be sure to have it again. His name is John Hall, he lives at the corner of Sander's gardens - if you will go at twelve o'clock at night, and ring the bell twice, you will find him there."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
