






1572. 
               
                  ISAAC 
                  MILLER
               




             and 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  MOORE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of August
, 1 canvas wrapper, value 1s. 6d., and 186 yards of woollen cloth, value 37l. 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Gilman
               




             and another.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am a City officer. On the 20th of August, about half-past eleven o'clock in the morning, I saw the two prisoners going up Newgate-street; Moore went up the passage of Messrs. Gilman and Lucas, in Newgate-street


 - he came out, and Miller sharpened a knife on the step of a door, and gave it to Moore, who went up the passage several times, and returned - they were about there in company for about twenty minutes, and then both went up the passage; Moore brought a truss out on his back, and Miller carried a hat in his hand besides the one he had on - I have not seen the hat since; Moore had no hat on then - they turned up Queen's Head Passage - I laid hold of Miller, and tried to pull him towards Moore - he got away, leaving the skirt of his coat in my hand; I secured Moore with the truss - Miller was brought back in four or five minutes; I knew him to be the man, having frequently seen him before; the truss contained eight rolls of woollen cloth.
Prisoner MOORE. Q. What time was it? A. About half-past eleven o'clock. I did not see the truss lifted on your back; if I had taken you first, I should have lost the other - I saw nobody else in the passage.


                  JAMES 
                  CALLOW
               



            . I am in the employ of Joseph Gilman and Co. I received this truss from a cart that morning - it stood about forty feet down the passage, and contained eight ends of woollen cloth, worth 37l. 6s.; here is the wrapper.


                  RICHARD 
                  FRIEND
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Gilman and Lucas. The passage is a private one.


                  THOMAS 
                  PEAKE
               



            . I am patrol of Farringdon ward. I saw Miller break away from Forrester, and secured him- I saw the truss fall from Moore.
MILLER's Defence. I was sitting on the rails in Smithfield Market; a gentleman came up, and asked me to carry a parcel for him from No. 42, Newgate-street, to the Goose and Gridiron public-house, St. Paul's, and I was to ask for Mr. Green; I went to No. 42, Newgate-street, but could not see the gentleman; I went to the passage and saw the parcel there, but not the gentleman - I asked two men in the passage for Green; they asked if I had come for a parcel - I said, Yes, and they lifted it on my shoulder - I let my hat fall as I came out, and this young man picked it up, and walked by my side - I never saw him before.
MILLER, 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
MOORE, 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
