





1633. 
               
                  ANN 
                  WEBBER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of September
, 2 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Evans
                     




                  , from his person
            .
EDWARD EVANS. I was at the Adam and Eve, public-house, Westminster, on the 5th of September - I went from home about twelve o'clock, and remained at the public-house the rest of the day; I was not very much in liquor, and I left my friend who I had been with, at half-past seven o'clock in the evening; I had some money on my person - I had never seen the prisoner before I was at Queen-square-office; I do not know how I got into her company.
Prisoner. You had 2s. 6d. in the office the next morning, and you told the gentleman you had lost no money.
Q. Then you do not know that you had more money then than you had the next morning at the office? A. Yes; my landlord brought me half-a-crown that morning.


                  FRANCIS 
                  NEWSTEAD
               



            . On the 5th of September, I saw the prisoner and the prosecutor; he appeared to be in liquor, but appeared to have been extremely ill-used; he was quite stupified from the effects of the usage; the prisoner was accompanied by three young men and a boy about ten years of age - she placed the prosecutor against a door, and supported his head with her left hand, while she put her right hand into his breeches pocket, and passed something to the boy, who made off; she then put her hand again into his left hand pocket; I watched her; she changed her position, and put her right hand before his eyes, and put her left hand into his breeches pocket; I saw her put something in her bosom; I went and asked her if she was his wife; she said No - I went and told a grocer, who came out, and said it was a pity there was not a street-keeper about - I went on to Shetton-ground, and when I returned I saw three youths ill-treating the prosecutor in a most barbarous manner; the prisoner had his hat in her hand, partly concealed by her apron; I went up and remonstrated with them - I was afterwards desired to give my address, which I did; the prisoner ran off as soon as she knew there were officers coming.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RAYNER
               



            . I am the officer. I came up and took the prisoner, who was running away; I found 2s. in her bosom; she said she had some money which she brought out to buy something.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into the house where the prosecutor was drinking, and my friend sat down by him; he gave us some beer to drink; he had half-a-crown, and said he had pawned his coat for 6s., and had no more left- he then got up to go and he fell into the sink; I raised him up and set him against the wall, and told her to mind him while I went to get him some water; when I got back his hat was off, and I put it on his head.
COURT to EVANS. Q. Did you pawn your coat that morning? A. Yes, for 6s.; I had but 1s. 11d. in the morning, and thought that not enough; I was sober then, and I went to the Adam and Eve with my friend, and we drank several pints of beer together; I then left him to go home; I was not so tipsy till I was knocked down and ill-treated.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
