







63. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FLINT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BINGLOW
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November, 1 yard of velvet, value 1s. 8d.; 2 yards and a half of shalloon, value 4s., and 1 yard of kerseymere, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Hill
               



            ; and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
DANIEL HILL. - I am a tailor
, and live at Wandsworth. On the 14th of November, between three and four o'clock, I went to the Ship public house, at Charing-cross



, to wait for a coach - I had a parcel, containing some scarlet kerseymere, velvet, and shalloon; I laid my bundle on the table, and took some refreshment - when I had been there half an hour or three quarters, it was gone - I did not see it taken, but I missed it after it was gone: it was in a brown paper, and tied with a string - I had seen the two male prisoners there: they said they were very poor, and I gave them some beer and something to eat - when I missed my bundle I accused them of it, and in a few minutes they made their escape; I did not see them go.
THOMAS BICKNELL. I am an officer. On the 14th of November, between six and seven o'clock, I went to No. 17, Dacre-street, Westminster; I saw the three prisoners in a room, with a man named Comerford - I searched Flint, and found this property in his pocket; I put it on the table, and went to handcuff them, Flint took up a shovel, and said he would knock my bl - y brains out- he first struck me on the hand, and cut it; he then struck me on the loins and the side - they then all closed on me; I drew Flint to the door, locked the door, and put the key into my pocket - Flint then drew me towards the fire; they pinched me in a part of my body which gave me great pain, and kicked me - they got the key from my pocket, and got the door open; I dragged Flint to the door, and we both fell out - I got him to the door, and another officer, who was going by, assisted me, and we handcuffed him: I went to look for the property which I had left on the table, and it was gone - I got over the wall, into the yard of another house, where I found it.
Prisoner Flint. Q. Was I not lying on the table? A. No, he was standing by the fire - Binglow and Comerford were sitting down; I cannot say which of them pinched me.


                  AUGUSTA 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Wright
               



            . Evans lived in our parlour - I was sitting by the fire in my room, and heard a cry of Murder! I came down, and saw Flint lying in the passage, and two officers trying to handcuff him - Bicknell then asked where his hat and the parcel were; he went into the room, and the parcel was gone - I had seen Evans go towards the yard with a parcel; we went and found it over the wall of the next house.
ROBERT TYRRELL. I am a Police-officer. On Sunday, the 15th of November, I took Evans in Westmister; I accused her of the robbery, and asked her why she threw the bundle over the wall - she said she was in such a flurry she did not know what she did; I then went to Bedfordbury, where I had information Binglow was - I knocked at the door of the room, but got no answer - I burst the door open, and found him there, in the dark, without his shoes.


                  JOHN 
                  HOOD
               



            . I am porter at the Ship. I saw the two male prisoners and the prosecutor at our house, about three o'clock that day; I heard the prosecutor say he had lost his parcel - the prisoners and the other man went out the back way; I went and told the Police.
Prisoner Flint. Q. Were there not others there? A. Yes, two or three other persons.
DANIEL HILL. I know this is my velvet - I bought it an hour before; this kerseymere is the last of a piece, and this other is the first of a piece, which makes them remarkable.
Flint's Defence. I had nothing to do with the articles - I was going to my mother-in-law, and knowing Evans I called upon her; I went into her room, and asked if she would have any thing to drink - I sent for something: I own I had been drinking with the prosecutor, and was rather intoxicated; I laid my head on the table, and when the officer came in, I was roused up with the parcel in my pocket, but I do not know how it got there.

Evans' Defence. I am innocent - I had been out that morning to a lady, about a lying in letter; I threw the bundle into the passage in my flurry.
FLINT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
BINGLOW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
EVANS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Judgment Respited
            .
