





323 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     KEARNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of December
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Jean Baptiste 
                           Lebeau
                        




                     
                  , one hat, value 5 s., and three 1 l. Bank notes, his property
            .


                  JEAN 
                  BAPTISTE LEBEAU
               



             (through an interpreter). I was servant
 to the Chevalier Ruspini, who lives in Pall Mall. I met the prisoner in Pall Mall about seven o'clock one evening; he said he was in distress, and asked me to assist him. I gave him 18 d. - he then took me to Jackson's in St. Martin's-lane, I there gave him a 1 l. note. I waited there three-quarters of an hour with him; he then took me to a public-house in Covent Garden


, made me drunk there, took me up stairs, and put me to bed himself. I was so drunk I do not know what happened after - he did not sleep with me. In the morning, when I awoke, four 1 l. notes and my hat were gone. He had left his old hat behind.
Prisoner. Q. Did not the landlord shew you up to bed as well as me - A. No. I had seen the prisoner at Canterbury three weeks before.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I am in the Coldstream regiment of Guards; the prisoner belongs to the 19th regiment. I have known the prosecutor about a month; he came to me on the 21st or 22d of December, and said a soldier
 had robbed him of three 1 l. notes and his hat, at the Russell coffee-house, under the Piazza, Covent Garden; he described him to me, I went with him to find him out, and between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I took the prisoner under the Piazza, Lebeau was with me, and pointed him out. He said he had the man's money, but he meant to come back and give it to him again. He had the hat on his head. Lebeau said he had given him 18 d. to get a lodging, and 1 l. to buy a jacket. Only 10 s. was found on him.


                  GEORGE 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner in Covent Garden, on this charge; he was intoxicated then. The prosecutor gave him in charge. He had the prosecutor's had on - it was better than his own.


                  CHARLES 
                  BOLTON
               



            . I assisted in apprehending the prisoner; he only left a regimental cap at the hotel.
(Hat produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
