





1674. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, a muff, value 2 l.; a pelisse, value 2 l.; a gown, value 10 s.; four pairs of shoes, value 4 s.; a box, value 4 d., and a canvass wrapper, value 6 d.
            ,the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Pickford
               



             and others, his partners.
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the property of 
               
                  Elizabeth Ann 
                  Robberds
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  BUNTING
               



            . I am watchman at Mr. Thomas Pickford's, Castle Inn yard, Wood-street


 - he has several partners. On the 20th of October, at half-past five o'clock, I went round the yard, and stopped the prisoner taking a box out of the yard, from one of the waggons; I asked what he was going to do with it: he said twice, that it was his own; he was alone; a person came to my assistance; I gave him in charge; the box has been opened, and contains the articles stated in the indictment.
Prisoner. Q. Did you ask if the box between the shafts of the waggon belonged to me, or to a man who went out of the yard at the time? A. No, I asked what he was going to do with it - he said it belonged to him - he had got it off the waggon on the ground, and had hold of it, but on seeing me he let go and drew away from it.


                  NATHAN 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am porter in the yard. On the 20th of October, between five and six o'clock, Bunting called me, saying the prisoner was stealing a box; I secured him - it contained these articles; he proposed to give me money two or three times to let him go, saying it would be of no benefit to me to lock him up.


                  HENRY 
                  BATTEN
               



            . I signed the carrier's book for the delivery of the box, and saw it on one of the waggons in the yard about half-past five o'clock.


                  JAMES 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Pickford. I put the box on the near corner of the fore-part of the waggon - the prisoner had no business in the yard.


                  ROBERT 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I am clerk to Thomas Pickford and Co. The box was directed to Elizabeth Ann Robberds, to the care of Cope, of Manchester.


                  JOHN 
                  SHEPPARD
               



            . I took charge of the prisoner. The box contained the articles stated in the indictment.
Prisoner's Defence. I had come from Manchester nine days previous; I received a letter, telling me that my box would be sent to Castle Inn yard, by the waggon - I went there, and on my way to the booking-office, I saw this gentleman, who accosted me by saying "What is that man doing with the box?" I said "I suppose it is his own, you had better ask him;" he walked round, and said "I shall detain you," and collared me: he said I was going to steal the box; I said I had nothing to do with it, and did not know the other man. On the way to the watch-house the man said "This is a very curious business, if you will give me some money I will make things pleasant for you." I said I had no money, but if drink would do, I would give him some rather than be locked up.
NATHAN JACKSON. I swear positively I never made any offer to him; he said nothing about expecting a box from Manchester.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
