





890. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     PARTRIDGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of June
, six silver spoons, value 13 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hulme
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  CARPENTER
               



            . I am a servant to 
               
                  John 
                  Hulme
               



            , a pawnbroker
, of Elephant-place, Commercial-road


. On the 7th of June the prisoner came and asked to see some spoons. I showed her some - she wished somebody to go with her as far as the Good Samaritan, to show them to her mistress. I took three half-dozen, and went with her. When we got to the house she took them from me, wrapped them in a handkerchief, and said she did not wish the master to see them, as her mistress wanted to replace them unknown to him. She wished me to stop outside, while she went in, to enquire if her master was come home. She went in, the door being half open, returned, and said her master had come home unexpectedly, and asked me to go into the parlour, or I might leave them with her mistress myself. I went in, she shut the door, and directly after returned, saying, she wished me to have something to drink, that her master should not suspect anything. I said I was not in the habit of drinking, and she brought me a glass of beer, which she said her mistress sent me. She went out and shut the door, saying, she was going to her mistress. She had the eighteen spoons, and I saw no more of her. I enquired at the bar, and they knew nothing of her. I went to different pawnbrokers, who had been served the same way. I found her on Saturday week at Goodburn's, a pawnbroker, whereshe had been stopped. I am positive she is the person. Six spoons were found at Avila's, a pawnbroker, in Mile-end-road - he is not here. Another half-dozen were found at Reynolds's, another pawnbroker. I am certain they are my master's - I have no doubt of it.


                  JOHN 
                  HULME
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I saw the spoons at the office, and I am certain they are mine.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
