





1250. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BARNETT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of April
, 2 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        Nathaniel 
                        Skuse
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEATH
               



            . I am a watchman of Whitechapel. On the 23d of April I was in Osborne-street, at half-past 12 o'clock at night. I know Nathaniel Skuse, he lives in Wentworth-street; he was in Osborne-street


, very drunk - and the prisoner leading him. I followed and saw the prisoner take his right-hand from Skuse's right-hand pocket. I went up and asked if he was his friend - he said he was - I said, "I think you have robbed him." I took him to the watch-house - Skuse, said in his presence, that he had lost two sovereigns. The officer found two sovereigns in the prisoner's fob pocket.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Did you not see a friend of Skuse's there? A. Yes; the prisoner did not say he had asked him to assist; he is not here, nor is Skuse.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAILES
               



            . I was officer of the night. Skuse was brought in, and said he had been robbed of two sovereigns by the prisoner, who had laid hold of his arm, and put his hand into his pocket - the prisoner said he had only got 7s. I searched him and found that. I then said"I'll search your fob," which I did, and found two sovereigns. I then searched the prosecutor and found some silver on him, his right-hand breeches pocket was turned inside out - he had a bundle of papers.
Cross-examined. Q. Where was the silver? A. In his waistcoat-pocket; his friend was not bound over.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming home and saw this man laying insensible on the ground - a man, calling himself his friend, asked me to assist; the watchman came up, and asked if I was his friend - I said "No; but I was assisting;" he said he thought he saw my hand come from his pocket. I can prove how I got the 2l. 7s.; the prosecutor afterwards said he had lost nothing. I declare my innocence - the prosecutor was locked up himself, as he was drunk - his friend has not been heard of since.

WM. HEATH
            . The prosecutor was locked up - he did say afterwards, that he had lost nothing; his friend was close by him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a carman and live in Mercer's-row, Shadwell. On the 23d of April I paid the prisoner 2l. 10s. for a suit of clothes. I gave him two sovereigns and a half in gold - this was about seven o'clock in the evening. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
