





851. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     KILPATRICK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of March
, 1 ham, value 13s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Tofts
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  TOFTS
               



            . I am a cheesemonger
. I lost this ham from my shop on the 14th of March - I was not at home when it was taken; I left it safe at four o'clock, and when I came home at five it was brought back, and the prisoner was in the watch-house - I know it by a mark.


                  GEORGE 
                  ROOKER
               



            . I am a butcher. I saw the prisoner come from Mr. Tofts' door, and when he turned the corner I saw him take this ticket off the ham; I ran and asked Mrs. Tofts if she had sold it - she said No; I then pursued the prisoner - he dropped the ham; I lostsight of him - I took it up, and gave it to a boy while I parsued the prisoner, whom I had noticed before; I can swear he is the person - I had noticed that he had a round cut coat and corderoy trousers - I had seen his side face; I saw him again in about a minute - he ran down a court which has no thoroughfare, then returned towards me, and I took him - he said he had done nothing.


                  GEORGE 
                  BOWER
               



            . I took the prisoner, and produce the ham.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been with a young man to Somer's-town - he told me to wait in that court; the witness caught hold of me, and said I had stolen a ham.


                  GEORGE 
                  ROOKER
               



            . I said nothing to him about a ham till I got him back to the shop, and then he begged very hard to be let go.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
