







Second London Jury - before Mr. Justice Gazelee.
1798. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD HUBAND 
                     JONES
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS THOMAS 
                     MAYNARD
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH WILLIAM 
                     WEST
                  



               
             were indicted for that 


               they, on the 18th of April
, at St. Dunstan in the East


, feloniously did cause and procure to be falsely made, forged and counterfeited, a certain false, forged and counterfeit warrant, for payment of money
            , which is as follows:
Custom House, London, 9th April, 1829.
Whereas the Collector and Comptroller of Fowey have represented to us that there is not money at that port sufficient to defray the necessary charges there; and whereas the Comptroller-general, after examining the said Collector and Comptroller's account current, has certified to us the truth of the same: you are to pay Mr. William G. Hemsworth, collector of the port, the sum of 1,973l., taking his receipt for the same, attested by his Comptroller.
£. 1,973. C. W. WM. CUST. S. G. LUShINGTON. H. LEGGE. To Sir 
               
                  William 
                  Booth
               



             by, Bart., Receiver-general and Cashier of the Customs. with intent to defraud our Lord the 
               
King



            , against the Statute.
2nd COUNT, the same, only charging the intent to be to defraud Sir 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Boothby
                  



               
            , Bart
.
3rd and 4th COUNTS, the same as the first and second, only calling the instrument an order instead of a warrant.
5th COUNT, charging the prisoners with falsely making, forging and counterfeiting, &c. the said warrant, with intent to defraud the King.
6th COUNT, charging them with uttering and publishing the said warrant as true, with the like intent.
7th and 8th COUNTS, the same as the fifth and sixth, only stating the intent to be to defraud Sir William Boothby.
9th and 10th COUNTS, the same as the fifth and sixth, only calling the instrument an order instead of a warrant.
11th COUNT, for forging the same, with intent to defraud Sir William Boothby.
12th COUNT, for uttering and publishing the said order as true, with intent to defraud Sir William Boothby.
13th COUNT, for uttering and publishing as true a certain false, forged and counterfeited warrant for payment of money, and a certain false, forged and counterfeit receipt for money, well knowing the same to be false, forged, and counterfeited; and which said false, forged and counterfeit receipt for money is as follows:
Fowey, - Received, 13th April, 1829, of Sir William Boothby, Bart., Receiver-general and Comptroller of his Majesty's Customs
, the sum of 1973l., being the amount of the annexed impressed order.
Witness, H. J. W. COUCHE. W. G. HEMSWORTH, Collector. with intent to defraud the King.
14th COUNT, stating the intent to be to defraud Sir William Boothby.
15th and 16th COUNTS, the same as the thirteenth and fourteenth, only calling it an order instead of a warrant, and an acquittance instead of a receipt.

17th COUNT, that the said 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Thomas Maynard
               



             feloniously did utter and publish as true the said warrant and receipt, well knowing it to be forged and counterfeited, with intent to defraud the King.
18th COUNT, that the said 
               
                  Richard 
                  Huband Jones
               



             and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  William West
               



            , before the felony last aforesaid was done and committed, feloniously and maliciously did make, move, procure, counsel, hire and command the said 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Thomas Maynard
               



             the said felony to do and commit, against the Statute.
19th and 20th COUNTS, the same as the seventeenth and eighteenth, only stating the intent to be to defraud Sir William Boothby.
21st COUNT, charging the said 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Thomas Maynard
               



             with uttering and publishing as true the said order and acquittance, well knowing it to be forged, with intent to defraud the King.
22nd COUNT, charging 
               
                  Richard 
                  Huband
               



             Jones and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  William West
               



             as accessaries before the fact, as before.
TWO OTHER COUNTS, stating the intent to be to defraud Sir William Boothby.
MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL with MESSRS. BOLLAND and SHEPPARD conducted the prosecution.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ROBERT
               



             MURE. I am an extra clerk in the Comptroller-general's office, in the Custom-house, and was so in April last. These papers (looking at them) were presented to me to be entered and marked, on Saturday, the 18th of April - it was the day after Good Friday - I cannot speak exactly to the hour; it was between twelve and two o'clock; I have no recollection of the person who presented them to me - I observed he was not a tall man; I entered and marked the documents in a green book, which I hold in my hand, and returned them to the person who brought them - the prisoner Jones was a clerk
 in the same department as me, in the Comptroller-general's office, but does not sit in the same room - I have known him since I entered that office, which was about a year and a half ago; I never knew him in any other office in the Customs.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You put your name to them, supposing them genuine documents? A. I did.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. How many clerks are there in the Comptroller-general's office? A. Ten or twelve - it is all considered the same department.


                  EDWARD 
                  BEAUMONT
               



            . I am assistant to the receiver general of the Customs, and was so in April last; these two documents (looking at them) were produced to me on the 18th of April by a person who was rather short - I think the person was very much like the short prisoner(Maynuard); I am unable to identify him - I saw him for a very short time; I think the resemblance strong, but cannot identify him - on the documents being put into my hand, there was something in the receipt, that struck me, a little remarkable; it appeared something like a schoolboy's writing - I communicated with the corresponding clerk, and being satisfied the document was genuine, I marked it for payment, with my initials and the date, the 18th of April - the course of business, after I had marked it, would be for the individual presenting it to me, to present it at the Treasury for payment, which, I believe, was the case - for Croxford, the clerk of the Treasury, not having cash to meet it, came to me for a cheque on the Bank, to pay it with; (looking at the cheque) this is the cheque I gave him for it - this receipt was annexed to the document, and purports to be signed by the comptroller of the Customs; when I pay a warrant of this sort, I do not ask the name of the person receiving it, or for whom it is received - that is Croxford's duty; I have been in the Custom-house upwards of thirty-four years - these two documents are filled up perfectly regular and correct in all parts.
Q. Are both these documents the work of one office or would they pass through two offices? A. That would emanate from the Secretary's department; I know of no order given at the Bank respecting the payment of cheques for the Customs - (looking at a 5l. note) after this fraud had been committed, I traced a 5l. note; I believe this is it, by the name of Maynard at the back of it, but I have put no mark on it - I obtained that note from the Bank of England; I think, on the 7th of May I went to Lees', the banker's in Lombard-street, from there to Ruden and Co's., Salvador-house, Bishopsgate-street - I finally traced it to a baker, of the name of Bristow; I have no doubt this is the note delivered to me, in consequence of this notice from the Bank, which is attached to it - I had no other 5l. note at that time; it was cancelled when I got it from the Bank - I had no other cancelled note. After this fraud was discovered, placards were stock in the lobby of the Custom-house; here is one which I took down from the officer - the 5l. note, No. 5068, is the last of the series mentioned here.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You think one of the prisoners is like the person, but you do not swear which? A. Certainly not; if I had met him in the street or play-house, I think I might have passed him without noticing him - the name of Maynard on the note is not my writing; I identify it, by that name being on it when I received it cancelled from the Bank - I never had it before.


                  JOHN 
                  CROXFORD
               



            . I am in the Treasury department of the Receiver-general's office, and was so in April. These documents (looking at them) were presented to me for payment, on the 18th of April, by a person who stated that he came from Praed and Co's. house; I examined the documents afterwards, and found Praed and Co. written across it, and asked him, supposing he had been in the habit of coming from Praed's, why he had not put his name on it as usual, and he wrote his name, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Maynard
               



             - from the appearance of the prisoner Maynard, I believe him to be the man who presented it; I had not sufficient money to pay it, and went to Mr. Beaumont and asked him for a draft on the Bank of England - he gave me this draft, to the best of my recollection (looking at it) - I gave it to Maynard; it was necessary that he should take the draft to the Comptroller-general, to be countersigned by him before it would be paid at the Bank - I do not think that I told him that was necessary.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Had you any previous acquaintance with the person you call Maynard? A. Not to my knowledge; I see a great many persons in the course of business - when I saw Maynard again, he was in custody and pointed out to me as the man charged with this offence: I had not seen him from the day he presented it, till he was in custody - I do not swear positively to him, but I believe him to be the man.

Q. If you had never seen him in custody, but had seen him elsewhere, should you say "That is the man, I believe, who brought the order?" A. No, because I should not notice him; if I had been shown him in a coffee-house and been asked, if I had seen that man before, I think I should have known him.
MR. ATTORNEY GENERAL. Q. Had you a good opportunity of seeing him at the Custom-house? A. I had.


                  GEORGE 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a clerk in the Comptroller-general's office at the Custom-house. On the 18th of April, I recollect this warrant for 1973l. being brought in (looking at it) - it was presented to Mr. Mure in my presence; it was necessary for him to make an entry of it, in a book- while he was so doing, I observed the person who brought it, sitting on a box near me; the prisoner, Maynard, very much resembles that person - to the best of my belief, he is the person; I had an opportunity of seeing him for a quarter of an hour; I should think - the prisoner Jones, is in the same office as myself; the green book is kept in the Secretary's office - whether he had access to it, I cannot say.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Can you take on yourself to say the person was there a quarter of an hour? A. I am confident it was near a quarter of an hour; Mr. Mure had to examine the document to see if it was correct, and make an entry of it; he had not got to copy it - he did not remain longer than while Mr. Mure was so engaged: all the time he was in the office Mr. Mure was engaged writing - there is a railing round the first clerk's desk, but Mr. Mure's desk is not enclosed by any partition; I was sitting opposite Mr. Mure - there was no railing to prevent my seeing him; I was engaged reading and examining debentures, which Mr. Mure was ticking off, prior to the person coming with the document - we both left off instantly: I did not see Maynard again for about four months - he was then in custody on this charge.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. When the person entered, you left off reading the debentures - were you employed doing any thing else, or had you an opportunity of observing the person? A. I had an opportunity of observing him, because I could not go on without Mure.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DICKINSON
               



            . I am assistant comptroller. I have been in the office since last December; before that I was inspector of out-port collectors' accounts - if an outport collector has occasion for money, the practice at that time was either to apply to the Board, or to make a statement to the comptroller-general of his account; if it is found he is in want of money, an entry is made in this green book (producing it) by a clerk in the office - it is called the receiver-general's interest book: the clerk enters it, and then brings it to the chief clerk to put his initials - the book is then taken to the Secretary's office; what passes there I do not know - the prisoner Jones was a clerk in the Comptroller's office; I found him there when I came in December - his salary was 90l. a year; the hours of attendance are from ten till four - he had a specific duty, which was to enter the reports of the principal of the department; that required his attendance daily, except on holidays - I sat in another room, and therefore had not constant inspection of him, to see whether he was there every day; when an order is made on the Bank for the payment of money by the receiver-general, it is countersigned by myself and the chief clerk, by power of attorney from the Comptroller-general; it is countersigned before it is taken out; Jones had been in the office some years, as I understand, and would be acquainted with the forms of the office - this order on the Bank has my signature to it; I have no recollection of the person who brought it to be signed - the green book is kept usually in the Secretary's office, I believe; I expect that the clerks in both offices had access to it; one of the clerks going to the office, and inquiring for it, would of course have it - it is not locked up during office hours.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many clerks are there in the Secretary's office? A. I do not know - there are certainly more than half a dozen.


                  CHARLES 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am northern clerk in the Custom-house. My duty is to conduct the correspondence with the northern division; if application is made by a northern agent for money, I have to obtain an order from the Board for that purpose; I mark the order with my initials - there is another clerk for the western department; Mr. Harrison was that clerk, but he was absent from the 7th of April, in consequence of illness, and I took the duty of the western department during his absence - an order procured on the 9th of April would have my initials; I also make a mark in the green book, when the document has been returned, passed through my hands - I put my initials in the green book, which is brought to me by the clerk who fills up the order; the letters C. W. in the margin of this order are not my initials - they are in the proper place where they would be if the order was genuine; I had occasion to make my initials several times in the green book in April - I have been in the Custom-house nearly twenty-four years; the prisoner Jones has been a clerk there about five years - be first was in the Searcher's department, and subsequently in the Comptroller-general's; documents for the payment of money to the collectors of out-ports pass through both those offices.
HONOURABLE 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CUST
               



            . I am one of the commissioners of Customs. The signature to this document is not mine.
HONOURABLE 
               
                  HENEAGE 
                  LEGGE
               



            . I am a commissioner of Customs. This signature, purporting to be mine, is not my 
writing.


                  STEPHEN 
                  GEORGE LUSHINGTON
               



            , ESQ. I am a commissioner of Customs. The signature purporting to be mine is not my writing.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GLASSFORD HEMSWORTH
               



            . I am collector of the Customs at Fowey. The signature to this receipt is not my writing; I know the hand-writing of Mr. Couche, the comptroller of the port of Fowey - this signature appears not to be his writing.
MR. BODKIN to 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  JONES
               



            . Q. I think you said that when you saw the man whom you believe to be Maynard again, he was in custody at the office? A. Yes; I was at Bow-street at one examination, which was about four months after the transaction, and saw Maynard in custody on this charge; I was not examined at the office at all; it was the second examination I was there; I was not asked any questions.


                  HENRY 
                  SAMUEL
               



             NAISH. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. This cheque (looking at it) was presented there for payment on the 18th of April; I gave two tickets on different offices for the payment of it, and have themhere - one is on the Pay-clerks office for 1970l. in notes, and the other for 3l. on the In-teller's office; I saw the person who presented it, but do not recollect what passed - the person must have said he would take it short or in notes, or I should not have given the ticket on the pay-clerks for the sum; I took notice of the person presenting it - he was of a middle stature, and shabbily dressed; from Maynard's height and age, I should say he hears some resemblance.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HIGMAN
               



            . I am a clerk in the Bank. This ticket, marked A., was presented to me on the 18th of April by a person of middle stature, and dressed in a brown coat, as well as I can remember, and there was asecond person accompanying him; the prisoner Maynard resembles the party who presented this ticket to me; I have no recollection of the other - I asked the person presenting it how he wished it to be paid; he said (looking at a book) he would have two 500l., nine 100l., one 50l., and four 5l. Bank notes; I paid him those notes - this book contains the entry, here is a book containing the number of the notes; the 500l. were Nos. 2536 and 2537, dated the 6th of April, 1829 - nine of 100l., Nos. 19,417 to 19,425, both inclusive, dated the 11th of April - one of 50l., No. 16,63, dated the 21st of March - four of 5l., Nos. 5865 to 5868, dated the 9th of March (looking at a 100l. note, number 19,495) - I have no doubt of this being one of them; and this 5l. note, number 5868, is also one.
Q. Have you any recollection of the person who presented the ticket? A. I have some slight recollection of the party; the prisoner Maynard resembles the person who presented it - the other was dressed in a blue coat, but I did not notice him.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Does it distinctly appear in your book that the numbers are inclusive? A. They are; if you count the numbers you will find it must be so, and they are all marked off in my book; I paid him new notes with no names on them; there are now several names on this note as if it had passed through several hands - it is quite in a different state as to the names on it; it appears as if there had been some writing on the face also.
MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL. Q. There were no such names on it when it left the Bank? A. No; I cannot tell who put them on.


                  JOHN 
                  HAWKES
               



            . I am in the Pay-clerks' office at the Bank, and on the 18th of April, I, in conjunction with Mr. Higman, paid this ticket; this 100l. and 5l. notes are part of the notes paid by me; there were two of 500l. in the sum.


                  GEORGE 
                  DYER
               



            . I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I produce two 500l. notes, Nos. 2536 and 2537, dated the 6th of April, 1829 - one 50l., No. 1663, dated the 21st of March - and eight of 100l., Nos. 19,417 to 19,424 inclusive, dated the 11th of April.


                  THOMAS 
                  BENJAMIN KINGSTON
               



            . I am a clerk in the Tellers' office at the Bank. On the 18th of April I paid sovereigns for two 500l. notes and one 50l. note; it was about a quarter before two o'clock as near as I can tell - they were presented by a tall thin man; the prisoner Jones resembles him in point of height and size, that is all I can say - there was somebody with him.


                  JEFFERY 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a clerk in the Comptroller-general's office in the Custom-house. I discovered this forgery about a quarter-past three o'clock on the 18th of April; the prisoner Jones was a clerk in the Comptroller's office - the forgery was a frequent subject of conversation in the office; Jones would have the same opportunity of reading the advertisement of the numbers of the notes, which was posted in the Custom-house, as others; it was known to every body in the office that the notes were stopped at the Bank; it was a subject of general conversation in the office.


                  JOHN 
                  GROVE
               



            . I am a clerk at Messrs. Masterman and Co.'s, Nicholas-lane. I did not know the prisoner Jones till the 27th of April, when he introduced himself, opened an account at our house, and left 758l. in gold there; the whole has been drawn out since.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. You were personally present, were you? A. I received the money from him; he said he wished to deposit it for some short time with us.
COURT. Q. When was the last drawn out? A. On the 6th of August - the account was opened in his own name, and drawn out in his own name.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POOL MANGER
               



            . I am a clerk in the Secretary's office in the Custom-house. I have known Jones rather more than three years; when he first came into the Custom-house he was in the Secretary's department, and was then removed to the Comptroller's; I know he was in difficulties in the year 1828, for I was applied to by a relative to settle his private affairs; I communicated with Jones, and found he was in difficulties - the amount I paid for him was about 100l.; it was an arrangement with his creditors - they had 20s. in the pound; I got part of it from a relative, and deducted part from his own salary; I saw him in June last, when he told me his wife had 700l., and a piano left by a relative of his wife's, residing in Newgate-street or the Old Bailey, I do not know which - I advised him to invest it; I have seen the warrant and receipt - in the way they are got, I should say it was certainly necessary for the person to be acquainted with the method of business in the Secretary and Comptrollers' offices.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long before the 27th of April was it you advised him to invest the money? A. It was about the 9th or 10th of June this year; I had been intimate with him about three years - his difficulties were finally settled in February, 1829; that was the last payment I made - the money was advanced him by a gentleman moving in a respectable sphere of life, and of some opulence.
MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL. Q. Would the gentleman that advanced the money allow it to pass through his own hands, or did he give it to you? A. He gave it to me - he had no communication with the prisoner himself.


                  JOHN 
                  DEAN
               



            . I live in Wilmot-street, Brunswick-square. On the 25th of April the prisoner Jones bought a piano-forte of me, and paid me 17l. in sovereigns for it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DWELLY
               



            . I am an irommonger, and live in Tottenham-court-road. In April last the prisoner Jones' wife bought some things of me - she represented herself as his wife; I only knew where Jones lived from what she told me - I delivered the articles at No. 6, Somer's-town-terrace; I saw the person who bought them, and the landlord and landlady of the house, who were with her at the time the purchase was made; these are the bill and receipts given (looking at them) - she paid me about 16l. I think in gold.



                  CHARLES 
                  SAVILL
               



            . I am in the service of Evans and Dry, linen-drapers, of Tottenham-court-road. In April last I sent some goods to Somer's-town-terrace; I do not know the number - (looking at a bill) this is the bill and receipt for the goods I sent - it is in my writing; the porter was paid for them - it was 11l. 7s. 8d.; he paid the money to my master - I cannot say whether it was notes or gold.


                  CHARLES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I keep a china and glass shop in Tottenham-court-road. In April last I sold some goods to a Mrs. Jones - they were sent to No. 6, Somer's-town-terrace; I received 6l. 12s. for them.


                  ANTHONY 
                  WAGSTAFF
               



            . I am a furniture-broker, and live in Castle-street, Long-acre. In April last some goods were purchased of me, in the name of JOnes, by an elderly man and woman, and a young woman - I sent them, I think, to Marchmont-street, Somer's-town; these are the bills and receipts I gave for them - one is made out by me, and the other by my man; the 24th of April was the time most of the goods were purchased - my man received 31l. 9s., and I received 5l; this receipt enables me to say that it was on the 27th of April - here are two bills and two receipts.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. The only thing that is in your hand-writing is one receipt? A. Yes, and that is dated the 27th of April.
MR. ATTORNEY GENERAL. Q. Do you know, from your own recollection, that the other goods were sold before that day? A. Yes - the bill and receipt is made by my shopman.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SALMON
               



            . I am a Police-officer, and apprehended the prisoner Jones, on Thursday, the 13th of August - a person, named Bull, pointed him out; I did not know Jones at the time - I afterwards ascertained what his name was, and where he lodged; I did not take him at his lodgings - we had previously made inquiries, and found he lodged at No. 59, Judd-street; I searched what I supposed to be his lodging there - I left him with Bull, at a public-house, while I went to search; I do not think I spoke to him about his lodgings, but I went there with his wife, who was present when I apprehended him; at the search I found all these papers there, and marked them - I did not show them to him.
COURT. Q. Did you know it was his wife, except from what she told you? A. I did not - she said nothing in his presence; we would not allow them to speak.


                  GEORGE 
                  WATSON WOOD
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Hamlin, jeweller, of Princes-street, Coventry-street. On the 10th of August I remember the prisoner Jones coming to purchase some jewellery - I think it was near eleven o'clock; he was dressed in a frock-coat - I do not recollect the colour; he had mustachios, which he has not now- he asked to see some necklaces, which I showed him; they were too expensive for him; he then asked to see some ear-rings and lockets, which were shown him - he agreed to purchase jewellery to the amount of 6l. 14s., and tendered me a 100l. note in payment; I called Mr. Bull, the clerk - he gave it to him; I have no doubt of his being the man.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you see any note yourself? A. I did, and should know it again;(looking at it), this is it - here are a number of names which were all on it at the time, except one, which he wrote himself; I think three different names were on it when he gave it to me, to the best of my recollection; the note is in the same situation as when he gave it me, except his own name being on it.
MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL. Q. What name did he put on it? A. 
               
                  William 
                  Arrowsmith
               



            , Green Dragon-lane, rowgate.
JAMES BULL. I am a servant to Mr. Hamlin. I remember this note being given to me to change; the prisoner Jones is the person, I am certain - when it was handed to me I requested him to put his name on the back of it, for I was not satisfied about the note, as well as his appearance; I sent it to the banker's for change - the prisoner walked about the shop while it was gone to the banker's; he walked out, walked in again, and asked for the change - I told him we had not received it, and I had sent to the banker's for it; he said he could not wait for the change, he would write a letter for it - we afterwards sent the note to the Bank; I saw the prisoner write this name on it - I am sure this is the note; I got information from the Bank that it had been stopped - I was out with Salmon looking for him two or three times; we found him in Hadlow-street, Brunswick-square, near Judd-street - I knew him immediately, and laid hold of him; he was dressed very different to when he came to our house - he had a blue coat, buff-waistcoat, gilt buttons, black handkerchief, and had a new silk umbrella in his hand; at our shop he had an old blue coat, much worn, an eye-glass, and a cotton umbrella - he had a pair of mustachios, which he had not got when he was taken up.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. On what day did you sell him the jewellery? A. On the 10th of August - Salmon took him two or three days afterwards.
COURT. Q. Did you address him by any name? A. Yes - I said, "Mr. Arrowsmith, you have not got your mustachios on, how is that?"


                  WILLIAM 
                  POOL MANGER
               



            . I never saw Jones wear mustachios.


                  JOHN 
                  COX
               



            . I keep the Blackmoor's Head in Whitcomb-street. I saw the prisoner Jones at my house on Monday, I think the 10th of August - he came and called for a glass of ale, a sheet of paper, and a pen and ink; he wrote a note, turned to the bar, and asked for a wafer, which I gave him - he went out, returned again, and asked if I could find a person to take a note for him; I got him a man, named Ferguson - he gave a note to Ferguson, and went out at the time Ferguson did; he told him, in my presence, to take the note as directed, to obtain a parcel, and carry it for Mr. Arrowsmith to the Bull and Mouth, Regent-circus, Piccadilly - he was to inquire for a Mr. Arrowsmith, and if he was there to give him the parcel; he came back in about ten minutes - Ferguson had not returned; he told me he would send a Temple porter to my house for the parcel, and I was to take care of it till the Temple porter came for it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who is the man that did all this? A. The prisoner Jones; I have no doubt he is the man - I certainly did doubt at first; I named another person at Bow-street as the man, but I had not seen Jones then - I recalled it almost directly.

Q. Now, did you not look round as attentively as you chose, and say you could not see the man? A. I looked round the office, and saw a man I thought resembled him, but I had not seen Jones then; I did state I did not see the man.
Q. Was not Jones at that time in the office, as conspicuous as any other? A. He was; I did point another man out - I was on my oath at that time; I cannot recollect, but I think some one did tell me to look round again - I have no doubt of it; my attention was directed to the part of the room Jones was in - I selected Jones the moment I saw the man I pointed to - no person pointed to him; I think I was directed to the part of the room he stood in - he was about two yards from me; the man, I first pointed out, was about the same distance - I thought the other man resembled the features at the moment I looked round; I had not then seen Jones - I certainly thought he was the man.
MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL. Q. It turned out you were mistaken? A. I was; I was agitated in giving evidence- I am sure the man told Ferguson he must go for a parcel to Hamlin's, and he said he was to bring it to the Temple; he had no mustachios on when he wrote the note.


                  EDWARD 
                  FERGUSON
               



            . I was sent with a note from the the Blackmoor's Head to Hamlin's; it was on a Monday, and I think the 10th of August; the person told me to go to Mr. Hamlin's, Princes-street, and bring a parcel from there to the Blackmoor's Head to him - I did not see him more than once till I saw him at Bow-street; I knew him again immediately - that is the man (pointing to Jones) -I took the note to Hamlin's and left it there; this is it -(looking at it) - I believe this to be the same.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. You did not know the person before? A. No; when I saw him again he was in custody - Cox was at Bow-street with me; he spoke to the man before I did - I saw him point to a man, but which man it was I do not know; I went into the office, Jones looked round at me directly - Cox had sworn to him before I did; I should not have sworn to him without being positive - I had only seen him once before, but that was for a long time; he wrote the letter in the room - I saw him at Bow-street on the Friday week following; I do not think Cox saw him so long as I did - he was talking to him when he called me to take the letter.
MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL. Q. Did you know the man immediately you got into the office? A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  BULL
               



            . This is the note the witness brought(read.)
Mr. Hamlin, Bridges-street.
Mr. Hamlin is requested to send to Mr. Arrowsmith, by bearer, the jewellery, taking care to enclose the money.


                  JACOB 
                  BEDWIN
               



            . I am a watchman at the Temple, and act as a porter, but have not a badge - I have known Jones about six years, and cannot be mistaken in his person. He came to me on the 10th of August, about one o'clock, just as I was going to dinner, and said he wanted me to go with him - I crossed the Temple with him; he said he wanted me to go to Whitcomb-street to fetch a parcel from a public-house - he did not know the house; we walked together towards Whitcomb-street - before we got there I asked if he had any note for me to fetch the parcel with; he said No - I said,
"I cannot think of fetching it without you give me a note for it;" we went into the Coach and Horses, near the New Church, in the Strand - he wrote a note there in my presence, and put the name of Arrowsmith at the bottom of it; we went out together - when we got to St. Martin's Church he said,"Bedwin, I don't wish you to leave this note;" I said,"What is to indemnify me or the landlord, Mr. Jones; I hope you are not going to bring me into a scrape about this parcel? for I was never brought to justice in my life for any thing;" I went on with him - he went within four or five yards of the house with me, and pointed out to me the Blackmoor's Head, in Whitcomb street - I gave the note to the landlord, but did not get the parcel; I went back to Jones and told him the parcel was not come, that the publican had sent to Mr. Hamlin for it, they said the man who packed it up was not in the way, and they did not know when he might be - Jones told me to stop for the parcel, (and gave me 6d. to get some drink with) and take it to the Bull and Mouth, Regent-circus - this passed in Whitcomb-street, where he had been waiting for me; I went back to the public-house - the landlord spoke to me, and seeing the name of Arrowsmith - I did not stop, but went home; I saw no more of Jones - (note read).
"Please to give the bearer, a messenger from the Temple, whatever was brought from Mr. Hamlin for Mr. Arrowsmith."
10th of August.


                  THOMAS 
                  FINCH
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and have known the prisoner West five or six months - I have known Maynard about the same time; I have seen the prisoner Jones once at Mr. Davies', the Lord Nelson public-house, Trafalgar-street, Walworth; that was four or five months ago, probably - Maynard and West were in his company; they were having some gin - hot together - it was some time in April, and I think was after Easter; they were talking together of their having been drunk over night - I staid about an hour, and left them there; I made a remark to the landlord about West, that day - I knew Jones again when I saw him in Newgate, on Monday.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Had you seen him since, till you saw him in Newgate? A. No, I knew nothing of him before; I was told to come and pick out the man I had seen there - I did not see him at Bow-street; I had gone to the public-house to have half a pint of beer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MICHAEL DAVIES
               



            . I keep the Lord Nelson public-house. I saw Finch at my house some time in April - I am acquainted with West and Maynard perfectly well, and think I saw Jones with them once, in the middle of April, when Finch was in the tap-room; Finch made a remark to me about them - I have known West about two years; I was not in the habit of giving him much credit - some days before I saw the three together; I saw a handful of sovereigns in West's hand at my house - I cannot say whether any body was with him at that time.


                  JAMES 
                  JOHN SMITH
               



            . I am a principal officer of Bow-street. In consequence of information I had, I watched a house in Camden-street, Walworth-common, to look after the prisoner Maynard - I got a clue to him, and in consequence of information, I watched another house inSalisbury-street, New North-road, Hoxton; it was about the beginning of August, I think, when I began to watch- I know 
               
                  Maria 
                  Jennings
               



            ; she passes as Maynard's wife, and was living at the house at Hoxton - West was also living there, with Mrs. West, and two of Maynard's children; while I was watching, I frequently observed West come out, and the women also - on the 27th I saw some man come there, whom I had not seen previously; on the 28th I saw some goods brought out of the house, and go away in a cart - after this I saw a hackney-coach brought up to the door by West; some boxes were put into it -Mrs. West, Maria Jennings, and the two children, got in, West remained with the coach till they got in; there were three or four large boxes, and a trunk among them- West then came into the New North-road; the coach that had taken the women up then came into the road, and West got into it - I saw the coach some distance, then sent my son-in-law to watch it; he sent for me afterwards, and I went to the corner of Bull and Month-street - then went to the Custom-house, and told what I had heard; I went back again to my son, made inquiry at the booking-office, and from what I discovered there I proceeded by the mail with Taunton, my brother officer, and a young man who could identify Maynard, to Taunton, in Somersetshire - we inquired at Taunton for a person named Baker; we found the prisoners West and Maynard, the same two women and children in a room up stairs, at the Black Horse at Taunton - West was coming down stairs; Maynard was sitting with the women and children - the tea-things were on the table; I told them they were my prisoners, and told Maynard I had been looking for him for some time - he said his name was not Maynard; I asked the young man, who said in his presence that he was Maynard - I told him what I took him for, and searched them; I found on Maynard, in one parcel, 280l. in Bank of England notes - in this paper, which is a memorandum, (see No. 1.) and on the back of it is the number of all the notes; I found another 10l. note wrapped up in part of a letter, which I produce,(see No. 2.) here is another letter directed to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Thomas
               



            , and some bills in the name of Thomas - I found a watch and a musical snuff-box on Maynard, which I have since given to his wife; here are some acceptances of West's, which I found in a pocket-book in a box which I saw West put into the coach, and found at Taunton.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When did you take them at Taunton? A. On Saturday, the 29th of August.
Letters referred to.
No. 1. Monday, the 10th of August. In the event of accident or death, to be given to 
               
                  Maria 
                  Jennings
               



            , for her use, for the benefit of my two dear girls; she lives at No. 2, Ewin's-place, Camden-street, Walworth-common, near Camberwell, or elsewhere. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  THOMAS
               



            .
On the back of this was a memorandum, dated the 3rd of August, of the number of the notes enclosed.
No. 2. To Mr. Thomas, Taunton, Somersetshire, to be left at the Post-office.
Monday, 10th of August, 1829. Dear Sir, It is my intention to start to-morrow morning with the two females and the young ones, from the Bull and Mouth, Bull and Mouth-street, near the new Post-office, therefore shall expect to meet you at the inn.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TAUNTON
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. I went with Smith down to Taunton, and found Maynard and West - I searched West, and found on him one 200l. and two 40l. Bank notes, and sixty-nine sovereigns; part of the sovereigns were given to his solicitor, and some he has had himself - I found a watch on him, which I gave up to him, but I took this seal off, as it exactly fits the impression on the seal of this letter (No. 2.)


                  JAMES 
                  VINNEY
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live at No. 63, Kent-street, Borough. I have known Maynard three or four years; I know his hand-writing pretty well, but not to be positive of it, (looking at the receipt charged as forged) I believe what is written across this is Maynard's hand-writing.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Do you say so from your knowledge of his hand-writing, or from seeing it under particular circumstances? A. I have seen him write, and from my recollection of his writing, I believe this to be his - I can read writing a little.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. Look at this, (the Bank cheque) whose hand-writing is this on the back? A. I do not know - this is not the same hand.


                  ROBERT 
                  BRISTOW
               



            . I am a baker, and live in Portland-street, Walworth. I know Elizabeth Jennings; she brought me a 5l. note to change on Sunday, the 19th of April - I know her daughter Maria; she passes as Mrs. Maynard - I know Maynard by sight; he is the man whose name she went by - I gave 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Jennings
               



             change for the note; I think it was on Easter Sunday.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Have you any recollection of it, except from what is written on the note? A. I remember giving her the change - I put my hand-writing on it before I gave it her; a gentleman also called to inquire about it.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  JENNINGS
               



            . I have a daughter named Maria; she goes by the name of Jennings - she lived with Maynard in April last, and passed as his wife; I received a note from her - it was put into my hand, but I did not look at it, and should not know it again; I took the same note to Bristow the baker directly: my daughter told me it was a 5l. note - I did not count the change I got for it; I gave it to my daughter - she lived at the time on Walworth-common, in a street near Maynard's house; she was living at his house at the time - I am sure I gave Bristow the same note I got from my daughter.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you ever get any other note changed at Bristow's? A. Never.


                  MARIA 
                  JENNINGS
               



            . I gave my mother a 5l. note to get changed; she brought me the change - I received the note from Maynard the same day as it was changed.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What day of the week was it? A. Friday.


                  MARY 
                  DAVIDSON
               



            . I am a widow, and live at No. 18, Lant-street, Borough; the prisoner Maynard came to lodge with me on the 6th of last September, and remained till Palm Sunday, the 12th of April - he had a wife living with him; when he went away he owed me four guineas, for rent, at six shillings a week - I had applied to him for it from time to time, but have never been paid.


                  THOMAS 
                  VICKERS
               



            . I keep a public-house in Lant-street, Borough. Maynard owed me 1l. 5s. 9d. in April last; I applied to him for it, I think on the 12th of April, but not since.



                  STEPHEN 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I am a clerk at Messrs. Praeds' banking-house, Fleet-street - and have been so for ten years - Maynard had nothing to do with our house; I do not know him - this order on the Customs for 1973l. was never in our house.
Cross-examined by Mr. ADOLPHUS. Q. Do you know all the papers and orders that go through your house? A. Of that date I do; there is no entry in August of that sort - my knowledge is derived from the books which are kept by other people.
COURT. Q. Is Praed and Co., which is written across it, the hand-writing of any person in your house? A. No.


                  EDWARD 
                  BUSHEL
               



            . I am an ironmonger. I have known West about two years and a half, and Maynard twenty months; I know West's writing perfectly well -I have seen Maynard write, and think I know his writing;(looking at the receipt) I believe the body of this to be in West's writing - the name, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Maynard
               



             across it, I believe to be Maynard's writing; I do not positively swear it, (looking at the letter found in Maynard's possession) to the best of my judgement, the whole of this is in West's hand-writing.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Where is your warehouse? A. I have none, nor any shop - I have not dealt in ironmongery lately, not for about a twelve month; I have bought and sold 4000l. or 5000l. worth within this fifteen years; I was a black ironmonger, and was never in business in London; I had a shop at Coventry, in 1815, since which I have been staying in London - I have been a hired servant - I have had no establishment in the ironmongery trade since 1815; I now live in Green-street, Blackfriar's-road, which is in the rules of the Bench, but I am not a ruler - I never in my life was bail for any person at Westminster. nor at Serjeant's Inn - I have been bail to the Sheriff; I have never been bail at Westminster unless once or twice, perhaps, I have put in bail for remnant; I never justified, nor attempted to do so - I have been in the employ of Mr. Turk, at Lambeth, then in Frith-street, Soho, and at Sturch and Co's., where I was two years - that is eleven or twelve years ago; I left him through illness - there was no imputation against me, that I know of - I was never bail at Union Hall; I once bailed a person at Bow-street, seven or eight years ago; I was then selling goods on commission - I know the Globe public-house, Borough-road, and know the landlord - I have not been in the habit of getting bail, or receiving money for doing it - I have when I have been bail - I have asked friends to go to bail; I have been paid my expences for that, but received no fee - nothing more than I considered my expences; I have done that perhaps half a dozen times - I cannot tell to a few times; you may take it at forty in all - I have not been the procurer of bail; I have introduced the parties together, and within fifteen years it may be forty times -I did not give them money to be bail; the defendants themselves did, I dare say, but I do not know it - I did not promise them payment - I know a man they call Mack - I do not know him by any other name; I did not tell him I had been to Bow-street against West, or that if I could swear, so as to convict him, I should get 50l.; I never mentioned such a word; nor that if not, I should have a guinea a day for my trouble - I never thought of such a thing; but that person told me he would go and swear so; he saw it in the newspaper, and came to me next morning, and abused me very much.
Q. Did you ever say with an oath that you would swear above a bit? A. No, I never made use of an oath in his presence - I do not swear very often - I never said that if I got the money I should leave the Borough-road; that I was short of blunt, and not particular - I know Mr. Parish, the clerk of the papers, of the King's Bench.
Q. And if we have him here, you will go on to swear you were never bail for people in the King's Bench? A. Never in my life - I was charged, about fourteen years ago, with not making my accounts correct at a place; there was 3s. 6d. deficient, and when the books were brought forward, it was proved I was innocent and I believe you pleaded for me: it was Mr. Lawford, the ironmonger, made the charge - he was my master - I was acquitted, certainly; I never was in any other disagreeable situatin.
Q. No Custom-house affair? A. I signed a bond for a relation of mine, and suffered six months in Horsemonger-lane for it, four years ago - I was a housekeeper last in Union-row, Kent-road; that is two years ago - I have not been a housekeeper all the time I have been from Coventry - I sometimes was for two or three years, and sometimes not.
MR. ATTORNEY-GENERAL. Q. Who is Mack? A. A person who has been in the army, and now carries yeast about - he sells Birmingham yeast; I have seen the prisoners and him at Mr. Bailey's public-house several times.


                  CHARLES 
                  CUDDEN
               



            . I am a clerk to Messrs. Wright and Co., bankers, Henrietta-street. Our house received a remittance from Paris, in June last - I have the receivingbook here, but the entry is not in my hand-writing - these are three 100l. notes we received from Daley and Co. of Paris - they came into my hands on Saturday, the 27th of June.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Is that the first book in which they are entered? A. No, it is the first book in which they are particularized; the first book is not in my handwriting, but this entry is made by me from the notes themselves - I have the letter here in which they came.
Q. Do you know more of it than their coming to you from the partners, as having come from Daley and Co.? A. The letters are received and brought to us from the partner's room, and the entry made; that is all I know of them.


                  JAMES 
                  BRITTON
               



            . I am a clerk to Messrs. Praeds. I received this 100l. note, No. 19420, dated the 11th of April, 1829, in halves, from Daley and Co., Paris, on the 30th of June, 1829; here is the entry, in my hand-writing.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Letters frequently come to you from the foreign post, enclosing remittances? A. Yes, the letters are opened by the partners; I only know of their coming from Paris, by what the partners tell me.


                  JOSEPH 
                  NORTON
               



            . I am clerk to Fry and Co., merchants, No. 5, Crosby-square; I know of our house receiving some 100l. notes from Paris - these are them (looking at some); I know them from a private mark on them, as well as the numbers - one of the firm opened the letters; I was present and took the notes off the desk, and put a mark on them - I am certain they are the same notes; I have the letter here in which they came.

Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. The foreign post brings to your house letters from different places, do they all come together. A. Yes; they are all handed to the partners and opened together - I take the letters with the Bank notes off the desk; the partner opens every letter, and puts the contents under it - I see him put the notes in the letters and take them to enter; I am guided entirely by what the letter says.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. I think you said you saw them taken out of the letters. A. Yes; that letter, when I took it off the desk, had these notes in it, and I made my private mark on them.
COURT. Q. Who is the partner that opened the letters. A. Mr. Fry; I saw him open them all - I saw him open this; I did not, at the moment he opened it, see it contained notes, nor till after he had opened other letters - after he had opened all his letters, I took them and found these under the respective covers; I can swear these three notes were in this letter, because the numbers correspond with those mentioned in it - I cannot undertake to say they were in it when it was opened by Mr. Fry; I found them in it.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES HOOKEY
               



            . I am a clerk in the Bank of England. On the 6th of July, Mr. Savory, of Cornhill, exchanged two 100l. notes, for which he received five 20l. and ten 10l. notes; the entry is in my hand-writing - the 20l. notes were Nos. 12321 to 12325, dated the 3rd of June, 1829, (looking at three 20l. notes found on Maynard) these are three of them - the 10l. notes were Nos. 4002 to 4011, dated the 5th of June, 1829; (looking at three found on Magnard) these are three of them: On the 13th of July, I paid Mr. Savory, in exchange for a 100l. note, ten 10l. notes, Nos. 2560 to 2569, dated the 17th of June, 1829; (looking at seven 10l. notes found on Maynard) these are part of them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SAVORY
               



            . My father is a bullion dealer, and lives in Cornhill: we frequently have persons come to the shop with Napoleons for sale (looking at a cheque). On the 24th of August, I served a person who brought three hundred and fifty-nine Napoleons - I gave him a cheque on Smith, Payne, and Smith, for 284l. 4s. 2d.; I cannot speak positively to the person - if it was either of the prisoners it was West, but I cannot say that I believe it was him; the name of Must is put on the cheque, which I have got back as paid; I changed three 100l. notes at the Bank of England, and paid the notes I received for them for foreign coin brought to me by somebody - when we pay notes for foreign coin, we make a point of getting them from the Bank; I most likely paid these notes for bullion, but it might be for other things.


                  JOHN 
                  BRYANT PRIESTMAN
               



            . I am clerk to Smith and Payne. I paid this cheque, on the 24th of August, in a 200l. bank note and two 40l. (looking at three notes found on the prisoner West) - these are three of the notes I paid.(The warrant and receipt were here put in and read.)
Jones' Defence (written). My Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury, - I labour under the infirmity of very considerable deafness, which almost incapacitates me from hearing the details of the proceedings in Court upon this most serious occasion, when every earthly interest is at stake, and even my life is placed in jeopardy; but I leave myself in perfect confidence in the hands of my counsel, being satisfied, as I can confidently and solemnly assert myself innocent of the offence of either forging or uttering the document in question; and that I either directly or indirectly counselled, assisted, or afforded any assistance in the fabrication; that no evidence can be produced to connect me in any way with a transaction of which, in truth, I had no knowledge - I therefore leave my case to the discrimination and humanity of the Court and Jury, satisfied that a verdict against me will not be pronounced upon suspicions that have no foundation, or circumstances which lead to no satisfactory proof of guilt on my part.
Maynard's Defence. I know nothing of the transaction- I never had any thing to do with it in any shape or way whatever.
West's Defence. I have no knowledge of the circumstance.


                  JOHN 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I keep the Globe, Borough-road. I have known Bushel about two years, and have seen him at my house frequently, as a customer; he has been in the habit of meeting people at my house for the purpose of procuring bail for them - I have heard him say to the people, "What men do you want; we have them from 20l. to 1000l." - I do not know how he was paid for this; I certainly would not believe him on his oath, from what I know of his character.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. What reason have you for not believing him on his oath? A. I have heard him, when an observation has been made, say, for so and so he would take an oath to such a thing - I think he is that character, he is not to be taken on his oath; I have heard him state on many trifling things which I knew to be false, that he would make an affidavit of it - he frequented my house, and I knew his affairs pretty well.
Q. How? A. I know he is a good for nothing man, and I think he would take any man's character away for 5s. - that is my reason for not believing him.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You have heard him say, for so and so he would make an affidavit; what do you mean? A. Why, if a man wanted him to say he was in such a place on such a day, I believe he is the man that would do it; I have heard him say so - I have seen enough of him to know him.


                  PETER 
                  GEORGE MC EVOY
               



            . I am a dealer in yeast: I have been under government, and have a pension. I know Bushel - I have no malice against him, nor have I quarrelled with him; I had some conversation with him after he had been to Bow-street - he told me if he could swear so as to convict West, he should get 50l. - that if he could not convict him, he should get a guinea a day for his trouble; and he said, "D-n my eyes if I won't swear above a bit; that if he got the money, he would leave the Borough-road to be d-d; that he was short of money, and not particular - this was last Tuesday week; I have known him seven or eight months, and declare I would not believe him on his oath.
MR. SHEPPARD. Q. Where was this? A. In the parlour of the house I lodge at; he was a customer, and came at times - he did not come by invitation, not latterly, when I found what he was - he did not say this to me alone; there were other persons in the room - I do not know who they are; I was subpoenaed to come here last Saturday; he said this after he had given his evidence at Bow-street - I lodge at Bailey's public-house; I have seen West and Maynardthere two or three times - I do not know that I have seen Maynard there above twice; I never saw them together to my knowledge.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. He came into the parlour, and you, being a parlour customer, went in likewise? A. Yes; this conversation was quite voluntary on his part - I sent the next day to tell West of it.
COURT. Q. You say there were several people there? A. Yes; Bailey was not there.


                  AMBROSE 
                  PARISH
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Hewit, in the office of the King's Bench prison, and have been there about seventeen years. I have known Bushel at least ten or twelve years - he has been about the place assisting prisoners, and I believe at times getting bail for them; I have not had much opportunity of judging of his character, for I never associated with him - I should not myself consider him a person to be believed on his oath.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. Now, why do you come to say you would not believe him on his oath? A. I speak in general terms - I do not mean to say he is not to be believed; I only know him about the prison - I had nothing to do with him.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Have you seen him in particular societies, and with particular persons? A. I have seen him almost daily - he seldom or ever goes into the prison; it does not fall within my department to know what he is employed in about there.


                  CHARLES 
                  CHADWICK JONES
               



            . I am a special pleader - my chambers are in Serjeant's Inn, Fleet-street, and my house at Pimlico. I know Bushel, unfortunately, and certainly would not believe him on any oath he would take.
MR. SHEPHERD. Q. For what reason would you not believe him? A. Because he has obtained money from me on several occasions on promises which he never performed, and which I believe at the time he never intended to perform.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Have you any other reason? A. He has told me that he was a common procurer of bail, and would swear any thing if he was paid for it.
MR. SHEPHERD. Q. On what occasion has he made this declaration to you? A. I was some time ago arrested for 500l., by a person calling himself 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Clark
               



             - I indicted the man for perjury, for I did not know him, and never owed him the money; subsequent to my indicting him, Bushel and another man came and said they would point out the person who had arrested me - Bushel came repeatedly, saying he could point out the person who arrested me, and he has on different occasions obtained from a shilling to a sovereign; he and Brook came to me one afternoon, and said, "We have found the man, and if you will appoint your officers to be at Spa-fields, he shall be taken; I went with the officers - Brook pointed out a man named Wild; Bushel was there: Wild was taken and confined two nights in Giltspur-street, and on Monday morning two persons, calling themselves attornies, swore positively he was not the man; he was consequently discharged, and I had an action brought against me - when Brook pointed the man out Bushel said that was right; Wild was first taken to Marlborough-street, and at a public-house there Bushel and Brook obtained from me another sovereign; I have come here with great reluctance, in consequence of being subpoenaed this afternoon.
JURY to 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  BEAUMONT
               



            . Q. Is the receipt said to be written by West, a peculiar form of office, or is it a common receipt, which could be written by an uninformed person? A. It is written according to the usual form; it might be worded different, and yet would be paid, but I should require it to be signed by the collector, and it must be transmitted with the warrant.
JURY to 
               
                  JAMES 
                  JOHN SMITH
               



            . Q. After seeing these people get into the coach, where did you go? A. To the Bull and Mouth; I got there about one o'clock on Friday, the 28th of August, set off that night by the mail, and got to Taunton about half-past one o'clock next day; the others went by the North Devon coach from the Bull and Mouth - I am certain Maynard did not go by that coach; I got there about six hours after the North Devon coach, and found them together about three o'clock.
JONES - 


               GUILTY (on the Counts only, which charge him only as an accessory.)
             Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MAYNARD - 

               GUILTY
             (of uttering) - 


               DEATH
            . Aged 36.
WEST - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
