





1462. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MALONEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Farquhar
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 19th of June I saw the prisoner running in Frith-street; I inquired what was the matter - a lady said he had robbed a gentleman of his handkerchief - I took him, but found nothing on him; a gentleman named Robert Farquhar came to Marlborough-street office afterwards, and said he had been robbed of his handkerchief; the prisoner did not deny it, but begged him not to prosecute.
Cross-examined by Mr. BARRY. Q. Did he say it was the prisoner who took it? A. No.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  WHITE
               



            . On the night of the 19th of June I was in Frith-street


, and saw a gentleman walking very steadily along, with an umbrella under his arm; I saw the prisoner and another lad together; the prisoner drew a yellow handkerchief from the gentleman's pocket; I crossed over, took hold of the prisoner, and said, "Givethe gentleman his handkerchief;" he put up his hand, and said, with an oath, "I have got nothing" - and gave the handkerchief to the other boy, who ran away with it; the prisoner tried to get away, but I held him, and called to the gentleman, who turned round, and I said, "This boy has robbed you of your handkerchief;" he felt in his pocket, and said, "I have lost my handkerchief, which I had, not ten minutes ago;" the prisoner then fell on his knees, and begged the gentleman not to do any thing with him - he let him go; Morris came down the street and took hold of him; I was afterwards fetched to Marlborough-street, and saw the same gentleman there - he said his name was Farquhar, and I think he said John.
Cross-examined. Q. You think it was John? A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORRIS
               



            . Here is a paper on which he wrote his name - it is Robert Farquhar.
Prisoner's Defence. The lady said it was a red one.
SUSANNAH WHITE. No, I said yellow.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
