





1257. 
               
                  
                     LEWIS 
                     LAZARUS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Filor
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 18th of October
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 5 l.; one chain, value 7 l.; two seals, value 5 l., and one key, value 10 s., his property
            .


                  JAMES 
                  FILOR
               



            . On the 18th of October, about six o'clock in the evening, I was getting into the Fulham stage, on the west side of Dover-street


, I was surrounded by a mob, pressed very much, and as I put my foot on the step of the coach was robbed of my watch. I am certain it was the prisoner who snatched my watch - he was one of the crowd - they were returning from Hyde Park corner. I had a full view of his face, and saw the watch in his hand. I called Stop thief! pursued him about six yards, then got into the coach, and was informed he was taken. I found him in custody in a sadler's shop, not five minutes after. There was a very strong light. I am positive he is the man. I was very much hustled.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODERICK. Q. It was dark - A. There were very strong gas lights in a shop. I saw him clearly, and saw it in his hand.


                  EDWARD 
                  RHIND
               



            . I was in company with Read, close behind Mr. Filor - the sawyers were returning from Brandenburgh house - I saw the prisoner rush between him and Radauld, he put his left shoulder against Mr. Filor's right shoulder, and gave him a violent push. Supposing he had robbed him, I laid hold of him by the shoulder, and saw the watch pass; I believe it passed from his hand to another, who laid hold of it by the chain, it struck against a post, and the case fell off; the prisoner then got from my grasp, and was making off, when he saw the case on the ground, picked it up, and I secured him; my brother took it from his hand. I took him into a sadler's shop, Mr. Filor came in, and said he was certain he was the man.
Cross-examined. Q. His back was to you - A. No; his side. The case was picked up not four feet from the place.


                  RICHARD 
                  RADAULD
               



            . I was holding the coach door for Mr. Filor to get in; as he put one foot on the step the prisoner rushed up, and with main force hindered him from getting into the coach, and in a moment I saw the watch pass from towards him to a man, who ran away with it - it hit against a post, and the case came off. I instantly grasped at the prisoner, but could not stop him. He picked up the case, I collared him, and took him into the sadler's. 
               
                  Francis 
                  Rhind
               



             took the case from him.
Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear he took it - A. He is the man who rushed up to the prosecutor,


                  FRANCIS 
                  RHIND
               



            . I saw a gang of well known pickpockets round the coach. I saw the prisoner pick up the case, and took it from his hand - there was a great crowd.


                  CHARLES 
                  READ
               



            . I am a constable. I heard the alarm and assisted in apprehending him. I saw a gentleman hustled, but cannot say it was Filor, as I was behind.
(Watch-case produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I saw the case, and tried to pick it up, but was dragged into a shop.
GUILTY. Aged 25.




               Of stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Wood.
