






903. 
               
                  
                     CHRISTOPHER 
                     PARKINS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of June
, 19 lbs. of waste-paper, value 4 s.
            , the goods of Sir


                     Peter 
                     Pole
                  




               
            , Bart.
, and others, his partners.
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be 19 lbs. of paper.
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  GREGORY SMITH
               



            . I am clerk to Sir 
               
                  Peter 
                  Pole
               



            , Bart., who has other partners - they carry on their mercantile concerns
 at No. 18, Nicholas-lane


. On the 10th of June, in consequence of receiving a letter from abroad, I went to some boxes in the counting-house, and missed some letters and documents, which induced me to watch, and about eight o'clock in the evening, I placed myself under the gateway, having seen the prisoners coming down the lane, and go in at the street door. Perkins was servant
 to the proprietor of the house, and had the care of the counting-house. I saw Baker come out first with a bundle in his hand - I stopped him, and took it from him; he said it was only waste paper. Parkins said he was driven to take it from distress. I found seventeen different boxes had been nearly emptied of their papers.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Where were they kept - A. In boxes under the desk, not locked up.


                  JOHN 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoners and paper in charge. I have known Parkins from a child - he bore a good character. Baker is a ticket porter
.
(Property produced and sworn to).
BAKER'S Defence. I lodged and boarded with my fellow prisoner, assisted him in his business, and went with him to clean the counting-house out. He directed me to carry the paper to his house.
PARKINS'S Defence. My family have had the care of the offices for fourteen years. I thought this paper of no value, and did not take it with any felonies intent. I have an execution in my house, and if convicted my wife and three children must throw themselves on the parish.
BAKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PARKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Confined Six Months
            .
