





38. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, 1 pair of trousers, value 3s., and 1 handkerchief, value 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Shaw
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Smith
                        



.
ELIZABETH SHAW. I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Shaw
               



            , and live in Baltic-street. On the 14th of November, I sent 
               
                  Mary 
                  Smith
               



             to her mother in Old-street, with these trousers and handkerchief; I heard her cry out, went, and saw the prisoner in custody.
REBECCA FRENCH. I heard the watchman spring his rattle, and a cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running with the bundle under his jacket - I went to lay hold of him, he twisted out of my hand, and dropped this bundle, which I took up.


                  MICHAEL 
                  O'BRYAN
               



            . I am a watchman. I was going round my beat at half-past ten o'clock, and heard the child cry; I made up to the spot, and saw the prisoner run - I pursued, and took him.
CHARLES TUCKER. I was the night officer. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, and French brought this bundle.


                  MARY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am eight years and a half old - people who tell lies go to the wicked place. Mrs. Shaw gave me the bundle to carry to be mangled; the prisoner pushed me down, and took it from under my arm.
Prisoner. Q. Was you not tying up your stocking? A. I was pulling up my stocking - the bundle was under my arm.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
