





1697. 
               
                  
                     MARTHA 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of August
, 1 watch, value 30s.; 1 watch-chain, value 7s.; 1 seal, value 5s.; 1 watch-key, value 2s.; 1 half-sovereign, and 2l. 5s., in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samson 
                           Maynard
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  SAMSON 
                  MAYNARD
               



            . I am a cow-keeper
. I was at a public-house in Fleet-market; I left my horse and cart at the door, and went into the house; the prisoner came in while I was there - I had seen her twice before: we drank together. She then got up into the cart with me, and she drove the cart away - she took me up Holborn-hill, to the Wheatsheaf, public-house, and gave me something to drink- she then took me to a bad house; I recollect going up stairs, and sitting on a bed; I was very sick, and she took hold of my head, and said, "My dear, I will hold your head;" she then got her hand into my pocket - I said,"Don't rob me;" she said No, but she took out my money and my watch, by force. I then got on the bed, and the lady of the house came up, and called the patrol; she said she should be searched. I found some of my money on the drawers in the morning, but I lost 45s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I am a patrol of St. Ann's parish. I went to the house between seven and eight o'clock, on the 20th of August - I found the prosecutor very tipsy: I asked the prisoner if she had any property to give it to me - she would not, because she said she did not know whatI was. I then searched her, and took from her a watch and some money - I had been on duty before, and saw her and the prosecutor going along in the cart: I followed them, and told the woman of the house that the cart must go to the Green-yard, if the man did not come and take it away.


                  SARAH 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I live at No. 2, Pheasant-buildings, Gray's Inn-lane. The prisoner and the prosecutor came there, and had a room in my mistress' house; the prisoner called me, and said her friend was very sick and ill, and asked me to get a little brandy for him, and she gave me half-a-crown; my mistress then said she should not go away without the prosecutor, and sent me for the patrol, and insisted on her being searched. The watch was found in her possession - she said she was going home to his wife.


                  HANNAH 
                  CODD
               



            . I keep this house. The prisoner was going down - I said she should not go without the man; I went and shook him, and asked if he had a watch about him - he was not sensible, but he said at last he had bought a watch for 2l. that day.


                  JOHN 
                  BLAKE
               



            . I took the prisoner the next morning; I found a bit of a broken watch-glass on her.(Watch produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. When the patrol came up stairs I would not give it up, because I did not know what authority he had; I said I was as well able to keep it as he was - he then took it from me, and the prosecutor told him to call in the morning.
Prisoner's Defence (written). I met him at this public-house, and, knowing him, went in the cart with him; when we got to Gray's Inn-lane, he had more drink, and made me almost tipsy; he gave me the money to take care of, and take to his wife; a man said the cart would be taken to the Green-yard, and I went in search of the cart; he, missing me, asked for his property, and the landlady gave me in custody.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
