





1916. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Franz Christian 
                           Grapel
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  FRANZ 
                  CHRISTIAN GRAPEL
               



            . I am a German. On the 24th of September, about half-past twelve o'clock, I was at the corner of Mark-lane


 and Tower-street


; I had a handkerchief in my pocket, but did not feel it taken - the officer informed me of it; the prisoner was taken in two or three minutes - I have not found my handkerchief.


                  GEORGE 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a Thames Police-officer. I saw three chaps walking from the corner of Thames-street, up Tower-hill, following the prosecutor, and in Tower-street he took his handkerchief out to use, and put it in again; the prisoner directly took hold of his coat, with his left hand and took the handkerchief out with the right - all three hustled together and ran across the way; I called the gentleman - he pursued the other two, took one of them, and the other ran away; the prisoner had run down Mark-lane - I let the other go, and presently the prisoner came right in my face, and I took him; I am sure he is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. He said at Guildhall, that I took it and gave it to one of the others; that he took one, but could not find it on him - now if he had seen me take it, why not stop me at the time? or if I gave it to any one, why not take him? If I gave it away, why did he search me?


                  GEORGE 
                  WHITE
               



            . I said I saw them all hustling together, and saw him give it to one of the others, but could not see which; I swear he is the person who took it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
