






264. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  TOWNS
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HUNT
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, 90 lbs. of lead, value 22s., belonging to 
                     
                        David 
                        Evans
                     




                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be fixed to a building.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THRESH
               



            . On the 24th of November, about twenty minutes to six o'clock, I was just by Mr. Evans' premises, at the corner of John-street, Crutched-friars


, and met Towns with this piece of lead on his shoulder - he was carrying it openly, and I asked where he was going - he said to take it home to his master; I said it was useless to say that; but to take it back to where he got it from; I had seen him ten minutes or a quarter of an hour before, and asked who he was waiting for; he said for some persons who were at work there; I have since compared the lead with what remains on the premises - it corresponds exactly.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a constable. I met Hunt on the 24th of November, a little before six o'clock in the evening, about a quarter of a mile from Mr. Evans' premises, with this piece of lead in this bag; I asked what he had got - he said, "Some wet things;" I felt it was a substance, and found this lead in it; I have compared it with what remains - it corresponds exactly.
DAVID EVANS. This lead was taken from my manufactory, which adjoins my dwelling-house - it belongs to me; I have seen the lead compared with what remains - they correspond exactly.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am an officer. I took Towns to the Compter; I asked if he had a knife about him; he said No, but I was untying his hands in the Compter, and this knife was in his hands - it appears to have lately cut lead.
TOWN's Defence. I was hired to carry the lead.
TOWNS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
HUNT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
