





Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
1631. 
               
                  ISAAC 
                  FRYETT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of August
, at St. James, Westminster, 13 knives value 18s.; 13 forks, value 10s.; 1 tea-tray, value 13s.; 3 waiters, value 10s.; 2 patent locks and 3 keys, value 41s.; 3 pairs of snuffers, value 11s. 6d.: 2 snuffer-stands, value 2s.; 1 pair of curtain-pins, value 2s.; 1 pair of finger-plates, value 2s.; 1 pair of steel standards, value 12s.; 4 metal tea-pots, value 16s. 4d.; 1 mustard pot, value 1s. 3d; 1 cream-jug, value 3s. 6d.; 40 tools. value 20s.; 1 drop-bitted latch, with 2 keys, value 3s. 6d.; 10 brass hooks, value 1s. 4d; 1 brass fender-footman, value 3s.; 43 parcels of nails and screws, value 45s.; 5 Italian irons, value 8s.; 1 box-iron, value 2s.; 4 shovel-pans, value 2s.; 80 pairs of hinges, value 9s. 6d.; 24 triangle plates, value 2s.; 3 parcels of sail needles, value 6s.; 60 fender ornaments, value 15s.; 9 stove heads, value 9s.; 1 ball, value 1s.; 13 files, value 9s.; 7 bell pulls, value 6s.; 50 iron punches, value 20s.; 9 bolts, value 3s.; 1 nutmeggrater, value 5d.; 1 bed key, value 1s. 4d.; 2 black jacks, value 1s.; 1 screw-plate, value 1s. 6d.; 3 boiler cocks, value 8s.; 30 gun-barrel funnels, value 1s. 6d; 3 sets of brass-wheel castors, value 6s.; 2 patent hoes, value 2s.; 1 patent spud, value 6d.; 6 Dutch rings, value 6d.; 4 sets of fire-irons, value 40s.; one pair of brass standards, value 8s.; 22 brass cocks, value 40s. 6d.; 1 nursery lamp, value 2s. 10d.; 2 curtain bands, value 9s.; 2 parcels of screws, value 5s.; one parcel of hinges, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pepper-box, value 1s.; 5 gimblets, value 6d., and 1 stove-grate front, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Colwell
               




            , his master.
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DODD
               



            . I am assistant to Mr. Colwell, a furnishing-ironmonger
, who lives in the Haymarket


; the prisoner was his porter
. I found articles moved from one place to another, which caused my suspicion; I found three parcels of nails concealed behind an old oven in the back wash-house, against the wall; in consequence of this goods were marked from time to time - I marked the nails myself with a private mark of my own, and from time to time marked things; in August I marked a tea-pot and several things; on the 18th of August I found a tea-potconcealed behind the oven; on the 21st I found a paper of knives and forks there - I took them out and marked them separately; Garnell was concealed to watch that day, and in consequence of what he said, I went in pursuit of the prisoner as he went to dinner, and overtook him in the Haymarket and brought him back; I wished him to take what property he had of Mr. Colwell's out of his pocket: he said he had no property of Mr. Colwell's; I said, "Take out what you have got," and the first thing he took out was the parcel of knives and forks, which were the same I had marked in the oven; he said he had brought them to our place to clean from his lodgings: we have a great number of the same pattern in the wash-house - it is a very old pattern.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. There have, of course, been a cunsiderable quantity sold? A. That pattern has been kept many years, but the forks are of a particular sort - they had no mark before I found them behind the oven - I believe the name was burned into the knives, but I cannot say: I put a mark similar to the figure 5 turned upside down, and five forks I marked with a figure 7: the knives appeared to have been dipped in blood, and, of course, were dirty - they appeared new; Mr. Colwell had bought some of that pattern within three months, from Bryan, a town maker; the prisoner said they were his own.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you miss any parcel of knives and forks? A. No; I saw the prisoner come in the morning - he brought no parcel with him; there is a convenience for cleanin them near the oven.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Might he not easily have brought them in his pocket? A. He might; they were not dirty, except from the blood.


                  JAMES 
                  GARNELL
               



            . On the 21st of August I was concealed under a trap-door, and could command a view of the old oven very plainly; I saw the prisoner go and wash his hands and face; he pulled out his watch, then went to the oven, opened the door, and pulled out a parcel, which he put into his pocket; I had seen the parcel in the oven the night before, when I was concealed, and knew they were knives - he went out; I told Dodd, who followed him; the prisoner did not go anywhere to clean them.
Cross-examined. Q. Might he not have taken them the night before, if he thought proper? A. I should have seen him; he did not know I was hid there.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was he there the night before? A. Yes, two or three minutes before nine o'clock; he came and washed his face, and went away - Dodd and another shopman were in the shop then.
MR. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  COLWELL
               



            . I live in the Haymarket. - The prisoner has been my porter for nearly four years. In consequence of what I heard I went with an officer to search his lodgings, and found a great quantity of property, which I knew to be mine, tea-pots, tea-trays, knives and forks, and several articles - none of them had been marked by me, but had our private marks on them; I never gave him permission to take anything from my stock - the knives found on him are not an old pattern - the forks are; they do not match the knives; I have had forks of that pattern in my stock about twenty years, and had ceased to sell them, being quite out fashion.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever sell them yourself? A. No; they were my father's stock; I never sold any of the articles found to the prisoner - I have sold such things, with the same marks, to other persons; there is no article I can identify, except by the private mark.


                  JOHN 
                  UPSON
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for to Mr. Colwell's on the 21st of August, and took the prisoner; I produce the knives and forks, which I found on the counter - Dodd was present: I heard the prisoner say they were his own; I went to his lodging - I had been watching him some time before, and ascertained them to be his lodgings; I there found a tea-pot, a set of waiters, two patent locks, one of Chubb's patent locks, a pair of snuffers, two finger-plates, a drop-latch, a lot of files and tools, a milkpot, a mustrad-pot, a quantity of other tools, files, planes, and various things; I saw Bond find, concealed under the bed, seven knives and froks, and two curtain-pins; the prisoner was then in the watch-house - I produced the things at the office; he never accounted to me how he got them.
- BOND. I found the things under the bed.
MR. COLWELL. The knives and forks found on the prisoner are such as I had on my premises; the knives are made by Bryan, and are marked "London made;" they have been on a board, but whether used or not I cannot tell - here is the tea-pot with the mark erased; I think there seems a smear - this milk-pot I can speak to decidedly, also the tea-tray and waiter to match it; my private-mark is on several of them; I have no mark on Chubb's lock, but the number stamped on it is the number I had from him - here are several articles with my private-mark, and several tools have the marks erased, and that very lately; here are seven knives and forks which are used at my own table at times, and which I could not have sold - I had not missed them.
Cross-examined. Q. Suppose you had seen these forks eight or ten miles off, could you say they had not been sold? A. No, certainly, but they are two patterns, and I happened to have the same pattern of each of them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DODD
               



            . Here is a figure of 7 on one of these forks - I did it with a tool; this is the only one I can find the mark on - here is the 5 upside down, on all the knives - I marked them the morning before.
Cross-examined. Q. Have not these knives been much used? A. They have been, on a board; they may have been used - the edge of one is hacked; I doubt their having been used.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Look at the other three knives, do they appear quite new? A. I have no doubt about it.
Prisoner's Defence. Those five knives and forks I bought five years ago at an auction, in London-road - the others I bought at the corner of Noel-street: the ten and milk-pot I bought of a man named Nixon, three years ago - he was in Mr. Colwell's employ: as to the other things, some were bought of Mr. Colwell, and some were not - I bought half a dozen knives and forks, and here is the sixth.


                  LYDIA 
                  POWELL
               



            . My husband is a porter. I have been in the prisoner's house repeatedly - he has had this tea-pot in his possession above three years; I know it to be the same, for I have used it myself: I borrowed it two years ago, next Christmas day.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was there any mark on it? A. The same mark as ther is now - I never knew what is was.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Look at the bottom, is there anything that you would call a mark of recent sand-paper having rubbed anything out? A. I do not myself, but I do not understand it.
COURT. Q. Do you remember whether "Dixon and Son" was on the back of it? A. I do not - it was in my possession a day and a night; I have seen it repeatedly since, and drank tea out of it.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. There is a milk-pot, it is rather a remarkable shape? A. Yes - it is the same as I had; I borrowed it at the same time; I am confident it is the same.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long is it since you first became acquainted with the milk-pot? A. Two years at Christmas; I have known them in the prisoner's possession three years - I do not know whether he was then in Mr. Colwell's employ; I washed the tea-pot when I borrowed it - I did not observe any mark on it particularly.


                  MARY 
                  GRAY
               



            . My husband is a gentleman's servant - we live in Rupert-street. I have known the prisoner two years - I have known that tea-board in the prisoner's possession for two years - I lodged in the next room to him, and saw it there continually.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Has he lived in the same lodging two years? A. No - he had it when he first lodged at our house; he remained there till within about eleven months - I have seen the tea-pot, but not to notice it much; he was in Mr. Colwell's service when I first knew him.
MR. COLWELL. My shop-mark is on the milk-pot; I think it could not have been in use two years, and the mark appear as it does; though I think it has been in his possession some time from the mark - my mark is on the tea-board.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Have you a word which you use as a private-mark? A. Yes: the tea-board is marked with characters by myself.
COURT. Q. Is your privatemark on all your goods? A. On all we can mark, it is; the marks on the tools that have been erased with sand-paper - several tools have the marks taken out - we are missing goods continually.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
