





2097. 
               
                  ANN 
                  BARRETT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of October
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 crown, 1 half-crown, 2 shillings, 2 sixpences, and the sum of 9d. in copper monies, the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Maize
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM MAIZE. On the 6th of October I went home with the prisoner to a house in George-street, St. Giles'


, about one o'clock in the morning - I was there about twenty minutes; we did not go to bed; my watch was in my fob - I fell asleep, and the prisoner went down stairs; the people below came up, and asked me if all was right; they roused me up - I then missed my watch, and other property; an alarm was given, and in about half an hour I saw her in custody with my property - I was not exactly sober.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am landlord of this house in George-street. I and the watchman stood at the door, when the prisoner came out - I sent my servant up to see if all was right, and from what I heard, I went with the watchman to her lodgings, in another house, and found the watch behind the grate; she was in bed, and I believe undressed - I sent for Maize, who said she was the woman.


                  GRIFFITH 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a watchman. I went with Hawkins; he found the watch - I found 1s. 31/2d. in her purse.


                  GEORGE 
                  PRATT
               



            . I am a patrol. I found this handkerchief - she had some clothes in her room.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that she was intoxicated, and could not say how she came possessed of the watch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
