





1748. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, 1 watch, value 1l.; 1 ribbon, value 1d., and 1 watch-key, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Nicholas 
                           Murphy
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  NICHOLAS 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I am a fisherman
, and live at Limehouse; I have frequently seen the prisoner at her mother's house; I met her on the Monday morning, about ten o'clock, in the Bull's Head, public-house; I was with her all the rest of the day, in several public-houses; when it came on bed time, I asked her where she was going to sleep; she said she had no where in particular: I said I would go and pay for a bed for her; we went into the Match-walk


, and I paid for a bed for her; I sat down by the bed side, and went to sleep; in the morning I missed my watch, and asked her about it; she said she knew nothing about it: I let her go, but she was taken afterwards. This is my watch - it was pawned at a pawnbroker's; but I have made two voyages since it was taken.


                  JAMES 
                  JEFFERY
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner at the Three Compasses, public-house, in Shadwell-market, about a month after the watch was taken; she said she did not steal it, but the old woman stole it, and gave it to her to pawn.


                  JOHN 
                  GRINSHAW
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. This watch was pawned with me, on the 17th of July, by the prisoner at the bar.
Prisoner's Defence. It was given to me by a woman, to pawn for herself: I went and took her the money; she took 1s. of it, and told me to keep the rest: I met her three days after in the street - she asked me for the duplicate; I said I had it not in my pocket, but I would give it her when I got home.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
