





716. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SWAP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of March
, a tub, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Thurkettle
                        



                     
                  ; and 7 lbs. of lead, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Jones
                        



                     
                  , and fixed in a garden belonging to the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Thurkettle
                     



                  ; and a fixture (i.e.) a brass cock, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        David 
                        Jones
                     



                  , and fixed in the said garden
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOME
               



            . I am a gardener. On the 24th of March, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, I was in the New-road, East India-fields


, and saw the prisoner alone with a tub on his head, and a pail in his hand - I went up to him and told him I thought they were stolen, looked into the pail, and took out a green baize, some leaden pipe, and a brass cock. I took the pipe andcarried it to Mr. Eld, and knocked him; the prisoner walked backwards and forwards in the road the while - he could not have escaped without my observing him. Eld came out, and we took him to the watch-house.


                  EDWARD 
                  ELD
               



            . Home called me up - I found the prisoner in the road, and took him to the watch-house.


                  MARY 
                  THURKETTLE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Thurkettle
               



             - we live at Islington, about a quarter of a mile from the East India-fields. This pipe was safe in our garden on the night of the 23d, fixed under the ground to supply the water, and on the 24th, about seven o'clock, I missed it. The tub is ours, and was taken from a shed behind the house.


                  DAVID 
                  JONES
               



            . I am landlord of the house. I fitted the lead to the premises; it tallied exactly.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
