





154. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ARCHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of November
, 1 watch, value 4l. and 22 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Francisco 
                        Denegrie
                     




                  , from his person
            .
FRANCISCO DENEGRI. I lost twenty-two shillings and my watch, on the 4th of November - I do not know where I was; I had been at a coffee-house, and drank too much- I did not miss it till I awoke the next morning; I saw my watch safe about nine o'clock in the evening when I went to the coffee-house - I left about ten at night.
MR. LAWRENCE. I keep Serle's Coffee-house, in Carey-street. The prosecutor was in my house on the night of the 3rd of November, when he was playing the guitar to some gentlemen - after he had been there some time, he was going away, and I observed he was tipsy; I called him, and asked his address - I then called the prisoner, who is my porter
, and said, "Don't leave this man, till you take him home to his house;" they left together, and I heard no more till the next morning, when the Police-officer came and asked me who went home with the Italian - I called the prisoner, and he said, "I went part of the way with him;" I then said, "Before he goes from here, you shall search his box, and every thing belonging to him;" he searched the prisoner, but found nothing; I then searched him myself, and said, "You have a fob, have you any thing in it?" he said No - I said "Yes, here is a watch in it;" I took out this watch and this bit of guard to it - the officer said, "That is sufficient, for I have the other part of the guard;" we were going to Hatton-garden, and the prisoner said, "I put the money on the stairs;" we then went back, and found 13s.; the prisoner had been with me three months - I had no complaint to make of him.
JAMES MEAD. I took the prisoner. I found in his trunk 6s. and some halfpence.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor gave me the watch and the silver - I took it home; I told the Police-man it was his watch when he found it.




               GUILTY (of stealing the watch.)
             Aged 19.
Recommended to Mercy by the Jury.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
