






Before Mr. Common Serjeant.
151. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     COLEMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELLEN 
                     CONNER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of November
, 1 watch, value 30s.; 1 seal, value 10s.; 1 watch-key, value 3d.; 1 piece of ribbon, value 1d., and 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Tanson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  PETER 
                  TANSON
               



            . I am a ship-carpenter
. I was in Shadwell


 on the 8th of November, at nine o'clock at night; I met the two prisoners in the street - I had seen Coleman before, selling fish in the highway; they asked me to give them something to drink - I had a little to drink myself, but not much; we had a pint of beer and a quartern of gin - I remained with them about ten minutes; while we were in the public-house the watchman came, and asked what time it was; I took out my watch, and said it was half-past nine - he told me to put my watch into my pocket, and take care of it; the two prisoners went out of the house with me, one on each arm - we went down the street, and they went and had something more to drink at another house, but before we got there my watch was taken from my pocket by Conner; they both ran away - I pursued, but did not come up with them; I called the officer, and he got one of them on the Monday, and the other three days afterwards - I did not see them again till I was at the Thames Police; I was not drunk that evening - this is my watch, it has a private mark inside it; this is the seal, and this is my handkerchief, but my name has been picked out of it; there was another seal which has not been found.
JAMES LICKFOLD. I am a watchman. On Sunday evening I saw the two women and Tanson on my beat; I told them to go about their business, and let the man alone- I am certain they are the women; they went into the King's Arms public-house - I went in to get half a pint of porter, that I might know them again; I asked the prosecutor what time it was - he pulled out his watch, and said it was half-past nine; I said, "You are sadly out of the way, it wants but ten minutes to eleven" - I told him to put up his watch, and went out; and at five minutes before eleven o'clock they came out.
CHARLES TICKLE. On the morning of Lord Mayor's day I met the prosecutor in the street; he was in trouble, and I asked what was the matter - he described what he had lost, and described Coleman; I said I would get her in about two hours - I went into Old Gravel-lane, and took her with this handkerchief round her neck; I took her to the public-house, and the pot-boy said she was one of them.
JAMES WAYLING. I am an officer of the Thames Police. I was with the other officers, and asked 
               Coleman
             the name of the woman who was with her; she said she would tell me, and she would not get herself into trouble - that it was Ellen Conner, who lived in Seven Star-alley; that Conner had taken the watch to Bermondsey, and pawned it for 15s., and had pawned the seal at the back of the Borough-market for 5s., and all that she had given her was a little tea and sugar.
JAMES WILSON. I am shopman to Mr. Roberts, a pawnbroker, of Park-street, Borough. I have a seal which was pawned by a girl, in the name of Ann Conner, on the 9th of November, but I do not recollect the person.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MAYESBACK
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker, in Tooley-street. I produce a watch, pawned with me by Ellen Conner, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Anderson
               



            .(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner Conner. I am not having a fair trial; they are all swearing false against me.
Coleman's Defence. I had been at a funeral; I met this young woman with a man very much in liquor - they asked if I would take part of a pint of porter; I went into a public-house with her and a man whom I do not know - they had a pint of ale and a quartern of gin; the watchman came in, and I gave the glass of gin to the watchman; the woman then asked the man if he was going to have any thing more to drink - he said he had no more money; I went on to Fox's-lane, bade them good night, and went home; the next morning I met her, and she said she was going to get an affidavit of a gold watch, and asked me to go with her - I said I could not, but I was going for some little things, and I would wait till she came back; I waited, and she said, "I will make you a present of this handkerchief;" I put it on my neck - she said she had pawned a watch for 15s., and a seal for 4s., and while we were there the watchman came and took me, but she got away; I kept the handkerchief on my neck, and never gave it a thought - my friends came to see me, and I could have given it to them; the officer came and asked me the name of this woman, and I told him - the officers know me and my mother, and know that I work hard.
Prisoner Conner. What she says is all false; I know nothing about it, or her either.



                  CHARLES 
                  TICKLE
               



            . I know Coleman as a hard-working woman; she sells fish and fruit about the streets - I never knew any thing against her before.
JAMES WAYLING. I have known Coleman many years, an honest, industrious woman; I never knew her in any trouble.
COLEMAN - GUILTY. Aged 19.



               Judgment Respited
            




.
CONNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
