





997. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  DAVIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April, 1 watch, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  David 
                  Stevenson
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am servant to David Stevenson, who keeps a coal-shed
 in the City-road


. On the 12th of April, about a quarter before eight o'clock in the morning, I was in the back kitchen sorting potatoes; I heard a noise in the front kitchen, and saw the prisoner there, close against the fire place, and his hand up against the chimney-piece, where there was 4s. in copper, and where the watch had been hanging that morning, but it was then gone; I asked what brought him there - he made no answer, but bounced out of the house, five or six steps at a time; I ran after him, and saw the watch in his right hand, and a bit of the chain hanging out; he attempted to throw it over a fence, but it struck the fence and came into two pieces; I followed him, and cried Stop thief! - the constable was coming off duty and took him; I lost sight of him while he turned the corner; I picked up the watch; I am quite sure he is the man.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you not rather near sighted? A. I have had a blow on my eye with a stick; I did not pick up the watch immediately, because I ran after him; our coal shed was open, and the watch was hanging on a nail - I had not left the front kitchen more than two minutes - when I came into the kitchen he did not stop half a second, but bounced out.


                  GEORGE 
                  WATERS
               



            . I am a headborough. On the 12th of April I was going along the City-road by Mr. Stevenson's house; I heard a cry, and saw Evans following the prisoner, who crossed over and passed me; he ran down Plummer-street, and threw down this umbrella; I followed him up Ebenezer-street, where a young man, named Harding, stopped him; as we were coming back we met Evans, who said "You villain, what did you do in the kitchen - what did you do with the watch;" we came back, and Evans took up the watch from under a wheel-barrow on the pavement - the case was parted from it.
DAVID STEVENSON. I went out on the 12th of April, and left Evans in my house - this watch was hanging over the front kitchen mantle-piece, where it usually does; I know it to be mine - the prisoner is quite a stranger, and had no right there.
Prisoner. I know nothing about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
