





Before Mr. Justice Park.
797. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BARTON, alias 
FREDERICK VANDERVILLE





            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of Sir 
                     
                        George 
                        Farrant
                     




                  , Knt.
, on the 9th of March
, and stealing therein 3 fenders, value 6l.; 4 pieces of stained glass, value 2l., and 12 books, value 10s.
            , the goods of the said Sir George Farrant.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I am a constable of Hatton-garden. On Sunday morning, the 9th of March, about eight o'clock, I was going up Theobald's-road, with Thompson, of Bow-street; we met the prisoner with three fenders on his shoulder - he was alone: there were two standards inside one fender. I went over to him, and asked where he got them - he rather hesitated, and said at last that he got them from Lincoln's Inn-fields, at a sale - he did not say when he had bought them; I took him into custody, locked him up, and found next morning that the fenders belonged to Sir George Farrant; directly I took him he said a man had given them to him to carry - I searched him, and found a screw-driver in his pocket, a small door key, which would open a room door, and a watch, which I returned him.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I was in company with Waddington, and saw the prisoner with the fenders on his shoulder; Waddington stopped him - I have heard his evidence, and swear it is true.


                  JAMES 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am in the service of Sir George Farrant, who lives at No. 53, Upper Brook-street, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square


; these fenders were next door, at No. 52 - he had left that house on the 3d of July last; none of his family remained in the house after July - nobody was left in care of the house. These fenders, and several articles of furniture, were left there: Sir George had quitted the house, and it was to be let: I had been in the house on Tuesday, the 4th of March, and am sure all the doors and windows were fastened; I often passed the house; it appeared in the same state whenever I passed it; and on Saturday, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw it perfectly safe. About half-past two o'clock on Sunday, the 9th, I observed the coal-cellar door, in the front area, open; the fan-light over the area door was broken; I am certain it was safe and whole on Saturday. I went into the house, and missed two fenders out of the drawing rooms, and the parlour fender; I missed some stained glass out of a window in the house: the drawing-room shutters had been opened, but closed too - I had left them fastened; I know these fenders to be my master's - there is a knob off one of them, and I have it in my pocket; I am certain of them.
Prisoner's Defence. On Sunday morning I got up about half-past seven o'clock, and went in a direction for Waterloo-bridge; on my way home I met a person I had seen twelve months ago; he had this property: I walked with him as far as Lincoln's Inn-fields; in the course of conversation he said he had to call at a place, and asked if I would take the fenders for him, and carry them to the corner of the King's-road, and he would see me there again - he did not think he should stop above three or four minutes; I took them, and as I was going in the direction he stated I was met by the officers - but as to the robbery I am entirely innocent.
GUILTY. Aged 18.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
