





671. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of January
, 1 writing-desk, value 10s.; 2 teaspoons, value 10s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 5s.; 1 caddy ladle, value 5s., and 57 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        William Henry 
                        Mitchell
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Cuthbert
                     



.
WILLIAM HENRY MITCHELL. I am a carpenter
, and live at Knightsbridge


; I lodge at John Cuthbert's. I went out with my wife about half-past ten o'clock on Tuesday morning, the 23d of January - I locked my room door, and had the key in my pocket - I left there a writing-desk, with fifty-seven sovereigns, and the other articles stated in the indictment in it - we returned about three o'clock in the afternoon, and found the door single locked- I had double locked it - I did not miss the desk till about eight the next morning, when I wanted a sovereign out of it; I found the spoons in pawn, but nothing else - the prisoner is a distant relation of mine; he called to see me on Monday, the 22d, but I was out; I had seen him on the Saturday, and told him I had some relations coming, and he could not stop there; he has seen money in my desk; I do not know where he lived.


                  ROBERT 
                  BLACKBURN
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Wood, pawnbroker, Clerkenwell. I have two tea-spoons and a pair of sugar-tongs, pawned on the 23d of January, by the prisoner, between one and two o'clock, in the name of William Mitchell, 28, Swan-alley; here is the duplicate which I gave him; I am certain of him.


                  DAVID 
                  GEORGE ALDERSON
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. The prisoner was given into my charge on the 27th of January - the house is in St. Margaret, Westminster.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GEE
               



            . I am a fishmonger, and live in Peter's-lane. I met the prisoner at Islington on Tuesday, the 23d, by the turnpike; he stopped me, and said, "Thank God I have got my business settled;" he had told me, about a fortnight before, that his cousins were going to get him some money which had been left him; he said he had got it, and gave me something to drink - he said, "Will you take care of this for me?" and gave me forty sovereigns; this was about half-past two o'clock - I met him the next morning, and he said, "If you will go and buy me some things, instead of going to work, I will give you 5s. for your trouble;" we had something to drink - I found myself rather giddy, and went to the Artichoke public-house, and sat down - I was there beat and cut about, and lost all his money, and all my own - I went and told him of it; he said it was a bad job - it would be his ruin - I wanted him to go for an officer about it - he said it was of no use, as I could not swear to them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY MITCHELL
               



            . I had received this money at the Bank, for a dividend, not for a legacy - the spoons and tongs are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I called on my cousin about a fortnight before; he counted out eighty-four sovereigns from the desk, and said, "Joe, how would you like this - it would make a man of you;" this was completely a temptation.
W. H. MITCHELL. I showed him some sovereigns; I had not got eighty; he is a printer; John Cuthbert lives in the house.
GUILTY. Aged 22.
Of 


               stealing the spoons and tongs only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
