





389. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TODD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of March
, one box, value 2 s.; four shirts, value 10 s.; four waistcoats, value 4 s.; ten handkerchiefs, value 10 s.; two pair of stockings, value 5 s., and two pair of gloves, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Town
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same only stating them to belong to 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Dyson
                  



               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  TOWN
               



            . I am a surveyor
, and live in Rupert-street. About the 10th of March, I sent a box of linen to the Golden Cross, Charing Cross, to be forwarded to Tunbridge, Kent, to be washed. It ought to have been returned about the 17th, but was not.


                  EDWARD 
                  DYSON
               



            . I keep the Black Bear Cellar




. Bidmead, the porter, left the box at my office for Mr. Town, and said he would call for it in the morning. I locked the office up between nine and ten o'clock at night, the box was safe then. Next morning, about six o'clock, I missed the box and a flat of butter. My desk was broken open.


                  CHARLES 
                  BIDMEAD
               



            . I am porter at the Golden Cross. On the 17th of March, about eight o'clock at night, I left the box at the Black Bear, having forgot to leave it in Rupert-street, and it being late. It came by the Tunbridge Wells coach.


                  GEORGE 
                  PAVEY
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Dyson. I locked up the warehouse at night, and saw the box safe. I came at half-past five in the morning, found the box and other things gone, and the desk broken open.
WILLIAM HARDING. I am apprentice to Mr. Ashman, pawnbroker, in the Strand. On the 18th of March, the prisoner pledged a handkerchief for 18 d., in the name of Turner.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Temple, a pawnbroker, of Panton-street, Haymarket. On the 21st of March, a person came and pledged a pair of white silk stockings for 2 s., in the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Todd
               



            . I believe the prisoner to be the man.


                  ROBERT 
                  SPARROW
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  George 
                  Benton
               



            , a pawnbroker, who lives in High Holborn. On the 23d of March the prisoner pledged a waistcoat, five towels, and a pair of stockings, for 6 s., in the name of Todd. I am positive he is the man.


                  JOHN 
                  PEARSON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Conner, pawnbroker, Tottenham-court-road. On the 23d of March, the prisoner pledged a shirt, waistcoat, and one pair of stockings, for 3 s., in the name of Tarn, Crown-street, Soho.


                  THOMAS 
                  FLUDE
               



            . I live with Barker and Co., pawnbrokers, Stanhope-street. On the 24th of March, the prisoner pledged a shirt, one pair of drawers, two waistcoats, and two handkerchiefs, for 3 s., in the name of Turton.



                  ROBERT 
                  HILDES
               



            . I live with Mrs. Barrow, a pawnbroker, High-street, Bloomsbury. On the 22d of March, the prisoner pledged seven handkerchiefs, for 3 s., in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Todd
               



            , Broad-street, Bloomsbury.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am a constable. On the 22d of March, I was taking the prisoner to prison, he had on a white under waistcoat, and a shirt, which Mr. Town claimed. His brother is a porter at the office that was broken open. Knowing that, I said,
"You have done a bad job for your brother." He said,
"My brother is not in it, and as I am in your power, I do not care what becomes of me - I will tell you the truth. There was nobody with me. I lifted up the cellar flap about half-past twelve o'clock at night, and got in by that means; remained there till four o'clock in the morning, then left with the box containing the property, together with a basket containing three dirty gowns and nine aprons, and a flat containing twelve lumps of butter," and that his brother's landlord sold the butter for him for 12 s. - that I should find the box and flat at his lodgings, and all the property except what he had pledged - and if I took off his handcuffs he would give me the duplicates. He gave me eight duplicates. He lodged at Mr. Brown's, Broad-street, Bloomsbury. I found the box there.


                  JOHN 
                  COBHAM
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner, and found two handkerchiefs round his neck.


                  JOHN 
                  LAPPAGE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Harris, who is a pawnbroker; the prisoner pledged a neck-handkerchief with me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
