





1144. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KNIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of May
, 1 watch, value 3l. 10s.; 1 chain, value 2s.; 2 keys, value 1s., and 2 small pieces of silver, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Groves
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GROVES
               



            . I live in Croydon-street


. On the 10th of January I was gone out of my room for a halfpenny worth of milk, and left the prisoner there - he had slept with me the night before - when I returned he was gone, and I missed my watch; it was a large silver one, with a chain and two small pieces of silver attached to it - I wiped the dust off it just before I went out.


                  JOHN 
                  HINGE
               



            . I saw Groves go out - the prisoner went out directly afterwards; I did not see whether they went the same way.


                  RICHARD 
                  HARTLEY
               



             WALL. I received information on the 10th of January, and took the prisoner in a skittleground in the Five-fields, in April - as soon as he saw the prosecutor he called him Coachman, and seemed to know him; I told him I took him on suspicion of stealing Groves' watch - he said, "If I have robbed him of a watch, I will go with you;" I found 18s. and some copper on him - he never denied it, nor confessed it; the watch has never been found.


                  JOHN 
                  GROVES
               



            . There was no other person in the room while he was there - when he was brought back he said,"I suppose you say I stole your watch?" I said, "That is true."
Prisoner's Defence. I did deny it, but I said I would go any where with them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
