







Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Hullock
               



            .
208. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     CATTLE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Powers
                        



                     
                  , on the 1st of November
, putting her in fear, and taking from her person, and against her will, 5 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Smith
                     



                  , widow

.
MESSRS. BRODRICK & PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  MARY 
                  ANN POWERS
               



            . I am servant
 to Mrs. Elizabeth Smith, of Margaret-street, Hackney; I know the prisoner- Cattle is a baker and pastry-cook
, and Smith, I believe, is a baker
. On the 1st of November, I went to take a pie to Cattle's shop - Smith came in just as I was coming out: in the course of the time, Smith sent me out for some gin - Cattle poured out about half a glass; I took a little of it, and in the course of conversation, I said I was going to Hoxton, in the evening; both the prisoners were present when I said that; about twenty minutes before six o'clock, I went out from mistress to go to Mr. Hunter's, Britannia-gardens, Hoxton, to receive 5l.; I had a receipt for it in my hand; mistress desired me to go a public way: I passed Cattle's shop in my way - I owed him 1d. for a tart - I went in and paid for it; Smith came in directly I got into the shop - I do not know whether I then mentioned where I was going; the prisoners went out of the shop; I remained there five or ten minutes talking to Mrs. Cattle, and then went out; Cattle overtook me when I got to the Goldsmiths' alms-houses, in Hackney-road, and said he was going my way; I said "Are you?" I saw Smith, in a few minutes he came up; they were talking together - I could not hear what they said; after going on a little while, I heard Cattle tell Smith, what a pretty sweetheart he was, for he had never spoken to me all the way; I went on, and got at last to Pitfield-street, and at the corner of that street, I asked Cattle if he would be so kind as to come down Britannia-gardens, as it was such a lonesome place; he said he was in a hurry to get his yeast, but if I would go as far as St. Luke's church with him, he would see me to Britannia-gardens; I went with him - Smith went also; and when we got a little distance, they both asked me to go into a public-house to have something to drink; I went in, and Smith gave me a glass of gin, which I drank - I stopped by St. Luke's church, while he got his yeast - we were all three together.
Q. Well, after that you set off to Britannia-gardens? A. Yes; I went to Mr. Hunter's, and received five sovereigns - the prisoners waited for me by agreement, till I came out- I wrapped the five sovereigns in a piece of paper, and put them in my bosom - my gown was pinned over it, and my apron tied over that - I found them waiting for me; Cattle said, had I got what I went for; I said Yes - I had the receipt in my hand in his shop; it had a stamp on it; I kept it in my hand all along the road; after going a little way, Cattle said if I had got any paper, or any thing to take care of, he would take care of it for me; I said I was capable of taking care of it myself; they asked me to go to a house, No. 9, opposite Britannia-gardens - I refused; Smith said it would not hurt me - he took me by the hand, and pulled me in: I do not remember whether Cattle said any thing - we all three went in; some gin was called for; Smith brought me a glass to the window, which I drank - I do not know who paid for it; I was standing by the window, and had not sat down; the prisoners were at the bar; I came out with them; we turned down a court by the side of the public-house - it was dark; I said I did not know where I was; Cattle said I was going right; about five or ten minutes after this, I felt very sick and giddy; Cattle repeated two or three times that he would take care of what I had, if I would give it to him; I refused - I do not remember going to any other house, except one, where I had a glass of liquor thrown over me, and I believe that was the Red Cow public-house, at Dalston; Smith threw it over me, because I would not drink it - I have no recollection whatever of what happened after I got out of this public-house, till I remember the patrol taking me up off the ground - I am seventeen years old, and single - I have lived at Mrs. Smith's four years.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q.How far from Cattle's shop does your mistress live? A. A very short distance - about as far as from here to Newgate; I knew him perfectly well - mistress never went to his shop; he was known in the neighbourhood; I was at this house twice that day, but did not say what I was going to Hoxton for - the recipt was folded up in my hand - nobody could see what it was - I do not recollect telling either of them I was going for money; I had only known Smith about three weeks - I had seen him at Cattle's,
Q. As you were insensible from the time you left the public-house till the patrol came up, can you venture to say you did not give Cattle the money to take care of? A. I cannot swear whether I gave it him - whether I dropped it, or whether it was taken from me; I have not the least recollection of giving it to him, and think if I had done so I must recollect it; I wore a close dress, pinned up at the bosom; I put the money down near the pit of my stomach, then put up my dress, and tied my apron over it; the gin thrown over me went down my neck; I did not open my bosom to wipe it.
Q. After you got out, was there no romping or toying between Smith and you? A. Not that I recollect; Cattle's brother came to our house on Sunday morning, while I was at chapel, and I went to where cattle was, but did not see him; I spoke to him throught the rails.
Q. Did you not say to him, "I won't hurt you - I am sure you did not intend to rob me"? A. No, I did not; he said "If you say I took the money from you, it will transport me for life," and I said "I cannot say whether I gave it you or not;" that is all I said.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Why did you go to the watch-house? A. By the persuasion of his brother, or somebody who came.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am a patrol of Hackney. On the 1st of November, I was on duty in Pigwell-field - there is a passage leading from there to a place called London-field, at the back of Grange's nursery - it is enclosed by a wall on one side, and a bank on the other - It is two hundred and sixty-four yards long; I heard a female voice screaming for assistance in that place, about half-past nine o'clock at night - I went to the spot, and when I got there I got on the bank, and saw the prisoner Smith with this young woman on the ground apparently attempting they were nearer to the wall than the bank; I got over the bank, collared him, and pulled him up, and told him he was ill-using the young woman - he made no answer at that time; I got the prosecutrix on her feet - she seemed verymuch fatigued, and was in liquor; she put her hand into her bosom, and said "I have not got it;" I asked her what it was - she said she had lost 5l.; I asked Smith if he had got it; he said No, Cattle had got it - and then she said Cattle had got it; the bosom of her gown was open, and her shawl laid on the ground; the pins were out of her gown, and her breast quite exposed - the gown appeared to me to have been torn open; Smith was very much intoxicated.
Q. When you came up, did you hear any thing? A.After I got over the bank, I spoke, and the young woman said she was robbed; she said she had lost her money; I thought I heard footsteps in the road; I went a few yards from Smith, in the direction of the steps; I met another patrol, and asked if he had met a man; he said Yes - I said "Well, bring him back, he has robbed a woman of 5l."- I spoke loud - I did not see the man; I then returned to Smith, and told him I should take him to the watch-house; he said I should not, or he would not go; I however took him there, and the prosecutrix went; I did not myself take Smith there, as another patrol came up at the spring of the rattle; he took him, and I took the prosecutrix there; two patrols overtook us on the road with Cattle - when I had been in the watch-house about ten minutes, I saw Cattle give Cowley a piece of brown paper with five sovereigns in it; he said the girl had given him the money to take care of: I did not hear any thing said before that, but my attention was particularly directed to the girl, who was in a fainting state - Smith gave me the name of 
               
                  Dick 
                  Barlow
               



            .
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Were you near enough to hear what Cattle said when he produced the money? A. I did not notice - he was rather the worse for liquor, but not so bad as Smith.
Q.When she said her money was gone, Smith said Cattle had it, and she said "Yes, Cattle has it?" A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  CALLER
               



            . I am a patrol of Hackney. On the evening of the 1st of November I was on duty in the lane, and saw Cattle - I met him walking; I said "Patrol," and bade him good night; and after that I saw Watson fifteen or twenty yards behind me - I cannot say whether Cattle could hear what he said, as the wind blew away from him; he said something to me, and in consequence of that I went after Cattle, who continued walking till I got very near to him, and then took to running; I had said nothing to him then, but when he ran, I said, "You had better stop, young man," and sprang my rattle - he continued running: I ran, but could not overtake him - there are three paths on that spot; he did not take the path towards Margaret-street - he was a mile or two out of his way from Hoxton to Margaret-street; I sprang my rattle, and after that went back to Smith, Watson, and the prosecutrix, as I could not overtake him - on the way to the watch-house the prosecutrix began crying, as her petticoats fell off; Smith said,"Don't cry" - I said, "Have you got this young woman's money?" he said," No, I have not, Cattle has it - I asked her for it, and if she had given it to me I would have put it where no b-r alive could have found it;" two patrols overtook us with Cattle in custody - I said to Smith,"Then this is the man who has got her money;" he said"Yes, that is Cattle, he has got her money" - I do not think he was near enough to hear that said; I said nothing to him about the money in Cattle's presence - when we got to the watch-house I gave charge of them; Cowley asked me the charge - I said, "We have brought in these two young men, on suspicion of robbing this young woman of 5l.; Cattle immediately said "It is no robbery at all - here are the five sovereigns which she gave me to take care of," and gave them up directly to Cowley, the constable of the night, (who is since dead;) they were then locked up.


                  SAMUEL 
                  TREWBRIDGE
               



            . I am a patrol of Hackney. I was on duty on the 1st of November, between eight and nine o'clock at night - I heard a rattle spring, and saw Cattle coming towards me at a regular walking pace; I went up to him, and called him - he said at first," I am not the man, it is a young man and a young woman over in the field;" I said," I must detain you" - he said I had no right to detain him, and as he spoke I perceived he caught his breath;" I said, "You are out of breath, and I shall detain you" - he said I was doing him an injury in detaining him, and keeping him from his business; I said I did not wish to injure him - if he would go with me to the party, I would not detain him, if they said he was not the person; we proceeded across the fields - I do not remember his saying any thing more; he did not say a word about having any money - I took him across the fields, and met Gregory, the patrol, and left him in his custody; I went on and called Pilton, who came to me - the place is a narrow passage; I went back to where Cattle was, and heard Pilton say to him, "Cattle, you are the man who robbed the girl" - I do not remember his answer, but think he said,"How do you know?" Pilton said, "If I had not known you, how should I have picked you out from the rest;" a gentleman hearing this, said, "Now you secure him - secure his hands;" I proceeded towards Hackney watch-house with him in custody, and overtook Smith in custody near the Cock public-house - up to that time Cattle had not said a word about the money, but then something was mentioned that he had the money; the impression on my mind is, that he owned having it then - we went to the watch-house where Smith gave another name.
Cross-examined. Q. When Cattle said he was not the man, you had not charged him with any thing; whether it was for stealing money, or for assaulting a woman with intent to ravish her, he could not tell? A. No - I did not know myself; he said he had the money before he got to the watch-house.


                  JAMES 
                  GREGORY
               



            . I am a patrol. Trewbridge gave Cattle to me - he was in my charge for ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, and did not say a word about having any money: I did not go to the watch-house with him.
Cross-examined. Q.Did he say he had done nothing wrong? A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  PILTON
               



            . I am a patrol. I had Cattle in custody, and said, "You are the man who robbed the woman of the 5l." - he made no answer then; I took him down to the watch-house - when he saw the other prisoner he said he had got the money in his pocket, on his left-hand side; that was nearly a quarter of an hour after I had made the charge against him.
CATTLE - GUILTY. Aged 25.
SMITH - GUILTY. Aged 17.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            . - 



               Transported for Life
            .
