





695. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of April
, a snuff box, value 5 l. the goods of 
                     
                        Augustus 
                        Delisle
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  AUGUSTUS 
                  DELISLE
               



            , ESQ.
 I live in Chapel-street, Grosvenor-square. I was at the Opera-house on Saturday the 5th of April. I had a silver snuff box in my coat pocket. As I was coming out of the pit, about twelve o'clock, I felt for it, and missed it at the entrance door. I saw the prisoner about two yards off, I suspected him from his appearance, and laid hold of him. I found the snuff box in his breeches pocket, and gave him in charge - it cost me five guineas.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. He said he picked it up, did not he - A. I do not recollect it. I declined at first to prosecute him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  EDWARD 
                  JOHN HANDLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I was attending at the Opera-house, and received the prisoner in charge for picking pockets - several gentlemen were round; he said he knew nothing about it. Mr. Delisle said, he had taken his snuff box out of his coat pocket - he made no answer. I asked him how he came to go into the pit, being only a journeyman carpenter. He said he went to see the performance, and paid 10 s. 6 d.; that he saw a man drop a box, he picked it up and put it into his pocket. The prosecutor did not attend at the office, and he was discharged.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOOTTEN
               



            . I was coming along with the prisoner to the office, and at the Mews gate, three or four men stood together - the prisoner hung back; and about three yards from these men I saw a man I knew, and demanded his aid; he collared him, and I was immediately tripped up, he fell upon me, made a struggle, and got his hands out of a handkerchief, which they were tied with, and struck me a blow over my head as soon as I got up; we were up and down three or four times; and while I was on my back I received a blow on the cheek-bone, which deprived me of my senses; but I did not let go of him, till the man who I called to my assistance pretended to assist. I said,
"hold him tight;" and at that moment he let him go - he ran down Charing-cross, but was secured.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
