






Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
1347. 
               
                  
                     JOSHUA 
                     VALENTINE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DALTRY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of October
, thirty-six yards of printed cotton, value 36 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Maynard
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street. On the 6th of October, I and Skillern were on duty in Whitechapel-road, I saw Valentine coming towards me, and asked what he had about him - he said, Nothing. I opened his waistcoat, and found a piece of blue print there, and partof it down his trowsers. I took him to the watch-house, and asked if he had any more; he said, No. I found another piece in his hat; he said he found it all together - there were two persons by him - I cannot say whether Daltry was one of them.


                  RICHARD 
                  B. SKILLERN
               



            . I was with Hall, and stopped Daltry, who was about one hundred and fifty yards from Valentine; he and another ran down Plumber's-row - I found a piece of printed cotton down his trowsers; he said it was his own - I asked where he got it; he said, I must find that out.


                  ELIZA 
                  MAYNARD
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Maynard
               



            , linen-draper
, of Sermon-lane, Limehouse


. On the 6th of October, in the afternoon, I was in the back parlour, and heard a footstep in the shop, but saw nobody; this cotton was afterwards brought to me; it is all ours, and was safe at three o'clock.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
VALENTINE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
DALTRY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
