





1188. 
               
                  GEORGE DESUMERY 
                  BAKER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of May
, 2 gowns, value 8s.; 3 gown-bodies, value 3s.; 3 petticoats, value 3s.; 12 towels, value 2s.; 2 waistcoats, value 1s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 1s.; 6 pairs of stockings, value 1s. 3d.; 2 caps, value 6d., and 11/2 yard of lace, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Pearse
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  COX
               



            . I live in Bell-street, Mary-le-bone


. I had the care of this property for Henry Pearse, who lodged next door to me. On the 14th of May, at half-past eleven o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner on the landing-place of my room - the property had been in a bundle in my box, but he had got it in a handkerchief which was only tied at two corners - he asked me if Mrs. Williams lodged there; I said No; he came downstairs - I went up and found my door open and the bundle gone - I ran down, clapped him on the shoulder, and said,"I want to speak to you;" he said, "Me!" I said, "Yes; walk up;" he went up-stairs before me - I opened Wallis' room door, told him to go in, and I ran down to look for a man, and he got away - he was taken in about an hour - he was quite a stranger, and had no right in the house - I had gone out at eight o'clock in the morning, and left my door locked - it was not broken open.


                  ANN 
                  WALLIS
               



            . Cox called me. I went into the room with the prisoner - he put down the bundle, took off the handkerchief, and put it into his pocket - he then ran downstairs and threw six picklock-keys into a tub of water which stood at the door - I tried to stop him - he knocked me down nine steps, and much hurt me - an alarm was raised.


                  JOHN 
                  PINDAR
               



            . I was going along Harrow-road, and heard a cry of Stop thief! saw the prisoner running, and several people after him; I caught him, and he threw down two keys into the drain; and as I picked them up, he tripped me up, and got away - I ran and took him again, and found a picklock-key on him, which opens the room-door.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was out of work thirteen weeks - a young man, who promised me a job, took me to this house, and gave me this bundle and the keys; he said they were for Mrs. Williams. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
