






1335. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     PEARSE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     SULLIVAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, a pair of trowsers, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Francisco 
                           De Crux
                        



                     
                  , and 70 lbs. of rope
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Brown
                  



               
            .


                  FRANCISCO 
                  DE CRUX
               



            . I am a seaman
. On the 26th of August, I left my trowsers in the forehead, on the starboard side of the ship Venus


; it was Sunday evening - I had been on shore, and returned the same night about ten o'clock, they were gone; the prisoner Pearse was employed about the ship
, but was not on board when I left.


                  JOHN 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I am second officer on board the ship Venus - De Crux was the Cook
; Pearse came on board for employment some days before, and I told the cook to give him some victuals. I did not see the trowsers on board the ship that day, nor the prisoner - but next morning the officer came and enquired if we had lost any rope - I then perceived that there was some missing; the prisoner was in custody and had the trowsers on.



                  ROBERT 
                  MASTERS
               



            . I am a Thames Police-officer. I apprehended the two prisoners on Monday the 27th of August, in Preston-row, about seven o'clock in the morning; they were each of them carrying rope - Pearse said they got it from a lighter at Deptford, but it was gone; they did not tell me the name of it. I then made enquiry - when I got on board the Venus, Rogers claimed the rope; Pearse had two pair of trowsers on, and De Crux claimed the outside pair.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
PEARSE'S Defence. I was going down the City canal about five o'clock that morning, a lighterman came to me, and asked if I wanted a job, and I went down to the lighter and pumped for three-quarters of an hour; he gave me a shilling, and asked if the rope was of any use to me, and said
"Here is an old pair of trowsers." I came on shore, and saw this young lad, and told him I would give him nine-pence to carry part of the rope.
SULLIVAN's Defence. The prisoner came up and said, I will give you nine-pence to carry part of this rope.
ROGERS re-examined. The ship laid in the City canal - we had no lighter by the side of us, into which the rope could have fallen.
PEARSE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SULLIVAN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
