





527. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of March
, 20 lbs. of lead, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Copeland
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Thomas Palmer 
                           Ackland
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Osgoode
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Lutterel
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           White
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Sanford
                        



                     
                  , and fixed to a building of theirs
            .
SECOND COUNT, the same, only stating it to be fixed to the building.
MR. ARABIN conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  CATON
               



            . I am a porter at the Albany


. One Monday in March, I saw a person named Coleman, walking about the buildings - he had no right to be there; I watched him on several other occasions. On this occasion he got out of my sight, and I found some lead secreted in a dark part of the buildings, which could not be seen without a light. I know where the lead was taken from. Before the prisoner was taken I saw the lead fitted to the tank.


                  JOHN 
                  NOEL
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody in the court-yard; he was in company with Goulden - this was on the 15th. On Tuesday or Wednesday, I was on the watch, and about half-past nine o'clock I saw them come into Albany west door steps, where I had seen the lead laying; they both returned, and the lead was concealed by Johnson in his jacket under his arm. Gouldin walked fast; Johnson was standing, and I took him into custody, but Goulden escaped. I did not know the lead belonged to the Albany but by its being there. I stopped him in the court-yard.


                  JAMES 
                  CATON
               



             re-examined. After the lead was taken I went to the tank, and found the lead taken - it was left secure. I compared it, and it fitted exactly. I am positive it is the same.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PEPPER
               



            . I am a constable. The lead weighs 21 1/2 lbs. It has been in my possession ever since.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  LUXAM
               



            . I am steward to the Albany. The names of the trustees are stated rightly in the indictment.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. One witness said 14th, and the other 15th, but I was taken on the 14th.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
