





NEW COURT.
(5th DAY.)
Middlesex Cases, Third Jury. Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
378. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  STEERS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, a grindstone spindle and handle, value 30 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Hester
               




            .
JOHN HESTER. I am a victualler
, and live at Hendon


. This grindstone and spindle were safe on my premises at six o'clock on the night of the 27th of November, and were missing next morning. My yard is enclosed - I could see the place where they had been lifted over. The prisoner lives about a mile and a half from me - I saw him and two others there on the evening of the 27th, going up the road to the barracks.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Hester. I saw this property safe on the evening of the 27th of November, and missed it next morning.


                  JOHN 
                  COOK
               



            . I am a constable. On the 22d of December I searched the prisoner's father's house, at Twickenham, and found a grindstone, but no spindle or handle. - It was concealed in a shed, under some hay and rubbish. I asked the prisoner how he came by it - he said he had had it two years.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was there any iron work about it? A. No. Mr. Hester said his grindstone had iron about it - it was in an open shed. The prisoner lives with his father and his brother, about two miles from Mr. Hester's.


                  JOHN 
                  STUDWICK
               



            . I am an officer, and was with Cook. I heard the prisoner say, that the grindstone was his, and he had had it a long time.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. My father had one about two years - I bought another one, but did not know which was stolen; I do not know which of them I told Mr. Cook I had had about two years - I thought it was the one we had had the longest.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
