





1968. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  ARNOLD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of September
, 1 gown, value 8s.; 1 cap, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d., and 1 apron, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Bird
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Sarah 
                        Bird
                     



.
SARAH BIRD. I live at No. 60, Wilson-street, Finsbury-square; my husband is a journeyman baker
 - his name is George. On the 13th of September, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was going to the Blackfriars'-road - it was a wet night; I had a bundle, which contained the things stated in the indictment; about eight o'clock I was in Castle-street, Falcon-square


, with my bundle on my left arm, and holding an umbrella in the other hand, and I had my pattens on - all in a minute the bundle was taken from me by being twitched over my shoulder; I turned round to see who it was, and somebody who stood at my elbow tried to knock me down, he only pushed me; the person who had my bundle was running away; I could not distinguish who it was, as his back was towards me - the man who pushed me ran down Maidenhead-court; I pursued the man with the bundle, calling Stop thief! I lost sight of him; the prisoner was stopped - I did not see him throw the bundle away - he was taken in a few minutes after I called Stop thief! the bundle was produced at the watch-house; it contained all the things.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HOLLOWAY
               



            . I am a watchman of Aldersgate. I was going up Maidenhead-court, calling half-past eight o'clock - I saw three or four persons together under the dark place; the prisoner made a plunge through, and almost knocked down a young man who was eating oysters, and then nearly knocked a woman down to make way for him to run away; I saw the bundle under his left arm, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I went after him and saw him throw it away at the bottom of the court in Aldersgate-street - I am quite sure he is the man; I ran, but lost sight of him for about three minutes - he was stopped in Falcon-street; I came up and took him - I saw the prosecutrix in Maidenhead-court, trying to save her bundle, as I thought - she was nearly close to the prisoner - I heard her cry out Stop thief! I can swear he is the man who was running away with the bundle - some person brought the bundle to the watch-house; the prosecutrix owned it there.


                  THOMAS 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am a watchman of Aldersgate. I saw the prisoner coming out of Maidenhead-court, running towards Falcon-street; he had not got the bundle then - I pursued and picked up the bundle - I did not lose sight of him; he was secured in two minutes - I produced the bundle at the watch-house; the prosecutrix described the contents - I gave it to Hart.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HART
               



            . I am a constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house; he did not say any thing to the charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from work; I turned through Falcon-street, and ran, as it rained very hard; I heard a cry of Stop thief! - two men came up and took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
