






84. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MOUNTJOY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     CARR
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of October
, 10 iron horse shoes, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Dennis 
                  Woodin
               




            , their master.
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  DENNIS 
                  WOODIN
               



            . I am a veterinary-surgeon
 - I have more establishments than one. Carr has been in my employ about three years, and Mountjoy about ten months - previous to the 26th of October, I received some information from my servant; the prisoners were employed at an establishment of mine in Upper Park-place


 - all the iron and horse-shoes there were mine.
ROBERT 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I am a Police-officer, and apprehended the prisoners.
HARRIET ANN ANSTEAD. I am in Mr. Woodin's service. On the 26th of October I opened the door at No. 2, Park-place - Mountjoy and Carr came in; I went into the drawing-room, and saw Carr placing some pieces of iron bar against the wall opposite the drawing-room window; I then saw Mountjoy take some shoes from the lath-rail, I suppose eight or ten - Carr was present at the time; he placed them where Carr placed the bars - Carr then took one or two pairs of shoes from off a heap, took some from under them, and put the top pairs on again; Carr then went to the street, and looked up and down; I went to the parlour window, and saw him - he then went into the shop again; I went into the drawing-room, and saw Mountjoy fill a bag, which seemed to be a nail-bag, with the iron, and Carr filled his pockets - I went to the parlour window, and saw them go into the street; I then lost sight of them.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Where is this drawing-room? A.Close to the shop - the horse-shoes were on the rafters at the top of the shop; I could see them distinctly, and have no doubt they were horse-shoes; Mountjoy took them down with an iron bar - different persons had permission to go into that shop; when I went into the parlour I could see them in the street; it was a quarter-past six o'clock in the morning - I do not know whether it is usual for workmen to take horse-shoes from one shop to another.
MR. WOODIN. The workmen at Gloucester-mews place have often taken things, but not these men; they had nothing to do with any other shop but that in Park-place - they formerly worked at another shop.
Cross-examined. Q. Is it not common for men to take shoes from one to another? A. They do sometimes, at the season of the year.
Mountjoy's Defence. I have carried shoes from Park-place to Gloucester-mews, and I fetch coals.
Carr's Defence. I have carried shoes from one shop to another. MOUNTJOY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.
CARR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There were two more indictments against the prisoners. The prosecutor stated that he had lost above 2000 horse-shoes within two months.
