





First London Jury - Before Mr. Recorder.
817. 
               
                  BENJAMIN 
                  GIFFORD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of March
, 1 shilling and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        William Frederick 
                        Searle
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Searle
                     



.
HENRY SEARLE, aged nine years, being questioned did not appear to understand the obligation of an oath.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  SEARLE
               



            . I am the mother of Henry Searle, and live in Bell-square, Moorfields. On the 23d of March, at nine o'clock in the morning, I sent him to his father at Billingsgate, to ask for some silver - he returned at a quarter past eleven o'clock, with an officer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FREDERICK SEARLE
               



            . I keep a stall
 at Billingsgate. I gave my son one shilling and a sixpence to take to his mother, before ten o'clock in the morning - he might have got home by ten; the sixpence was a remarkable one, having "J. T." punched on it, which I noticed when I took it - the prisoner was a stranger.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAYLOCK
               



            . I am a constable. On Friday, the 23d of March, I was in London-wall, and saw the prisoner with two reputed thieves. I followed them into Wormwood-street


, and saw the prisoner accost Henry Searle; his companions knew me, and went off; the prisoner enticed the boy down Union-court, which leads to Broad-street, and I saw the boy pull off his hat, and take out a piece of cotton - the prisoner then enticed him as far as Broad-street; he held the cotton in his hand, and opposite the Excise-office, asked the boy what he had in his hand, whether it was a button; the boy said No, it is 1s. 6d. which my father gave me for my mother; he then asked the boy if he wanted a bird, for he had got a very pretty one, and if he could not purchase it, he would give it him - he then asked him to let him look at what was in his hand - I heard all this distinctly; the boy opened his hand; the prisoner took the money out, and said if the bird saw any thing bright, it would hop away; he then wrapped the money up in the cotton, and was immediately running off with it, but I secured him. The little boy called out,"My money!" I took the money and cotton from the prisoner's hand, but saw no bird; he said he only wanted to take care of it for the boy for fear he should lose it; I took him to the Mansion-house, and then went to the boy's parents; I have had the money ever since; here is L T. stamped on the sixpence.
W. F. SEARLE. This is the sixpence I gave my son.
Prisoner's Defence. A young gentleman came, and asked if I would buy a bird and cage; I said No, I had no money - this little boy stood by, and I asked if he wanted to buy it; he said he should like it, but had no money; he dropped his sixpence; I picked it up, and gave it him- he was throwing it about, and I wrapped it in the cotton that he should not lose it; the constable then came, and took me.
T. HAYLOCK. If any thing of the kind had passed, I must have observed it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Life
            .
