





EIGHTEENTH DAY, TUESDAY, MAY 2.
474. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FARMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, one watch, value 5 l.; one watch-chain, value 3 l.; one seal, value 30 s., and one key, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Balls
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  BALLS
               



            . I am a grocer
, and live at Brentford. On the 17th of March, about twenty minutes before five o'clock in the evening, I was at Brentford Butts


 - it was the first day of the election. I attended Mr. Whitbread to his carriage from Mr. Thompson's door - there was a great crowd; the carriage drove away. I walked about two hundred yards in my way home, and missed my watch - I did not perceive it taken. I went to the constable, and next morning I found my watch in the possession of Thompson.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I was on duty at the election, and saw the prisoner in company with two more; I saw Mr. Whitbread's carriage drive from the door, and saw the prisoner close by the prosecutor, standing round him with his companions. They made a rush round him; the prisoner immediately left the others. I laid hold of him, and found the watch in his hand.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to Brentford to meet my friends, who are freeholders. I was in the crowd, and saw the watch, picked it off the ground, and cried out,
"Who has lost a watch?" Nobody answered. Thompson seized me, and I said if he would describe it he should have it.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



             re-examined. He never cried out,
"Who has lost a watch?"



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
