





934. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GIDDON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June
, one handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Parker
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
 from his person
            .


                  SIMON 
                  RAYMOND
               



            . I work for Mr. Cook, Soho-square. On the 30th of June, about ten minutes before one o'clock, I was in Piccadilly


, and saw the prisoner, in company with two others, near the prosecutor - the prisoner made two attempts to take his handkerchief out before he succeeded - the other two were one on each side of him; at last he drew it with his right hand out of the pocket - I immediately called to Mr. Parker -
"Sir, your pocket has been picked of your handkerchief;" he immediately threw it down, and ran away. I knew him by sight before. He was taken by the prosecutor and brought back; Ryan picked up the handkerchief, gave it to me, and I gave it to the constable. He was not above two minutes out of my sight.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARKER
               



            , ESQ. I am a barrister
. I was walking in Piccadilly, Raymond called out that my pocket had been picked; the prisoner ran by me, down the new street, I pursued, brought him back to the spot, and met two men, one of whom (Raymond), had the handkerchief, which I had used two minutes before.


                  PATRICK 
                  RYAN
               



            . The prisoner ran by me in Piccadilly,with the handkerchief - he threw it down, and I picked it up.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. It is my first offence.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
