





350. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RICHARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of December
, eight sovereigns and four shillings
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Augustus 
                     Johnson
                  




               
            .


                  AUGUSTUS 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a brandy-merchant
, and live in Regent-street. On the 20th of December, the prisoner called at my house, and ordered two gallons of rum and gin to be sent to Mr. Robertson, No. 20, Argyle-street, and change for a 10 l. note to be sent with it; I made out a billand receipt, sent it by the porter, and told him not to leave the goods without the money, as I did not know Mr. Robertson. I gave him eight sovereigns and four shillings for change; and finding him a very long time gone, I sent my boy after him. I have got the goods back, but not the money.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. You never saw him before - A. Only once; he was a very short time with me; I am certain of him.


                  EDWARD 
                  SUTTON
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Johnson, and was sent between four and five o'clock with these spirits, eight sovereigns, and four shillings for change; my master told me not to leave the goods without the money; I went to No. 20, Argyle-street, the servant-maid opened the door; the prisoner then came to the door, and told me to go down into the kitchen. He fetched a light up, and took me into the kitchen, told me to put the liquors on the dresser; and said there were some empty bottles in return - he asked if I had not a bill and change for a 10 l. note. I said I had - he said, if I would give him the bill and change, he would take it up to his master, and bring me down the note - he left me in the kitchen, and went up stairs, (as I thought,) to his master for the note. I waited about an hour and a half, and thought it strange that he did not return; found a servant in the next kitchen, and asked her for Mr. Robertson. I did not see the prisoner again till he was taken, and have not got the note or the 8 l. 4 s. back.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you go up stairs - A. No. I had seen the prisoner at my master's once before. I am certain he is the man.
COURT. Q. Would you have given him the change unless he had promised to bring you the note - A. No.


                  GEORGE 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I was in Mr. Johnson's service at this time; the prisoner came to give me this order at first on the 20th of December; he came one morning before to enquire the price of spirits. I saw him then, and am certain he is the man. On the 5th of January I was with my brother in Paradise-street, and he passed me; he saw that I noticed him, and said,
"Ah! ah! how do you do?" I made no answer, he stood for about ten seconds looking to see if I would answer. My brother said,
"Why don't you notice the gentleman." I said,
"He is the person who swindled Mr. Johnson," but not loud enough for him to hear; he then went away up a passage. I saw two persons standing at a potatoe warehouse, and asked them for an officer to take him; they laughed at me. I followed him into Paddington-street, he crossed over to Nottingham-place. I sent my brother to the office; I followed him into the New-road, and asked a butcher to lay hold of him, he put his hand on his collar, and I said,
"You are the person who has swindled Mr. Johnson, and if you will walk with me to the office, we will have an explanation;" he said, certainly, I went on with him, and met my brother with the officer.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not notice him - A. Yes, I did; and when he could not avoid me, he said, Ah! he walked pretty quick, and I kept behind him. When he gave the order, my master said he did not like his appearance, and I followed him to see if he went to No. 20, Argyle-street.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Robertson, of No. 20, Argyle-street. The prisoner came about the 1st of December, and took the first and second floor of the house for his master's son, as he said; he looked at the apartments three or four times; he did not live there, but called six or seven times, and said his master would come next day; but afterwards said his master was ill, and could not come to town. On the day before the spirits came he called, in a great hurry, and said his master would be there next day; he desired me to light the fires; and said his master would pay a week's money for the trouble we had in lighting them - he never came, and nothing has been paid. He called next morning, and asked if we could lend him a dozen bottles, as a dozen of wine was coming in, and his master was a near man, and did not like to pay for bottles - he had a dozen, and about four o'clock in the afternoon he came again, and said he wished the wine would come, for he wanted to go; the porter brought the spirits; I ran to the door, but he ran up before me and received the spirits himself - the porter remained in the kitchen a long time, and then asked for my master. I did not see the prisoner afterwards.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you positive that he is the man A. I am - he seemed agitated.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
