





1069. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     AKERMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of April
, 1 curtain, value 1s.; 1 silver-mounted cork, value 1s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 5s.; 1 nightcap, value 6d.; 1 box, value 6d.; 1 ladle, value 5s.; 2 wine-labels, value 3s.; 8 towels, value 8s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 4s.; 1 ink-stand, value 3d.; 1 key, value 3d., and 1 punch-ladle, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Warrington
                        



                     
                  , his master; 5 books, value 4s., and 1 napkin, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Duncan
                  



               
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  WARRINGTON
               



            . I live in Doughty-street; the prisoner was in my service. On the morning of the 14th of April I gave all my servants notice to quit, and had all their trunks searched: the articles enumerated were in the prisoner's trunk, and some others - he had been about eleven months with me.
WILLIAM HALL. I am an officer. I found these things in the prisoner's trunk when I searched it; he was present- I asked if he had any thing in it, but what belonged to him; he said No, nothing but his own things - I said,"What do you say to these things?" he made no answer.



                  THOMAS 
                  WARRINGTON
               



            . These articles are mine; the wardrobe belonged to a lodger in my house - he had lost the key, and had another made; the key was found in the prisoner's box.


                  JOHN 
                  DUNCAN
               



            . These books are mine. I lodge in the house.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he had taken the books for the purpose of reading them, and intended to return them as well as the articles of apparel, which he had only taken to wear.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
