







1050. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MITCHELL
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     COLLIS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WILD
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of July
, one handkerchief, value 2 s., the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Wall
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALL
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live in Bury-street, St. James's. On the 23d of July, about nine o'clock in the evening, I was just opposite Exeter-change


, and felt a slight pull at my pocket, I immediately felt, and missed my handkerchief; I turned round, and saw three boys in the road, four or five yards off, going away from me, the street was nearly clear. I was going to follow them, but saw two young men, they were the prisoners. I have never found my handkerchief.
Cross-examined. by MR. BRODERICK. Q. How far was one before the other - A. A very little way, they were together.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a constable. I was in the Strand, and first saw the three prisoners near Southampton-street, in company together. I saw all three take notice of gentlemen's pockets, they came close behind the prosecutor, I watched them narrowly, saw one, (I cannot say which) put his hand into Wall's pocket, and draw the handkerchief a little way, and as they got opposite Exeter-change, they made a pull at it, and it came out, they had kept close to him for about one hundred yards. One of them immediately crossed into the middle of the road, the other two went on. Mason secured the one in the road, I secured the others, searched them, but found no handkerchief. I am certain I saw them take it. As I was taking them up Catherine-street, a young lad, whom I knew to be a thief, came up, and spoke to one of them, he attempted to strike at me with a stick to get them away, but I took them to the watch-house. Mr. Birnie admitted Mitchell to bail.
Cross-examined. Q. They were to be tried at the petty Sessions - A. Yes; I did not give the instructions for the indictment.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MASON
               



            . I am a stationer and live in Chapel-court, Swallow-street. I was with Jones, and followed the prisoners, they were in company, talking together. I was on the other side of the way, and saw Wild draw the handkerchief out a little, and about twenty yards further one of them drew it quite out. Collis got into the middle of the road, about twelve yards off; I seized him. Jones took the others.
MITCHELL'S Defence. They swore I took it, at Bow-street.
WILD'S Defence. They said the other took it, and now they say I did.
COLLIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
WILD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MITCHELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Confined Six Months
             and 



               Whipped
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
