





671. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DUNN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of March


, 100 lbs. weight of lead value 10 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Atkinson
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a dwelling-house of his
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ATKINSON
               



            . I live in Royal Hospital-row, Chelsea


. This lead was stolen from my front parapet. It was all safe on Sunday morning, the 23d of March, about eleven o'clock; and next morning, about seven o'clock, I missed it. There was about 1 cwt. It has never been found. I sent for a constable. The prisoner was taken between eleven and twelve o'clock that morning.


                  FRANCIS 
                  GALE
               



            . I am a coachman, and live in Lower Sloane-street, about three minutes walk from Atkinson's. I put my coach up in the yard, three or four doors from Atkinson's house. A little after twelve o'clock at night, as I passed the shop, I kicked against against a roll of lead. I looked up, and saw two men on the leads of the shop, which are about twenty feet high. It was rather a dark night. I called the watchman two or three times. They laid down on the leads to hide themselves. I could find no watchman, and did not know what to do. As I stood there, the prisoner came down from the leads; (I had known him six months - he lived near the place.) I asked him what he was doing. He said, he was doing wrong. I said, I was sorry for it, and went home - there were three of them. I told my mistress of it at eleven o'clock, and she told Atkinson.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHAMPION
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner at the 
               
                  Nell 
                  Gwynn
               



            , public-house. He denied the charge. I found only 1 d. on them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
