






343. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     ANSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ASH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of December
, a coat, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Evans
                  




               
            .
DAVID EVAN. On the 12th of December, in the morning, I was at work in my master's garden at Highbury-grove


 - my coat hung on the garden fence; my fellow servant alarmed me, and I missed it, went in pursuit, and found the prisoner's walking by the river side; as soon as they saw me, Ash threw my coat out of their basket; Evans picked it up - we followed and secured them without losing sight of them. I first saw them about a mile from the garden.


                  JOSEPH 
                  EVANS
               



            . I went in pursuit, and first saw them about a mile and a half off, carrying the basket. When I got within thirty yards of them, they turned and saw me - Ash threw the coat out of the basket, and both immediately ran off, and climbed over a large wooden fence. I came up with them after crossing a few fields; then returned and fetched the coat.


                  JOHN 
                  CARNELL
               



            . The prisoners were given into my charge. I asked Anson why he ran if he did not take the coat, he said,
"It is true, I don't know what I ran for;" Ash said,
"Don't lay it to me" - Anson then said,
"We are both in it."
(Property produced and sworn to.)
ANSON'S Defence. I saw several people running, and ran the same as another. I have been twenty-seven years in the Navy.
ASH'S Defence. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and pursued over an hedge. A man stopped me.
ANSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 55.




               Confined Three Months
            .
ASH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
