





1858. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert John 
                           Shedder
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  JOHN SHEDDER
               



            . I live in Bedford-square. On the 9th of October, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I was going home, walking with my father, and at the bottom of Snow-hill


, he said, "Have you lost any thing?" I turned round, and my handkerchief was gone - the witness immediately gave it to me; I collared the prisoner - I cannot say whether he was nearest to me.


                  ROBERT 
                  FRAZER
               



            . I am a labourer in the London-docks. I was on Holborn-bridge, and saw Mr. Shedder; I did not see the prisoner near him, but saw him throw the handkerchief down close at my feet - nobody was pursuing him; three or four young lads were just before him - he was trying to make his escape: I collared him, and took the handkerchief up - Mr. Shedder owned it when he turned round; I was merely passing along.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . I am a street-keeper. I saw the prisoner standing at the end of Fleet-market, alone; I watched him for ten minutes - I saw him follow Mr. Shedder and a gentleman, and attempt his pocket; he did not succeed at first - I was crossing to see if he had picked the pocket, but a coach passing prevented me; when I got over I found him in custody - the handkerchief was delivered to me; the prosecutor's initials are on it: he tried to get away - I took another person, knowing him to be a suspicious character.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was not near the gentleman - there were four people between me and him; it is false to say he saw me for ten minutes: I had just come from St. Katharine's-docks.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . I am certain I saw him close to Mr. Shedder, and touching his pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
