






681. 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  DENMAN, alias 
ANNESLEY





            , and 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  MOULD
               




             were indicted, for 


               that they on the 25th of March
, feloniously did by menaces, maliciously demand money (i.e. 5 l.) of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Cozens
                     




                   - with intent the said sum of 5 l., from his person, and against his will, violently, and feloniously to steal, against the statute
            .
FIVE OTHER COUNTS, varying the manner of laying the charge.
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.
MR. THOMAS COZENS. I am a chemist and druggist
, and live in Castle-street, Liecester-square - I have lived there six months; I took the business of another person. On Wednesday, the 2d of March, I had been employed on business all day, till half-past nine o'clock in the evening; and then went out to get a little fresh air - I went through New-street, Covent-garden, and saw the prisoner Mould on the same side of the way; I met him; I walked a little way, he turned and followed me perhaps twenty yards; and finding he pressed me, I turned round on my way home; he repeatedly pushed against me the whole of the way down St. Martin's-court; I went into my house, and pointed him out to Baxter my shopman; Mould was then standing looking in at a ham and beet shop, about fifteen yards off, on the opposite side of the way. In consequence of what Baxter said, I went out and followed him up the court, and lost sight of him half-way up St. Martin's-court; he crossed the court, and on looking back I found he was gone. On the 6th of March, a gentleman dined with me; and about a quarter before nine o'clock in the evening, I went out a little way with him, and parted with him at the corner of Air-street, Leicester-square - I went along Coventry-street and met Mould, whom I recognized as having met before, as I stated; he put his hand to his hat, and said,
"How do you do, Sir?" I took no notice of him, but crossed the road; he crossed also, and then put his hand to his hat again, saying,
"How do you do, Sir? I am the lad you met the other evening; you have taken indecent liberties with me, and if you do not give me some money, I will give you in charge."
Q. I do not ask if you gave him any thing, but what did you do after that? Q. I proceeded in a direction for St. James's-square, along Charles-street, and saw several carriages driving about the square, and understood the Duke of Norfolk was coming out of a house there; I waited to see him, and while waiting, the prisoner Mould pushed up to me again - upon which I turned short round and went home; and on my way home, he accosted me at the corner of Charles-street, and said,
"This won't do, you must give me something more, or I'll give you in charge." I was exceedingly agitated at such a charge, at which one must recoil with horror. I told him he might take me, or my life, or what he pleased; I then went home. On the 9th of March, I met him again in Holborn, about two o'clock in the afternoon opposite Little Queen-street, he touched his hat with his hand andsaid,
"How do you do, Sir?" I made him on I reply - I had occasion to go into different shops, and while there, I observed him - I saw him looking in at the window of Mr. Collett, an ironmonger, in Middle-row, where I was - I afterwards went to Wilson and Co., druggists, Snow-hill, and saw him there; he followed me from there to Mr. Biggerstaff's, my brother-in-law's, in Smithfield; just as I got to his door, he came before me, put his hand to his hat, and said,
"How do you do?" I gave him no answer; when I came out from Mr Biggerstaff's he was standing on the opposite side of the railing; I went from there to another brother-in-law's, Mr. Lever's, No. 15, Smithfield; he followed me to the door, and just as I got inside, I saw him walking up and down before the window; I left that house at the back entrance, in order to avoid him.
Q. Were you out on the 21st of March? A. I was going to Mr. Griffiths, No. 2, Pullen's-row, Islington, and met Mould about twenty yards on the City side of Templebar - he touched his hat and said, How do you do, Sir? - I said nothing to him; I afterwards went to Mr. Clark's in Fleet-street - intending to get him to assist me in taking him; having determined to do so, as he said in Fleet-street,
"I am the lad that met you the other evening and you injured me very much - and if you do not give me something, I will give you in charge;" I then determined to get assistance and take him - but Mr. Clark was not at home; while I was at Mr. Clark's I observed him looking through the window; I waited about twenty minutes, Clark did not come, and in order to avoid him, I sent for a coach which I got into - and observed him running down by the side of it, down Fleet-market; and about Smithfield-bars he got up behind the coach - I desired the coachman to flog him off; I proceeded in the coach to Mr. Griffith's and there discharged the coach; George, Mr. Griffiths servant, came to the door - I merely said to him,
"Let me out your back way, for there is a fellow lurking outside I wish to avoid" - I went out the back way.
Q. On the 24th did your receive any communication from Mr. Griffiths? A. Yes, and went to Mr. Biggerstaff's, in order to meet Mould; Mr. Lever, my brother-in-law, had come for me with a message from Mr. Biggerstaff - I understood I was to meet the prisoners in an hour. I had an officer ready to take them, but they did not come to Mr. Biggerstaff's. On the morning of 25th a note was brought to me by Mr. Griffiths's servant, and in consequence of that note I went to the terrace on the Temple, with the note; I got there in about ten minutes, when the prisoner Denman, came up, and said,
"Have I the pleasure of addressing Mr. Cozens?" I said,
"That is my name - what is your business?" his reply was that he had written a note to me, which of course I had received; I said I had, and in consequence of that note I had come to meet him at the appointed time.
Q. Had you received any other note to lead you there but that? A. None; I observed the prisoner Mould standing under the clock; Denman stated that he had come to me respecting some very unpleasant affair between me and that youth, pointing to Mould; that I had taken indecent liberties with him - that he (Denman) was a respectable stationer, residing in Edgware-road; that he had brought up a large family respectably - that the youth (pointing to Mould) had returned a few evenings since, and communicated to the whole of his (Denman's) establishment, that a gentleman had taken indecent liberties with him a few evenings since, whom he since understood to be me - that he could not suffer such a slur to remain over the character of himself and his family, and as the youth was going to sea he wished the affair to be compromised, and demanded of me as a compromise 5 l.; he said,
"We must have 5 l.:" he said he had once fitted the youth out for sea, and had been at a great expense with him: that he had unfortunately got into bad company, and frequented ale-houses, but that he had promised to reform, and he was about to re-fit him for sea. He again said,
"If you will give us 5 l. this affair shall be entirely buried in oblivion, and you may rely on it you shall never hear any more of it;" he said
"We must have 5 l." I merely stated that I was not a rich man - that I was a tradesman, and could not afford to give so much, upon which I took out two sovereigns, and about 10 s., in loose silver, from my pocket; Denman held out his hand for the two sovereigns - I said,
"I shall not give it to you - I shall give it to the person who has accused me." Mould then held out his hand, and I gave him the two sovereigns, which had been previously marked; Denman then said,
"You must make up the other as soon as you can, for we must have 5 l." - I immediately gave a signal, which had been agreed upon, and Wainwright, who was waiting, came up and took them into custody. There had been a plan to apprehend them; the sovereigns had been marked, and delivered to me for that purpose. I went afterwards to Denman's lodging, in Clement's-lane, with Mr. Harmer's clerk.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You refused to give Denman the money, but said you would give it to the person who accused you? A. I did. I have lived in London at various periods, probably five or six years. I never saw Mould before the 2d of March; I went no further than New-street that night; he pushed against me in the street five or six times - I did not collar him; he did not speak to me that night. When I met him on the 6th he pushed against me, but not so much as before. I recognised him when he addressed me.
Q. Was it not day-light? A. No; it was about a quarter to nine o'clock on the 6th; I recognised him by the light of the lamps in Coventry-street; I did not give him in charge, nor ask why he pushed me: there were thirty or forty people in St. James's-square - he only pushed against me once in that crowd.
Q. Why not take him in charge - he had not accused you of any thing then? A. Yes, he had. I had no cause to give him in charge on the 2d. He pushed me purposely five or six times. I never saw Denman till I went to Temple-terrace; he told me there that the other had said I had taken indecent liberties with him.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. Was Denman close by when you said you would give the money to the person who had accused you? A. Yes, and after I gave it to Mould, Denman said,
"We must have the other to make up the 5 l." Before I came to town I lived with Mr. Pitt, a surgeon, at Brighton. My father was a banker, at Watlington, in Oxfordshire - I was brought up there, and apprenticed to Mr. Hopewell, of George-street, Portman-square.

The letter alluded to was here read.
To Mr. Cozens, Jun., 82, Smithfield.
Private.
"Sir, - In consequence of private information calumniating your character, I am truly desirons of an interview, and having called several times this day, March the 24th, and not finding you at home has induced me to request your attention to this. You may rely on every confidence and honour attached to the name of u gentleman, by meeting me by twelve o'clock to-morrow morning, on the Temple-terrace, Temple; I will endeavour to adjust matters now existing. The affair of this communication is on behalf of a distressed youth of last Sunday fortnight's connection."
I am, Sir, your's respectfully,
W. J. SMITH."
"If you cannot see me this day, I shall fully expect you tomorrow, at the time appointed."


                  GEORGE 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Cozens. On the evening of the 2d of March, I remember his coming home and speaking to me; it was after half-past 8 o'clock; I cannot particularly recollect the time; I said something to him which induced him to go out; I saw a person who he pointed out standing under a lamp on the opposite side, I merely saw the colour of his coat.


                  JOHN 
                  LINCOLN
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Lever, No. 15, Smithfield bars. One day in March, about three o'clock, Mr. Cozens came to master's house, and after he had come in I observed Mould walking backward and forward, and looking in at the window; I went to the door, he came up and asked if the gentleman lived there who had just come in - nobody but Mr. Cozens had come in; I said he did not, and did not say where he did live. Mould walked into the shop again, about a week after, and asked if Mr. Thomas Cozens had been there? we said he had not. The shopman asked him if he had found out where Mr. Cozens lived; he said he thought either at No. 82, Smithfield or No. 2, High-street, Islington; that he got up behind a coach, but Mr. Cozens looked out and asked the coachman to whip him down - he went away.
Prisoner MOULD. You told me he was not within; that you knew what circumstances I had come under, and that his brother had been taken up on the same ground. Witness - It is all false; I did not know Mr. Cozens had a brother.


                  JOHN 
                  ALVIN
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Clark, a shoemaker, in Fleet-street. On the evening of the 21st of March, Mr. Cozens came to our shop; Mr. Clark was not at home; I was doing something to the window, and saw Mould at the corner of the window; he appeared to be noticing a person who was coming down our stairs; I afterwards got Mr. Cozens a coach; Mould still stood at the window, and appeared to take great notice of Mr. Cozens as he got into the coach; he appeared to follow the coach till I lost sight of him.


                  MARY 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Griffiths, No. 2, Pullen's-row, Islington. On the evening of the 21st of March, Mould knocked at our door; I asked what he wanted; he said he wanted a gentleman; I said
"What do you want with him?" he said it was not fit for any woman to know; I told him he must wait, and shut the door.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVERY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Griffiths. On the 21st of March, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, Mr. Cozens came to master's house in a coach; he appeared very much frightened; he came into the passage and asked me to let him out our back way, which I did; Mould came to the door in about a quarter of an hour - nobody had called in the mean time; he asked for the gentleman who had come in the coach; I said he was not in the house; he said he was sure he was in the house, for he had been at the door ever since he came in, and that he could not get out the back way, because of the New River; he said he would fetch an officer and have the house searched; I said he might, for he was not there. On the 24th of March, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, both the prisoners came in the house; Denman asked the last witness if Mr. T. Cozens was there - I came up, and then he asked me (Mould was by); I said he was not; Denman said he had received a letter, stating that he was residing at this house, No. 2, Pullen's row; I said he did not, but he might find him at No. 82, Smithfield; I looked round at Mould, and said
"You are the young man who was here the other evening?" He said
"Yes, I am." I said
"I knew your face again." They thanked me and went away; I followed them straight down St. John-street-road, and saw Denman go into the George and Dragon public-house; Mould went into a shop and got some paper and went over to him; I made the best of my way to No. 82, Smithfield, and informed master what had happened, and saw both the prisoners opposite to No. 82, Smithfield, three-quarters of an hour after I had left them in St. John-street.


                  SARAH 
                  JESSOP
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Wells, who keeps the George and Dragon, St. John's-street-road. On the 24th of March, about ten o'clock in the morning, two young men came in and wrote a letter.
Mr. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BIGGERSTAFF
               



            . I live at No. 82, Smithfield, and have been married to Mr. Cozens' sister 11 years. On the 24th of March, in the afternoon, the letter produced was brought to my house; before that I had received information from Mr. Cozens; I opened the letter, and stated to the lad who brought it, that Mr. Cozens would meet them according to appointment; Mr. Cozens has a brother Robert, who is about twenty-seven years of age. I have known the family thirteen years; I never knew any criminal charge made against Mr. Robert Cozens.
Mr. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am in partnership with Mr. Biggerstaff, and have been acquainted with Mr. Cozens' family eleven or twelve years. On the 24th of March, the day before the prisoners were apprehended, a man called at No. 82, Smithfield, and asked me if Mr. Cozens was there; I cannot positively swear to the man, but believe it to be Mould, and believed so when I saw him in custody next day.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WAINWRIGHT
               



            . I am an officer. In consequence of a plan which had been laid, I attended at the Temple, and apprehended the prisoners; before that I saw two sovereigns marked at Mr. Harmer's office, and given to Mr. Cozens. A signal being given by Mr. Cozens, on the Temple, I went up and seized both the prisoners, and gave Denman to Lloyd, and in Mould's right hand found the same two marked sovereigns - I had seen them talking to Mr. Cozens.


                  ANDREW 
                  LLOYD
               



            . Wainwright's evidence is correct. I searched in Edgware-road, to find such a person asDenman, a stationer, and called at all the should which appeared to sell stationary; I searched and made diligent inquiry but could find nobody of the name.
DENMAN'S Defence. My Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury, my not having pleaded guilty was with a conviction of my innocence of any felonious intention of extorting money from Mr. Cozens; having once swerved from the paths of rectitude two years ago - the press has held me up as a youth lost to all morality, and I was obliged to do as I could for a living; about six months ago I got a situation with a doctor, at Lambeth, but he was unable to support me; fearful of being arrested, I was obliged to go into obscure lodgings to avoid an arrest. If my fellow prisoner has mislead me I am sorry for it, but I trust that merely, which has always been held out by His Majesty, will be extended to me; I knew Mould, by having seen him in Covent-garden, with salesmen, where he lived, but being mislead he swerved from the paths of rectitude. - He came to me one night, and stated that he had known Mr. Cozens before Christmas, and that Mr. Cozens had actually given him a pound or two at a time - that he had seen him a night or two ago, and he had promised to serve him, and would I write to Mr. Cozens to assist him; wishing to serve him I wrote, and certainly did not wish to put my name to the letter. I am the son of a military officer, of some rank, who has fought the battles of his country. I was mislead by a set of fellows who kept a gaming-house, in the vicinity of St. James's, and was ruined; but it was not for money for myself that I acted in this business. If no commiseration can be shewn to me I must bow to my sentence, but I am innocent of any felunions intention. I had met with the patronage of His Majesty to a literary work of great magnitude, but His Majesty's official letter, having fallen into the hands of some gentlemen it was withheld from me.
DENMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
MOULD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Life
            .
