





1147. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GANDER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of May
, 25 lbs. of lead, value 5 s., belonging to 
                     
                        William 
                        Hobson
                     




                  , and then fixed to a dwelling-house of his, and one fixture (i.e.), one copper, value 1 l., his property, and fixed to the said dwelling-house
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  WATERS
               



            . I am an officer. I was on duty on the 25th of May, in Old-street, about a quarter before six o'clock in the morning, and met the prisoner carrying a copper; I asked where he was going with it; he said to Featherstone-street, and he had brought it from Providence row, Islington - he was going to repair it, as he was a smith; I said I would go with him; we went till we came to a court which leads to a notorious house; he then threw it down, ran into a house, and shut the door; I took it up, and saw the lead in it; I went to the court in about three hours, and saw him coming out of the next house to the one he had gone into - without his coat; I got a brother officer, and we secured him; I did not know him before, but am positive of his person. I took the copper and lead to the prosecutor - it exactly fitted the place, and the lead corresponded with what was left.


                  ANN 
                  HOBSON
               



            . I am the wife of William Hobson, of Windsor-place, City-road


. On the 24th of May this copper was safe in the back kitchen; it was fixed, and had lead round it; I missed it about nine o'clock next morning - the kitchen had been locked, but it was but a common lock.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A man met me, and asked me to carry the copper: he said he would call for it at the end of the week, and there was some lead which I might keep.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 61.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
