





954. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MORGAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Charles 
                           Bricknell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CHARLES BRICKNELL
               



            . I am a hosier
. I was standing in a passage leading from Princes-street


 to Leicester-square


; I felt a pressure at my pocket - I felt, and missed my handkerchief; I saw two persons near me, and took hold of one of them; a gentleman came up, and said he would point out the prisoner; he showed him to me in Coventry-street; I recognised him as one who had been behind me - on the road to the watch-house he spoke to a person, and my handkerchief was sent to the watch-house.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAM IRESON
               



            . I saw Mr. Bricknell standing in the street; the prisoner took a handkerchief from his pocket, and put it behind him - a boy, who was standing against a post, took it from him; I am certain he is the person - I pointed him out to the prosecutor.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to me; the handkerchief was delivered to me by Harris.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . About half-past eight o'clock I was going to get some wood; I saw a mob, and went up; the prisoner called me, and told me to go to Peter-street, to 
               
                  Jem 
                  Connolly
               



            , and fetch the handkerchief, which I did.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. This gentleman took another boy who had picked his pocket. I went on to St. Martin's church, and back again - he then came, and charged me with it after he had let the other boy go: I said I would go and show him where the other boy was, as I saw a boy running with it; I met Harris, and told him to go to the boy - it is quite false for that gentleman to say he saw me pick the pocket; if he did, why did he not take me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
