





66. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     LEWIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of October
, one watch, value 3 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Power
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Rigg
                     



.


                  JOHN 
                  POWER
               



            . I am an Irishman. I arrived in town from Bristol on the 25th of October, at four o'clock in the morning; I was a stranger, and did not know where to lodge. I went into a public-house in Piccadilly, and was drinking a pint of beer with my wife, the prisoner came in, and drank with us. He asked if I was a stranger? I said Yes; he said he supposed I was tired, and wanted a lodging? I said I should be very glad to get one, but did not know where; he said he lodged with an Irishwoman, and would take me there, and was sure she would be very kind to me. I said I would give him 1 s. for his trouble; he said he would not have it. He took me to Rigg's house, Rump-court, Westminster; he introduced us to her as her country people. She said she did not know our characters; he said we were very good characters. We were taken into a room with two beds - a man was in one; he dressed himself, and went out - it was about half-past six o'clock. I hung my watch upon a nail in the wall. The prisoner went to bed, and in half an hour he got up and said
"Countrywoman, are you asleep?" she said No; he said he hoped we were comfortable; he went to bed again. I observed the door open and shut. I went to sleep, and at eight o'clock missed my watch. I went to Williams's, the pawnbroker, and described it; about twelve o'clock he came, and said the prisoner was in the shop. I went and found him there, but not the watch.


                  MARY 
                  RIGG
               



            . I rent the house. About six o'clock, before I was up; the prisoner brought Powers and his wife, saying they were my country people, and wanted a lodging; the prisoner had slept one night at my house, and being out late, I thought they might be bad characters, but upon examining them I gave them a bed. The prisoner stopped some time in my kitchen, and asked me to lend him 4 s. to redeem some shoes at Williams's. He went up stairs, I knew he had no money, for he could not pay me four-pence for a night's lodging - he went away without speaking to me. I took Powers to Williams's, thinking the prisoner might go there - nobody but him, could take the watch.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 25th of October, Powers gave me information, and begged me to stop Lewis. About eleven o'clock the prisoner came to make an affidavit of losing the duplicate of a pair of shoes; he went to Queen-square. I sent for Powers; when the prisoner returned, he was secured - he had left 9 s. 6 d. with me.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SHORT
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in custody, and found 10 s. on him; he gave no account how he came by it.
Prisoner's Defence. I went out when I awoke. I had received 10 s. 6 d. the night before, for work. I never stole it.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
