







977. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WELLS
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     TAMER 
                     SEETON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BERRY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of April
, 1 gown, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Russell 
                     Law
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  MILLS
               



            . I live with Mr. John Russell Law, a pawnbroker
 of Commercial-road


. On the 8th of April Seeton and Wells came to our shop to pawn a dressing-case, which I would not take in - this gown was hanging up in the shop, but I did not observe them go near it; they came to the counter - the gown was near the counter; when they were gone I missed it; my suspicion fell on the two women - I went out, and found Berry about seven doors off with the gown under her shawl, at the corner of Berners-street; she had not been to the house - I said she must come with me to the shop; she said she was to have 6d. for carrying it, and pointed us to two women, but I did not observe them - I did not hear her say the word"Women;" I said before the Magistrate that she said two women had given her 6d. to carry it - she did say so; I brought her back to the shop; the officer took the other woman.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Berry mentioned that two women had given it her? A. I did not observe them - I did not see her point; she told me she pointed - there were two other persons in the shop, but they remained till I got back.
COURT. Q. Is it a long counter? A. Yes; it might have been taken by one without the other knowing it - I could not see who took it.


                  JAMES 
                  FOGG
               



            . I took Berry in charge with this gown; she said, "I did not steal it; Wells gave it to my sister Tamer, and she gave it me." I then went to Seeton's mother, and found Seeton there; I told her I wanted her and Mrs. Wells - she began to cry, and said "You have got Bet at the office for stealing a gown; but I am the thief, and she shall not suffer innocently - I took the gown from Laws, and they know it;" there was no promise or threat made to her - I had not been in the house a moment.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to say she told you this story without your saying any thing to induce her? A. Yes; I knew her before, and she knew I was an officer - I believe she has three or four children.


                  JOHN 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am an officer. We went, and took Wells after we had taken Seeton - Wells denied all knowledge of it; Seeton and Berry are sisters.(Property produced and sworn to.)
WELLS' Defence. I am innocent - I never saw the people till I went to the office.
SEETON's Defence. I am innocent.


                  JOHN 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am a waterman. I was standing at the corner of Berners-street talking to Berry, Seeton came up and said, "I have bought a gown Betsey, will you carry it for me under your shawl, and it will not get wet;" she took it, and they walked down the street.
Q. Do you live with either of them? A. I live close by- we have drank together; nothing was said about a sixpence - it rained very hard.
Q. She said she had bought the gown? A. Yes, for 4s.; they are sisters - I did not see Wells there; Berry desired me to come here - I was not before the Magistrate.
SEETON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
BERRY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WELLS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
