





644. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     KENNY
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing twelve knives, value 28 s., and twelve forks, value 14 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Martin 
                     Allies
                  




               
            , his master
.


                  CHARLES 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I have twelve knives and twelve forks, which I bought of the prisoner on the 14th of February, for 20 s.; I knew him very well.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure it was on the 14th. - A. I believe so, they are not worth more than I gave. I consider it a very handsome price. I had seen him three times before. I put them in the window for sale, Mr. Reeves keeps the shop.
COURT. Q. Did you buy any thing else of him - A. I bought another set of him on the 7th of February, for 38 s., and sold them to Mr. Cook for 32 s.; they are in the possession of Honey. I know his face, and swear to him.


                  HENRY 
                  COOK
               



            . I bought these knives and forks of Payne. I left them at a cutler's in Newgate-street, to be set, and called on Mr. Allies, whose name is on them, to know what he would make me desert knives to match them for. I shewed him the forks; he went with me to the cutlers, and gave me another set for them, a quarter of an hour after I had left them there.
Cross-examined. Q. Can you swear that the cutler gave back the same knives that you left - A. I believe so.
MR. ALLIES. Mr. Cook brought me the forks to have desert ones to match. I went with him to the cutler's, and got the knives which I produced; they are marked with my name, and were made at Sheffield.
Cross-examined. Q. Your name is stamped on them to persuade the public that they are town-made - A. No, I wish persons to know that they are bought at my house. I had five dozen of this pattern. I sold two dozen in the country, two dozen are at the cutlers, and one at home.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
