





1113. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     COX
                  , alias 
                     ANN 
                     
                     
DORAN





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of May
, 2 shirts, value 6s., and 1 waistcoat, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Fleming
                     




; and that she had been before convicted of felony.


                  SOPHIA 
                  FLEMING
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Fleming
               



            , a last-maker. On the 16th of May, this shirt belonging to my husband, and a shirt and waistcoat belonging to my master, hung on a horse to air; the prisoner came and took me out to a public-house, while she went back to my lodgings - she said she would return in a few minutes, but did not; I went back at eight o'clock, and they were gone.
Prisoner. She invited me several times to go and see her; I went, and we had three half-quarterns of rum. witness. I had only seen her twice for four years.

JULIA
             M'CARTY. I live at this house. There was only one quartern of rum which she sent me for, and when she came for the things I was in the room; she said she was sent for them by Mrs. Fleming - she took two shirts and one waistcoat.
SOPHIA FLEMING. I did not send her for them, and did not see her again till she was in custody.
JOHN FLEMING. I went in search of the prisoner, and found her.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner, and found the duplicates on her.
GEROGE KNAPP. I am a pawnbroker. I took in two shirts and a waistcoat, on the 16th of May, from a woman, to whom I gave this duplicate.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. She sent me for the things; we were both intoxicated.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CADBY
               



            . I produce a record of a former conviction of the prisoner, which I got from Mr. Shelton's office; I was present at the trial, and know she is the person. - (read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
