






453. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Barrick
                        




                     
                  , one pocket-book, value 6 d.; two 5 l., and one 1 l. Bank notes, his property
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BARRICK
               



            . I am in the Second Battalion of Royal Veterans
. On the 8th of March, I arrived late in the evening from Sudbury, in Suffolk. About eleven o'clock at night I was going down King-street, Westminster, and met the prisoner, Jones. She said,
"Sergeant! how do you do? will you give me a glass of gin? for I am very cold." I went into a public-house, and gave her a glass of gin; we came out, and she followed me into Great George-street. I went with her to her lodging No. 45, Duck-lane


 - I had no lodging of my own; I was on my road to Gosport. I went to bed with her, and we fell asleep. On waking in the night I found her and Green sitting by the fire in the room. Jones began to use bad language, and said she wanted more gin; I gave her a shilling, and she fetched some. Shortly after they both went out, and returned about six o'clock together. Jones then fell on me in the bed, and as soon as I could extricate myself from her, I missed Green from the room, and also missed my waistcoat from under the pillow, with a pocket-book containing two 5 l. and five 1 l. Bank notes. I got up, secured the door, and kept Green in the room. She said she knew nothing about it, and pretended to be very drunk indeed - she was a little tipsy. I dressed myself, locked her in the room, and went for an officer, returned, and found the outer door locked. The officer said he dare not break it open, but if I would come at night he would assist in apprehending them. I went at night, and looked up to the house to see what number it was. A woman came out, and I said,
"What number is this?" she said 48, and ran back into the house. I followed her; she ran into the room where I had been, and said,
"D - n your eyes! lock the door, he is come again!" I said,
"No, I will lock the door, and stop here till the officer comes." I saw Jones on the bed, apparently very drunk - Green was not there. I locked the door, and staid there from seven o'clock till nine, when I heard the watchman. I then ran to thestreet door, called him in, and unlocked the room door. We secured her, and took her to the watch-house. I then returned with the constable of the night to search for this property, and found Green up stairs, half-naked, in the passage. I found part of my pocket-book under the bed - the contents were taken out. Part of the money was given to me to subsist upon on the road. I am certain they are the women.


                  ROBERT 
                  HUDSON
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the cry of Watch! went to the prosecutor's assistance, and found the prisoner, Jones, on the bed, drunk - I helped to secure her. She said she knew the prosecutor, but knew nothing of his money. I had seen him going towards the house with her about half-past eleven o'clock the night before, and about four o'clock in the morning I saw her go out and fetch liquor. I took Jones to the watch-house, returned with the constable of the night, and found part of the pocket-book under Green's bed - the prosecutor described it before he saw it; we found Green in another apartment up stairs, and found the other part of the pocket-book in the privy, which belongs to several houses.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MILLS
               



            . I was constable of the night. Jones was brought to the watch-house. The prosecutor gave the account he has now done. I returned to the house, and took Green. She did not deny having been with the prosecutor.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
JONES'S Defence. I was very much in liquor.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.
GREEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.





               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
