





1524. 
               
                  JANE 
                  BRETT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of June
, 1 neckerchief, value 1d.; 1 half-sovereign, 3 half-crowns, 7 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        Hugh 
                        Higgins
                     




                  , from his person
            .
HUGH HIGGINS. I am a hatter
, and work for Mr. Austin of Uxbridge. On the 24th of June, about two o'clock in the morning, I left Uxbridge; and when I came to town I went into the Black Horse public-house, St. Giles'


, for refreshment - this was between seven and eight o'clock; the prisoner came in, and asked what countryman I was - I said an Irishman; she asked where from - I said Dublin. I asked her to drink, which she did; I gave her 1s. to get an apron - she returned, and sent her girl to get breakfast; she took me to her room - I sat on the bed; she asked for 1s. to get breakfast, which I gave her - the landlord then came in for his rent; she had not enough, and asked me for another shilling, which I gave her - I laid down and fell asleep; when I awoke I gave her another shilling - she bought four mackarel, and then said she was going to a wake, and would I give her half a gallon of beer, which I did - when she was gone I missed my money from my fob. I had put my trousers under the pillow; there had been another woman there, but she was not near the bed. I missed a handkerchief from under my head - I found two halfpence in my fob, which I am certain were not there when I went to sleep. We found her in about an hour and a half, drinking gin at the bar of a public-house - we found five shillings and my handkerchief in her pocket.


                  ROBERT 
                  PEARSON
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutor was standing in the street, talking to the prisoner's daughter, about the robbery - we got information, and at last found the prisoner in a public-house, at the corner of Plumtree-street. I found 5s. 61/4d. and this neck-cloth on her.
Prisoner's Defence. He asked me to take care of the handkerchief; he said he had been robbed of 35s. 6d. in the morning, and lost his apron.
PROSECUTOR. I did not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
