






586. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     AYLETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of February
, two handkerchiefs, value 4 s., and fifteen quarts of wine, value 30 s., the goods of 
                     

                              Henry Revell 
                              Reynolds
                           



                        , Sen.



Esq.

 and one cravat, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               

                        Henry 
                        Revell Reynolds



                  , junior



            .
MR. WALFORD conducted the prosecution.
H. R. REYNOLDS, ESQ. I am a barrister

, and live in Bedford-row


. The prisoner was in my service, as footman
, for about fifteen months. In consequence of suspicion, on a Friday, about the middle of February, I sent him out on a message, and in his absence went down to his apartment, where he slept. It was below, and he was the only servant who slept below. On searching this apartment, I found a silk pocket handkerchief of mine in the recess where his bed was, and a cravat of my son's, who was at that time at Cambridge. He had been there about ten days. I have also missed wine and spirits from the cellar. I got Ruthven, the officer, to come in the evening, and went out with him to a mews, at the back of John-street, Bedford-row, to a laundress.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  ROBERT STRANGE
               



            . I am turned nine years of age. I go to church, have learnt my catechism, it is a bad thing to tell a lie. I believe God will punish wicked persons in the next world (sworn). I know the prisoner. I went to Mr. Reynolds's house, to fetch some linen from the prisoner, just before he was taken up. I brought it home to my mother to wash. I gave her the same he gave me.


                  ANN 
                  STRANGE
               



            . I live at No. 8, John's Mews. I have washed for the prisoner a long time. Shortly before he was taken up. I sent my little boy to him for his linen - he brought it. Mr. Reynolds and Ruthven came to my house soon afterwards. I shewed them a neckcloth and silk handkerchief, which Mr. Reynolds claimed - they were part of what my son brought me.
H. R. REYNOLDS, ESQ. (re-examined.) I selected a cravat of my own, and a handkerchief of my son's, and gave them to Ruthven, and returned to my house with him. The prisoner opened the door to us. I told him Ruthven was an officer, that I suspected him of stealing my linen and wine, and he must search him. He made no objection, but went down with us to his room. Ruthven searched, and somewhere found a third handkerchief, the one I had seen by the bed in the morning was gone. On looking at it, I found it marked H. R. R. I asked him how he came by it - he said I gave it him, which was certainly not so. Ruthven opened his box, and somewhere found a key. He asked the prisoner what key it was; he said it belonged to his son. I tried that key, and found it opened my library table, in which I keep my cellar keys. He knew I kept them there, and has seen me take them out from there. I had missed wine before. I came down and told him it was now clear to me how he had got the wine and spirits, which I had often smelt him to have been drinking. He said,
"Well, if I have had wine and spirits, it is impossible I could get through the hard work of your place upon small beer." In November last I had fifteen dozen bottles of a particular Port sent into my back cellar, of which I had at that time used but two bottles - it was not the cellar in which the wine in drink was kept. I examined the quantity left, about two days after the prisoner was apprehended, and then found only eight dozen and a half left. I missed about six dozen. That wine could not be got at without a false key to my cellar, or a false key to the drawer in which the cellar key was kept. There was not the least appearance of force being used to the cellar. I attended the examination before the magistrate - what he said was not taken down. After the examination of myself, the magistrate asked if he would put any questions to me - he said,
"I am sorry for what I have done, but I have not taken so much wine as my master supposes."


                  GEORGE 
                  RUTHVEN
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. I was fetched to Mr. Reynolds's, and produce two handkerchiefs found at the laundress's. Mr. Reynolds took them off the horse. I then went back, and searched the prisoner's room, in his presence, and found this handkerchief between the mattress and sacking. I found a neckcloth in the dirty clothes bag, in his room. He said the one I found under the bed was his; and when Mr. Reynolds came down he said he gave it him. Mr. Reynolds denied it. I found a key in the prisoner's box, which he said belonged to a box he had in the City. I asked where? - I pressed the question. He then said it belonged to a box of his son's, at No. 16, Castle-street, Southwark. He then said it was No. 26. I went and found his son either at No. 25, or No. 27 - The key would open no box there.
MR. REYNOLDS. I found in the back part adjoining the cellar, two or three dozen empty bottles, marked the same as the wine I lost - I had no others marked that way.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The handkerchief found in my bed I took out of my master's coat pocket, when I brushed it, and forgot to take it up. I found Mr. Reynold's son's handkerchief in his pocket, and forgot to give it to the housemaid.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
