






Before Mr. Recorder.
1254. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HANISEL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of September

, a watch, value 3 l. 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John James 
                           Harris
                        



                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JACOB 
                     LEVY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to be stolen
            .


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES HARRIS
               



            . I rent a house in Upper Nightingale-lane, Bishopsgate without



, and am a watchmaker
. On the 10th of September, my shopman came to inform me that a watch was stolen - I examined, and missed a customer's watch off my shop board. I gave information the afternoon after it was stolen. Hanisel was brought to my house, about two o'clock - I immediately went in pursuit of Levy; I met him in East Smithfield, collared him, and told him there was a valuable watch stolen from my shop, by Hanisel, his lodger, and he had received it from him, and given him 8 s. for it - he protested solemnly that he never saw it. He was brought before Hanisel, at my house, and said,
"Oh! you wicked youth, for charging me with the robbery, you know I know nothing of it, I have received no watch from you at all, and did not know you had one." Hanisel answered,
"Oh! Levy, you know you waited at the window, while I took the watch out, and you gave me 8 s. for it when I brought it out, and said it was an old watch, and worth no more;" he still denied all knowledge of it. The servant came in, and said she saw Levy at the window - he at last said,
"I wish you would let me speak to Brant;" he went into the kitchen with him; then came out, and said,
"I have got the watch from the prisoner, but I gave him 30 s. for it;" 3 l. 10 s. is a very low value for it - I should sell it to a dealer for that. I went with Levy and Brant, and he gave me up the watch.
Prisoner LEVY. Q. It was not me that gave you the watch - A. He sent a Jew to fetch it, and when he brought it, told him to give it to me.


                  HENRY 
                  BRANT
               



            . On the 11th of September, Harris sent for me, and asked if I knew anything of Hanisel - I went down to Blackwall, and then I came up again. I foundHanisel in Levy's house, in Ratcliff-highway, and told him he was suspected of stealing Harris's watch; I took him with me - Harris said,
"Where is my watch?" he said,
"You may overhaul me if you like, I have not got it." I searched him. He then said he had sold the watch to Levy - I went and took Levy, who denied the charge; he was brought to the shop; Hanisel said,
"I sold it to you for 8 s." Levy afterwards told me to go to a public-house, in Ratcliff-highway.


                  HANNAH 
                  REDGRAVE
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. On the 10th of September I saw Hanisel come into the shop and go out again; I did not see him take anything. I saw Levy looking in at the window at the time - I am sure of him. Hanisel wentout, and pointed to somebeads in the window - Levy met him at the window when he went out; Hanisel then came into the shop again. Levy then went away; I cannot say where he went to. Hanisel went out again in about half a minute, and the watch was missed. I saw both the prisoners at my master's next day, and told 
               Levy
             I saw him standing at the window when Hanisel was in the shop the first time - he denied it.
Prisoner LEVY. Q. What time was it - A. Between twenty minutes and a quarter past four o'clock.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Harris. About a quarter past four o'clock, Hanisel came in, and asked to look at some beads - I shewed him one row, which did not suit; he went out, and pointed to a particular row in the window, then came in, and I shewed them to him - he said he thought they would do, and he would go and fetch his woman; he did not ask about any watch. I saw nobody at the window. He went away, and in about a minute I missed the watch. I went out, but he was gone; he was brought to the shop next day, about two o'clock - I am certain of his person. Levy was charged with receiving it, and denied it at first; the girl said he was outside the window - he said it was false. Hanisel afterwards shewed me how he took it; he said he put his handkerchief over it, and took it up in it, and took it outside to Levy, who said at last, that he had bought it of him for 30 s.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am a constable, and took Hanisel - he said Levy only gave him 8 s. for it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HANISEL'S Defence. (Through an Intrepreter.) I lodge at Levy's. Brant tied my hands together, and beat me, and I confessed that I took it - distress and hunger drove me to it. He beat me, and made me say I sold it to Levy.


                  HENRY 
                  BRANT
               



            . I did not beat him; he kicked me, and I gave him a smack in the face.
LEVY'S Defence. The prisoner came to me on Tuesday night, in new clothes, and said he had sold his watch for 28 s., in Rosemary-lane. When the officer came, I said I knew the person who bought it of him, and took them to the man, who delivered it up.
HANISEL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Sentence of Death recorded, but not passed
            .
LEVY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 55.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
