





396. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SWEET
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of January
, 29 yards of lace, value 18s., and 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Graham
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  FORD
               



            . I am in the employ of John Graham, a linen-draper
, of High Holborn


. On the 5th of January, about four o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner was in the shop - I believe I had forty customers; I cannot tell whether she came in alone, or not - she came to me for some silk handkerchiefs; I shewed her three different parcels - she did not like any, and sent me back for another parcel; while I was gone she took two silk handkerchiefs, with my mark on them - I saw her put them under her gown into her pocket; when I came back I taxed her with it - she denied it, and asked if I meant to insult her; I jumped over the counter, and she dropped them on the floor, with this piece of lace - these are the two handkerchiefs; here are twenty-nine yards of lace - I had seen a young man on the opposite side shewing her some lace, not five minutes before.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is that young man here? A. No - his name is Elim; there were some people near her: the firm is not Graham and Nixon - it is Mr. John Graham only; she had bargained for one handkerchief with me - she came from the window, and was to have paid 9 1/2d. for it; she did not say she was putting her hand into her pocket to pay me - this could not have fallen by accident.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN EDWARDS
               



            . I took the prisoner - she gave me 22s.; she said she knew nothing of the charge; after we took her to the watch-house, we recollected she lived at the Hat and Tun public-house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
