





308. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of December
, 8 handkerchiefs, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Couchman
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Hodges
               



            .
WILLIAM HODGES. I am in partnership with William Couchman - we are linen-drapers

, and live in Tothill-street


. On the 13th of December I received information from my young man, and missed these handkerchiefs, which I had seen the day before - they have our shopmark on them.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WARD
               



            . I am in the employ of the prosecutors. I was taking down the shutters, at a quarter-past eight o'clock in the morning of the 13th of December - the prisoner came into the shop, and asked if we sold black silk cravats; I said we did not sell till nine o'clock; he said, what should he do, he wanted one directly - I said I would see if I could find one; while I was looking for one, Miss Fielder came down, and asked if she should attend to him while I took down the shutters; I went to take them down; she called me, and said the prisoner wanted some cravats, with crimson borders - I gave her some, and went to take down the remainder of the shutters; another customer came in - I went to the other counter to serve them - Miss Fielder then told me she saw the prisoner take some handkerchiefs and go away; I pursued, and told him I believed he had something which did not belong to him - he came back; I saw him take these handkerchiefs from his hat, and put into the window.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  FIELDER
               



            . I came down, and was serving the prisoner; I was cutting off a handkerchief for him, which came to 5s., when I saw him take his hat off, take some handkerchiefs from the window, and put them into it; he turned round, threw down half-a-crown, and said,"Put the handkerchief by, and I will call again for it;" he went out - I called Ward to pursue him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. If I had been guilty I should not have come back again.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
