





757. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HERRING
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of February
, 1 shawl, value 10s.; 4 dead ducks, value 3s.; 1 bonnet, value 10s., 1 half-sovereign, and 23 shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Steward
               




            .


                  ELLEN 
                  STEWARD
               



            . I am the wife of James Steward - we live in a small stable, in Stratton-mews, Bloomsbury


. On Friday night I was at home - my husband was in the country; a little girl slept with me, and her brother in the same room; I went to bed about eleven o'clock - all was fastened then. I awoke, and saw the window open - it is one story high; there are carts in the yard: I think a person could get up without a ladder. The girl awoke me, saying the window was open, and there was a thief in the room; I looked up, and saw the prisoner in his shirt-sleeves, and his black waistcoat - he blew out the rushlight, took off the counterpane, and covered his face, and ran down stairs - we called Murder! and Thieves! I got up, and went to his place, where his wife lays in; he lives next door to us - we knew him well; he was not there: the shawl and ducks were found behind a cart in the mews, with his jacket.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you speak to the man? A. No, I was afraid. I never accused any body else of it; I know Flood - he slept with the prisoner- I did not accuse him of it, but said he must have puthim up to get into the room. My property was all safe when I went to bed.


                  JAMES 
                  RUTH
               



            . I am thirteen years old, and slept in the room; I was awake, and saw the prisoner come to the drawers - I am certain of him; I knew him before: I called out; Mrs. Steward was awake - he put out the rushlight, which stood on the table, close to the bed. I saw him take the money from the drawers.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you not rather frightened? A. Yes. I did not tell the Magistrate he was the man, but I am sure he is.


                  GEORGE 
                  PRATT
               



            . I am a watchman. At a quarter to two o'clock in the morning, I heard a rattle spring, and ran to the spot; I found this shawl, two pairs of wild fowls, and the prisoner's jacket behind a cart in the mews.


                  ELLEN 
                  STEWARD
               



            . I know this to be the prisoner's jacket - I am certain of it; I saw him with it on when he got his beer for supper.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
