





878. 
               
                  
                     ELLEN 
                     TIMSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of March
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 2d., and 1 watch-key, value 2d., the goods of John 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Richardson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS RICHARDSON
               



            . I am a type-founder
. On the 2d of March I and a friend were walking up Cow-lane, a little after eight o'clock in the evening - the prisoner stopped me, and asked me to give her something to drink; we all went and had a quartern of gin -I did not know her before, but as we were coming out she met another young woman, and asked if we would accompany them home; we all went together to West-street


, where she said she lived - we went into a room up one pair of stairs, where there was a fire; I sat down on a chair by the fire - the prisoner's sister, (as she called her) and my friend left the room, and went into an adjoining room together; I and the prisoner were left alone - they took the light with them, but there was a good fire; the prisoner stirred up the fire, and called the servant to bring a light, which she did - the prisoner took it and put it on the table; I had my hands in my breeches pocket - the prisoner came up to me, took my watch, ran off, and pulled the door too; I ran out, and called Stop thief! my friend came. and I told him of it; she was taken in about twenty minutes, in a shop in Field-lane, but the watch has not been found - I asked her where it was - she said she had left it at that shop for 10s.; the woman said, "No, you have not" - she said, "I have;" a watchman was coming by, and I gave her into custody- she was taken to the watch-house; she there stated. that if I did not appear I should have my watch the next morning - I had not made any bargain with her, she was too much in a hurry to take my watch; I had taken no liberties with her whatever; I have a wife - she was in the country at the time.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MINNS
               



            . I am a letter-founder. I was with the prosecutor when we fell in with these two girls, and treated them; he was quite sober - we all went into the room together; the prisoner's friend and I went into the next room - I did not see the prisoner run out, but I heard him charge her in the street with having robbed him; we found her at the shop - she said she had left the watch there for 10s.; the woman said she had not: I heard her say at the watch-house, that if the prosecutor would not appear, the watch should be returned.
Prisoner. Q. You said, "If you return me the watch, my friend will not appear," and I said, "How can I give you the watch when I have not got it?" A. No, she said she had left it for 10s.


                  GEORGE 
                  CRANE
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner - she had nothing about her; she said something about the watch being given up at the watch-house.
Prisoner's Defence. He was taking very indecent liberties with me; when the girl brought the candle I went out, and he said, "If it is twenty years I will have my revenge on you;" he said he felt me take the watch out of his pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
