





432. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FORD
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 31st of January
, 10 lbs. of lead, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Scott
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain dwelling-house of his, feloniously did cut, with intent to steal
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating to be fixed to a certain building.


                  HENRY 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I keep a grocer's shop
. On the 31st of January, between seven and eight o'clock, in the morning, a boy called me; I went and found the prisoner in the cistern, and the lead cut. I gave him in charge.


                  MARGARET 
                  STILLWELL
               



            . I live in New Exchange-court, Strand


, On the 31st of January, about seven o'clock in the morning, I was dressing to go to work, and heard some one come along the passage, and go into the cellar. I got a light and found the prisoner standing by the water-butt he begged my pardon - said he had made a mistake, and come down stairs being ill; I said, he should have gone to the privy - he went away. I heard the water come in with a strange noise, and found the pipe cut. I went into the next door and said to Scott,
"I hope your pipe is safe, for mine is cut;" and in a few minutes, the prisoner was found in his cistern, cutting the pipe.


                  MARY 
                  WEBB
               



            . I heard that my neighbour's pipe was cut - ran down and found mine torn from the wall, and two holdfasts out. I called my husband - he found the prisoner in the privy; but was not secured.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NETTLEFOLD
               



            . I took him in charge, andfound two holdfasts by the water-butt, the pipe was pulled out at Webb's house, and at No. 2, it was cut.
Prisoner's Defence. I went down with no bad intent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
