






39. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     QUIN
                  , alias 
PIMM





            , & 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WALKER
                  , alias 
                     
JOHN MAYWOOD




            , were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of November
, 2 wooden figures, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lock
                  




               
            .
THOMAS LOCK. I live in Shadwell


, and am a tobacconist
. This figure was taken from my door on the 11th of November, about seven o'clock; I know nothing of the prisoners.


                  MARY 
                  STOREY
               



            . The prisoner Quin sold me a bedwrench some time ago; he wanted 1s., and I offered him 9d. - I had only half a crown; he took it to get change, and never returned. On the night in question I saw a person who I took to be him, with this image on his shoulder, but the night was very foggy; I ran after him, and found my landlord at his door - I desired him to run after him; we ran after him; I called out, "Pimm;" he threw down the figure, and a scuffle took place between him and my landlord; he had the same jacket on as he has now.


                  THOMAS 
                  DRUMMOND
               



            . I keep a hair-dresser's shop, in King David-lane. On the night of the 11th of November Storey came to me; we went after the person - she called out, "Pimm;" he turned round, and looked over his left shoulder - he had this image on his shoulder, and was going to turn into a place called the Gap; I seized the image and him - he pitched the figure on me, and knocked me down; I got up, and he threw me down again, and left me in the dark - I believe Quin to be the person, but I cannot swear to him.
Prisoner QUIN. Q. Have you not known me in the brokering line? A. Yes - you used to work for Mr. Henfrey.
QUIN's Defence. I was at Bethnal-green till eight o'clock that night, and then came down to the Shakespeare Head public-house, when I was taken.
QUIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WALKER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
