






1813. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PARKER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the warehouse of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Newton
                        




                     
                  , on the 15th of August
, and stealing therein 15 glass bottles, value 3s. 9d., and 2 gallons and a half of wine, value 2l., his property
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  HILL
               



            . I am clerk to 
               
                  James 
                  Newton
               



             - his premises are in Harrow-alley, Aldgate High-street


, in the parish of St. Botolph. I went on Sunday morning, the 16th of August, to examine the premises - I found two locks broken and fifteen bottles of wine taken away; we picked up a crow-bar in the warehouse - Mr. Newton is a wine-merchant; I have seen some of the wine since, and have every reason to believe it is Mr. Newton's - one of the bottles has our seal on the cork, and this neck of a bottle has the seal.


                  JAMES 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . On the 16th of August I was in Harrow-alley, about two o'clock in the morning; I went up the yard towards Mr. Newton's cellars, and saw the two prisoners coming out - I went up to them, and said,"What do you do here?" Parker went on - I stopped Turner, and said, "You seem very much loaded, you had better let me help you" - he had, I think, seven bottles about his body and in his coat-pockets; I took twobottles from him - he then pretended to run after the other prisoner; I called Stop thief! and did not lose sight of Turner - he was stopped as he crossed the street; Parker was brought in after I took Turner, and I have no doubt of his being the man that was with him - these are the two bottles I took from Turner; when he was stopped these bottles were broken, down his trousers, and these others were taken from him at the watch-house - I found this phosphorus-box on Parker; Mr. Newton's cellars are about three hundred yards from the street.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where was this? A. In a yard up Harrow-alley, in Aldgate High-street - I have no doubt of Parker; I described his jacket - he was not in my presence half a minute, and I had never seen him before; I should not like to be too positive.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Is there any lamp in the passage? A. Yes, a gas-lamp just over where he was - I am positive I never lost sight of Turner; I was close at his heels - I knew him before.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WHITNEY
               



            . I am a watchman. At two o'clock that morning I heard a cry of Stop thief! I saw Turner run across the road - I ran and knocked him down; I took him up, and found in his breast two bottles, in his waistcoat two more, and in the thigh of his trousers this other bottle, broken - there was no one else running.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. What distance was this? A. About forty yards from Harrow-alley, on the opposite side.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MILLER
               



            . I saw Parker running down Petticoat-lane, about two hundred yards from Harrow-alley, just before two o'clock - I told him to stop, and crossed to meet him: I hit him with a stick - he whipped over the way, put his hand into his bosom, took out a bottle, and hove it at me; I ran and sprang my rattle - he made a stop, and threw another bottle at me; my partner came up and stopped him - a third bottle fell from him and broke; there was red wine in that - I took up the necks of the others, but there are no marks on the corks.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. How do you know it was not red mixture for colouring wine? A. I could smell it was wine - there was a gas-light just over our heads; the neck of that bottle was broken.
JURY. Q. Had you time to notice whether there was any wine in the bottles which he threw away? A. No - it was a very wet night.


                  DANIEL 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . On Sunday morning, the 16th of August, I was on duty, and heard the rattle spring - I ran up and saw Parker running; I laid hold of him - he let a bottle of wine fall, which broke all to pieces.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. It was a very wet night? A. Not then - it was very fine; it had been raining - I have no doubt the other bottle was intended for me, had it not slipped out of his hand before he had the opportunity of throwing it; I found by the smell that it was port-wine - I swear it was not claret.
Turner's Defence. I had been at a public-house, and had occasion to go up this passage - I saw the bottles; I was going to apprize the owner of it - there is some sheep dung up the alley.
Parker's Defence. I work on board some barges, for Mr. Curry, of Russell-buildings - I was going home, up Petticoat-lane, and the first watchman struck me; I certainly had three bottles, but they were not wine - he broke one, and one fell down; I did not run, but was going along, and the other watchman took me.
MR. HILL. I have now opened the bottles - they are port, and we missed bottles of this description.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Had you occasion to inspect the cellar? A. I had been there two or three days before - no bottle is sold out of that cellar; they come to our house for it - I swear it was not sold, because I keep the books; I could see by the saw-dust that some had been taken.
COURT. Q. What was the wine kept there for? A. For stock - we never go there for small quantities; we use it as a warehouse - it is a large cellar or vault; I missed fifteen bottles. TURNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
PARKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
