





200. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  ARTHUR
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, 1 band-box, value 1s.; 4 dresses, value 3l.; 5 night-caps, value 5s.; 1 pair of stays, value 3s.; 2 bonnets, value 1l.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 2s.; 2 collars, value 3s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 3 aprons, value 3s.; 2 night-gowns, value 4s.; 2 petticoats, value 2s., and 1 shawl, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary Ann 
                     Bristow
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN
               



             BRISTOW. I am single
. I lived at Mrs. Maylin's, No. 56, Wigmore-street


, previous to the 24th of November - I went there that day, and packed up a box containing the articles stated in this indictment; I went out, and saw the prisoner in Cavendish-square - I asked him if he would earn 1s. to take a box to my uncle's, at the Bull, in Leadenhall-street; he said Yes, he should be very glad, for he had been looking for a job all day, and could not get one - I told him to go to Mr. Maylin's, ask the servant for Miss Bristow's box, and take it to the Bull, in Leadenhall-street


; I waited for him in Cavendish-square, and his brother waited with me - I waited ten minutes, and then told his brother to go to him, and tell him to bring the box to me at the Bull; I went there, but the prisoner did not come - I have never seen the box nor its contents since; they are all lost - I afterwards found the prisoner at No. 9, Sandford-street, Lissongrove; I asked what he had done with my things - he said he did not know me, nor any thing about the box -I gave him in charge; he afterwards said he gave it to a man at the corner of Bird-street, while he went to look for the lady.
MARH BUSH. I am servant to Mr. Maylin, of Wigmore-street - Miss Bristow lodged there some time. On the 24th of November the prisoner came for her box - he said he had come for a box for the lady who had just left, to take to the Bull, Leadenhall-street; I gave him the box, which I know was full, because it was very heavy; I do not know what was in it - the prisoner said it was of no consequence about its being tied up, as he could put it on his head; I helped it on his head - he said the lady was waiting for him in Cavendish-square.
GEORGE ROGERS. I am a Police-officer. I went with Miss Bristow to Sundford-street, Lisson-grove; I found the prisoner, and asked if he knew any thing about a box he had to take to Leadenhall-street - he said No; I asked him again, and then he said he gave it to a man in the street, while he went to look for the lady, and when he came back, the box and the man were gone.
Prisoner's Defence. She did not say where I was to take it - I left it with a man while I looked for her, and it was gone.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
