





FIFTH DAY. TUESDAY, APRIL 10.
Second London Jury - Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
986. 
               
                  MARY 
                  DUNN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of February
, 1 leghorn bonnet, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas Joseph 
                        Jordan
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  ANN 
                  MARY JORDAN
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Joseph Jordan, a painter
; I keep a bonnet shop in Leadenhall-street


. On the 24th of February the prisoner came in with another person, to purchase a bonnet; I showed them ten or twelve - they then asked for one without a rim; they would not try them on as I wished, and while they were looking at them a bonnet dropped in front of the counter, opposite to where I was; I said, "My good woman you have dropped a bonnet;" the prisoner immediately ran towards the door - I then ran round - the other woman caught hold of me by my clothes, but I ran to catch the prisoner when another bonnet dropped from her clothes when she got to the door, which was open, and she ran up Leadenhall-street.


                  THOMAS 
                  JOSEPH JORDAN
               



            . I was in the back-room, my wife called Stop-thief! I ran out and found the prisoner in the officer's arms, two or three hundred yards from the house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PLAISTOWE
               



            . I am an officer. I stopped the prisoner running fast towards the Exchange, in the middle of the road, about eight o'clock in the evening.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went with another woman - she spoke to the lady as if she knew her - I was not near the counter, and had no bonnet in my possession - whether it fell from the counter I do not know.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
