





1173. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RAMSEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of August
, one shirt, value 3 s.; four handkerchiefs, value 7 s., and one pair of stockings, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Duncan
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  DUNCAN
               



            . I keep a public-house at All Saints, Poplar




. On the 17th of August, about eleven o'clock, the prisoner came in with another man, and had some porter. I went up stairs, leaving them in the tap-room, I heard somebody come up, listened, and heard them go into a room. I went in, and saw the prisoner go behindthe curtains, I pulled him out; he ran down stairs, and ran out, but was brought back in a quarter of an hour. I lost a shirt and a pair of stockings from that room.


                  BARBARA 
                  DUNCAN
               



            . The prisoner was in the house, drinking; my father came down calling Stop thief! I saw the prisoner run out - I ran after him calling Stop thief! I saw Wheeler stop him, and take a shirt, handkerchief, and a pair of stockings from his bosom - they were in the room he went into.


                  JAMES 
                  WHEELER
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the cry, and saw several people running, the prisoner was among them - I stopped him; he drew the shirt and handkerchief from his bosom, and said, if I let him go, he would give me every thing he had.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COLTMAN
               



            . I found two silk handkerchiefs in his pocket, and another in his hat.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
