





801. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMPSON
               




             was indicted for a 


               fraud
            .
MR. BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.


                     WILLIAM 
                     OFFIN
                  




               
            . I am a carrier
, and live at Brentwood,Essex. In 1817, I knew the prisoner as a broker, he was recommended to me, and bought stock for me; two or three times before this transaction. In July 1816, I had 950 l. in the Navy 5 per cents. On the 1st of February, 1817, I saw him in the Rotunda, at that time I had 1,000 l. stock - we had some conversation respecting the price of the stocks, or what they were likely to be, and he advised me to sell out my 1,000 l. in the Navy 5 per cents; and buy in 1,000 l. in Exchequer-bills, as it would be advantageous.
Q. On that day did this transaction take place - A. Yes; he gave me this memorandum of the sale, (read) and paid me 36 l. in money. I had a letter from him on the 1st of June, 1817, which is destroyed; the purport of it was to recommend me to come to town before the 4th of June, saying, the 4th would be a proper time for me to replace the 1,000 l. in the Navy 5 per cents, with the Exchequer-bills he knew I was in possession of. I came to town on the 3d, and saw him in the Rotunda, and asked him to replace this 1,000 l. in the Navy 5 per cents; he said, if I would come again in an hour and a half, it should be done - he asked if I had got the bills, I showed them to him, and said I would give him them when the stock was bought. I returned in an hour or two, and found him in the Rotunda - he immediately told me it was all ready, by which I understood the stock was bought - he again held his hand out for the bills, and said, let us go and do the business. He went with me into the 5 per cents. office, and when I got up to the counter, I thought I was justified in giving him the bills, and did so; it was a 500 l. and four 100 l. bills, and were the very same he had purchased for me before - be took them in his hand, and said, if you will stop here a moment or two, I will return. He was absent about ten minutes, and on his return, he wrote on a piece of paper and gave me, calculating the amount of the bills, and making me a debtor of 92 l. 6 s. 6 d.; then adding his commission, which was 25 s. for buying the 1000 l., and 9 s. for selling the Exchequer-bills. I gave him this draft for 94 l. (looks at it) - it has been paid by my bankers; as he was going out of the office, I said, I beg your pardon Mr. Simpson, but this is not the sort of receipt I have been used to have when I have purchased stock - he said,
"It is all right Mr. Offin, you must be here on the 22d of July, when you will sign the transfer, and receive your dividend" - He turned to the counter, and wrote
"22d of July," and said you will be sure not to forget to be here on that day. I never saw him again till I saw him at the Mansion House. I have never been able to get a dividend.
Cross-examined by. MR. ANDREWS. Q. Had he done much business for you - A. He has sold 1,400 l. for me in the 3 per cents.; he never made but one transfer except this. I was introduced to him by Mr. Harvey, of Brentwood; I have blamed Mr. Harvey for introducing him to me - and showed him the paper on the day after the transaction, and said, I was afraid I should lose my money. Mr. Harvey said, if it was 100,000 l. it would be as safe as the Bank.
Q. Did you not tell him you trusted entirely to Simpson to lay out your money, and you was without a remedy - A. No; I merely asked if he thought it was safe, I never said I employed him to speculate with it.
Q. Was the first transaction you had with him a purchase for the day, or time - A. For the present day, he did not tell me this was a purchase for the opening. I believe the 22d, was opening day.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. You sent a letter for him to come up on the 3d, and purchase Exchequer-bills - A. Yes; I never knew anything of buying for time.


                  JOHN 
                  HATCHETT
               



            . I am a clerk in the Navy 5 per cents. On the 30th of July, 1816, I find 950 l. transferred to 
               
                  William 
                  Offin
               



            , of Brentwood, Essex, carrier, and on the 21st of January, 1817, I find 50 l. more, in all 1000 l. On the 1st of February
, I find the whole was sold for him to 
               
                  William 
                  Harman
               



            , of the Stock Exchange. I find on the 24th of May about 600 l. in his name.
MR. OFFIN. I bought that stock very lately.


                  CHARLES 
                  IRELAND
               



            . I am a parish clerk of St. Bartholomew. The Navy 5 per cents. office is in that parish.
MR. ANDREWS addressed the Jury in behalf of the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
