





1998. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  YATE
               




            S was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of August
, 1 half-crown, 5 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 2 halfpence, the monies of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Meller
                     




                  , from his person
            .

CHARLES MELLER. I belong to the 1st regiment of Grenadier Guards
. On the 26th of August, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was looking at a rowing-match from the Tower-wharf


 - there were a good many people looking at it; I was there from five to ten minutes - my money was loose in my right-hand coat pocket; I had eight shillings, one sixpence, two half-crowns, two halfpence, and one farthing - I had been to a shop in the Minories, and had it in my hand ten minutes before; I was quite sober - I felt some one at my pocket, looked round, and perceived the prisoner take his hand from my coat pocket, and put it towards his own pocket - I laid hold of him by the collar, told him he had picked my pocket, and took him to the guard-room; after I had got him in I called the corporal of the guard, who took him in charge; he began to beg very hard, and offered me any recompense to let him go - he took out 5s., and offered it met to let him go; I then felt in my pocket, and missed one of the half-crowns, a sixpence, and one penny - I asked him if he had not got my half-crown: he said he had, he put his hand into his pocket, and gave it to me: I threw it into the window, and sent for an officer - I told him he had taken more, as I missed five shillings also.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. This took place in a crowd? A. In the year of the crowd - I was not in the crowd, that was near the river; I had no pocket in my trousers, and generally carry silver loose in my coat pocket - he took nine pieces of coin out of my coat pocket - it was all loose; I did not make an alarm in the crowd; I said in the guard-room, that if he produced the whole of my money I should be inclined to let him go - not if he gave me all the money he had.
Q. Did you name any specific sum that you had lost till you found what he had about him? A. Yes - to every body there; I told them he had taken more out of my pocket, before the officer searched him - he had only offered me 7s. 6d then; whether I mentioned the exact sum I lost I cannot be positive - I mentioned the two halfpence before he was searched; when I found he had got one half-crown I put my hand into my pocket, and found I had lost one half-crown and five shillings.
Q. Did you state how much you had lost before you found he had money? A. No, I had no time - he offered me the 5s. as he was going into the guard-room; I had received my pay that morning - I cannot say how much, having money about me belonging to the Company, and I do not always receive alike, as I lay out money for the Company; my full pay was 9s. 10d - I do not suppose I receive more.
Q. How came you to recollect exactly what money you had in your pocket? A. I counted it in a grocer's shop in the Minories, where I laid some out, and took all my money out to get at some halfpence.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            . I belong to the same regiment. and was corporal on the wharf guard that day; there was a rowing-match. About seven o'clock in the evening I was keeping back the crowd, and heard Meller call for the corporal - I immediately turned round, and saw him holding the prisoner by the collar; I went up he said he wished to give him in charge while he got an officer; I assisted in putting him into the guard-room; when he got there Meller asked if he was not ashamed of robbing him - he denied it, and said he would give any sum of money to make it up, and not be given in charge; he took some silver from his right-hand breeches pocket, and offered it to him - I cannot tell how much; Meller asked if he had not got a half-crown which he had taken from him - he immediately said he had; he took one from his breeches pocket, and put it to the other silver, which made 7s. 6d. - he put that into Meller's hand; Meller put it into the guard-room window, and said he should take no fee whatever, but go for an officer; the prisoner several times went down on his knees to beg pardon, and said he was sorry Meller had been robbed, and would give him any sum to let him go - I was not present when the constable came.
Cross-examined. Q. Then it was in the guard-room the money was produced? A. Yes - I did not hear Meller say what he had been robbed of, till the money was produced.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I heard the prisoner ask Meller to say no more about it - to let him go, and he would make it all right; I saw 5s. produced - he wanted him to take that; Meller asked if he had not a half-crown piece of his in his pocket - he said he had, took it out, and added it to the 5s., and when the constable came he found a sixpence and two halfpence on him.
Cross-examined. Q. Were your fellow-soldiers in the guard-room? A. Yes, the corporal was; the prisoner said he was sorry he had robbed him - I am sure of that; he said he had taken the money from him; I did not hear him say he had not robbed him, but would give him the money to let him go: I was anxious to see the rowing-match, and went out once or twice - Clark was present all the time I was there, and I should think must have heard him say he had taken the money - he did not deny it in my presence; when Meller said, "You have taken my half-crown" - he said, "I have," and he said he would make it all right; he said those words before he produced the money.
Q. When did he say he had taken the money from him? A. When the corporal said he had a half-crown of his, he said "I have."


                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for, and took charge of the prisoner - there were five shillings and a half-crown in the window - he had been searched by another person who gave me a sixpence and two halfpence, and said, in his presence, that he had found them on him - the prisoner did not deny it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was surrounded by seven or eight, and what I did say I cannot tell - I was so flurried I did not know what I said, being accused of such a depredation; one or two of them asked me to give them all the money I had, and he would let me go - I pulled out all I had, and said I would give it them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
