





245. 
               
                  
                     SUSAN 
                     LEAKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of January
, two shirts, value 6 s.; three handkerchiefs, value 2 s.; three pair of stockings, value 2 s.; and one collar, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Williamson
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Hall
                     



.


                  CHARLES 
                  HALL
               



            . I am ten years old, and live with my mother, who takes in washing. On the 6th of January, I took a bundle to Mr. Williamson, at the 
               
                  Alfred 
                  Hotel
               



            , Albemarle-street. I got there about eleven o'clock in the morning; he gave me another bundle for my mother. We live in Gainsford-street, Horsley-down. I I met the prisoner in Clare-market


. She said,
"My dear, will you go on an errand for me to the corner, to Mrs. Brown's, my sister." I said I would go for her. She kept on walking with me, and when she got down the street, she met a little girl, and asked her if she had 2 d. to give me to go on the errand. She said she had; and the prisoner said I should have it when I came from her sister's; that I must go up stairs; but I must not carry the bundle, or her sister's husband would think it was some of his clothes, and keep it. She said,
"I will hold your bundle." I said No. She then said,
"Let the boy have his own way, and go with his bundle." I went up two or three stairs of the house; she pointed out, that I was to go to the first landing; she stood outside, as she said she did not want her sister's husband to know she was there. I went up two or three stairs, then the prisoner came behind me, and snatched the bundle away, and said she would hide round the corner. I ran after her, crying Stop thief! and in the market, a gentleman ran and caught the little girl. I am sure the prisoner snatched it from me. She was taken that afternoon. I saw her at the watch-house, and am sure of her.


                  MARY 
                  COOK
               



            . I live in Holles-street, Clare-market. On the 6th of January, I found the prisoner in my privy with a bundle, she was a stranger; I asked how she dare come there; she said, she had sent a boy on an errand, and that was his bundle, we pushed her out, and the mob secured her.


                  JOHN 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I took her in charge, in Cook's passage; and took the bundle out of her hand.



                  JOHN 
                  COOK
               



            . I heard the cry of Stop thief! I saw two girls in our court, and was told one had run into our house. I caught the other girl up one pair of stairs.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . I am servant at the Alfred club, I gave the boy a bundle, containing this property; they are Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Williamson
               



            's.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
