






1272. 
               
                  JOSHUA 
                  WHITE
               




             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of April

, 3 bushels of oats, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Josiah Martin 
                  St. John
               



            ; and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SLEE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            .
JOSIAH MARTIN ST. JOHN. I live at Tottenham



 - the prisoner was my hostler
; Slee lives nearly opposite to me - he keeps pigs and a horse and cart - he sells pork, and is a general dealer - he does not deal in corn or hay; I had missed corn for four months - Brown came and gave me information; White left the same day's without notice; Slee must have known White and Brown to be my servants; Brown occasionally drove my coach.


                  GEORGE 
                  BROWN
               



            . I have known Slee three or four years; before Christmas last he asked me if I could get him any thing that would do for his horse; I asked if he meant hay-bands - he said No; I told him I could not - he did not say what he wanted. White said to me, one day after that, "George, if you can get any corn out, Mr. Slee will take it;" I saw White put a sack of corn on the footboard of the coach, and he said to me, "There is some corn for Slee, you can get Terry to carry it;" there was about three bushels - Terry is a labourer, but not in Mr. St. John's service; Terry came and took it away - this was about six weeks before I gave the information; I saw White, after that corn had been taken, at the Roebuck, public-house, where there is a shoe-club held; he said to me there, that he had got some money, if I liked to take part of it, I might; I owed him 1s. 3d. for my share at the club, and asked him to pay it for me, till master came home - he did so, and I paid him the next day.

Cross-examined by Mr. BARRY. Q. Did you get into trouble before you left your master? A. Not while I was with him - I was in the cage before that; I have had no quarrel with Slee - I owe him three or four shillings - he told my mother he should summons me for it; I was not in the habit of delivering parcels to him, and never saw one delivered; I had not applied to master for a character, but I intended to do so.
Mr. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you ever know of Slee dealing with your master for corn? A. No - I was put in the cage on a charge of stealing money, but the Justice discharged me.


                  JAMES 
                  TERRY
               



            . I am a labourer, and live at Tottenham. George Brown sent his cousin William (a boy) to me, to say he had a parcel to take to Slee's; I went to the yard, and took it to the house - Slee was not at home - it was brought out of Mr. St. John's yard, and put on my back; White was in the yard at the time, looking in at the window, to see that all was right - Mrs. Slee was at home - I put it into the coal-hole; when I came away I saw Slee about three minutes after I left the house; I said, "I have left a parcel at your house;" he said, "It is all right;" this was on a Saturday night, between eight and nine o'clock - it was dark; I then went to the Roebuck, and had a pint of beer, and in a short time, Slee, White, and Brown, came in together; White gave me 21/2d. for my trouble; I do not know whether Slee and Brown saw that; there is a shoe-club held there.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever go by the name of Tush? A. Yes; people gave me that name; I have been at the stables, cleaning them, but never saw any thing wrong done; I am a bricklayer's labourer. -


                  JOSEPH 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I apprehended Slee, and told him he must go before a Magistrate, for receiving three bushels of oats from Mr. St. John's yard; he said, "Good God, is it possible!" I said, Yes; he then asked what he had better do; I said he must know whether he had received them or not; he said he had received no such quantity - that he had received a bushel, and about half a peck, and paid 5s. for them, which he thought the full value; he said to his wife, "I am going to Edmonton about them;" whether he said oats I cannot say.
Mr. ST. JOHN. Three bushels of oats would be worth 12s. 9d. at that time - I never sell corn at all.


                  JAMES 
                  TERRY
               



            . There appeared about three bushels in the sack; the coal-hole was in the shop - I left the sack there; Slee's stable is in the back yard; I do not know what was in the sack, but from the feel of it, I should think it was corn.
SLEE's Defence. These two are most vile characters, and gentlemen can prove it. I was not at home, and did not know White, nor where he lived, at all; Brown is a most base character; he told the Magistrate that White gave the oats - there was a bushel, and about half a peck; I told White, myself, I thought them very dear - but as they were left I did not send them back. I told my wife never to take in a parcel again. Brown owed me 3s. 9d. I asked him for it - he said he would send some oats, and that would make all right. Terry was in the cage last week.


                  JAMES 
                  TERRY
               



            . I was put into the cage for being drunk three or four times - it was always for that. I had not drank with Brown - I was never accused of any other crime. I was brought up at Tottenham, but was in the army eleven years.


                  GEORGE 
                  BROWN
               



            . I never offered to pay Slee with oats; he asked me to send a few oats, and that would outset us - that was since these were sent.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a broker, and live on my own freehold at Tottenham. I know Brown, and would not believe him on his oath.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Have you ever heard him examined on his oath? A. No. I have known him from his childhood. I never told Mr. St. John my opinion of him.
COURT. Q. What induces you to say you would not believe him? A. He lived with a brewer, and received money; there was a warrant against him, and he absconded - he was taken and put into the cage - he was discharged; this and other circumstances make me say so.
Slee received a very good character.
WHITE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SLEE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Confined Six Months
            .
