





1461. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of June
, 240 penny-pieces, and 84 halfpence
            , the monies of 
               
                  John Young 
                  Rand
               




             and another.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DENLEY
               



            . I am in the service of John Young Rand - he is a brewer
, and has a partner. On the 2d of June I was with my dray in Whitechapel-road; I had received a great deal of money; there was 2l. odd in copper in the dray-box - I lost 1l. 3s. 6d., which I had received for my master's beer, but I am accountable for it. I left the dray for about three minutes - I had not seen the prisoner near the dray, till the officer had him; the box was locked, and I had the key in my pocket; when I came back the box was unlocked - it was about a quarter before eight o'clock in the evening; the officer had this bag, with the copper in it.


                  JOHN 
                  SHIELDS
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the dray in Whitechapel, and Butler had the prisoner in custody - I took charge of him, the bag, and copper; he was close to the dray; here is 5s. worth of penny-pieces, and 4s. 2d. in halfpence, but this is not all that was lost.


                  JAMES 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I was passing, and saw the prisoner go up to the dray, and take out this bag, with the money- he ran across the road, into a pawnbroker's passage; I pursued, and took him - the box was not locked then; the lock was hanging on the catch, but it was quite open- there was no time to unlock it.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to the pawnbroker's to look for my mother; a boy threw this bag in, and the man came and took hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 11.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
