





525. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  MURPHY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of January
, 4 half-crowns, 3 shillings, and 2 sixpences, the monies of 
                     
                        William Tricker 
                        Baker
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM TRICKER BAKER. I am a music collector
, and live in Davied-court, Monmouth-street. On the 25th of January, about twenty minutes after twelve o'clock at night, I was opposite Mr. Stap's, a cheesemonger's shop on Holborn-bridge


; I had four half-crowns, three shillings, and two sixpences loose in my right hand breeches pocket; I saw the prisoner, who was quite a stranger, coming from Fleet-market - I did not speak to her; she caught me round the waist, and said, "My love;" I had not noticed her till then - I could not shake her off; she pushed me against Mr. Staps' shop-door; I told her to go along - she still kept hold of me for I suppose three minutes; I did all I could to get rid of her, but kept my hands in my pockets; she put her hand down, and laid hold of me indecently, and as soon as I drew one hand out to remove hers, she thrust my hand against the door, and put her own into my pocket, and got my money out; I perceived it was gone, and pursued her; she was taken immediately, and my money found on her. I am servant to Mr. Morees, the violin player, and had been assisting him at a party that night; I was perfectly sober, and was going straight home; I had taken no liberties with her.


                  PATRICK 
                  CARTY
               



            . I am a watchman. I was calling twelve o'clock in Skinner-street; the watch was called - I went up, and saw the prosecutor and prisoner together; he charged her with having robbed him of better than 14s.; she said nothing to the charge; I took her to the watch-house, and the inspector found four half-crowns, three shillings, and two sixpences on her. Baker described the money as being in those coins.


                  GEORGE 
                  GODFREY
               



            . I am inspector of the watch; the prisoner was brought in; Baker said he had lost four half-crowns, three shillings, and two sixpences; I asked what money she had about her; she hesitated, and at last said she had 9s.; I asked her to produce it - she took from her bosom one half-crown, three shillings, and two sixpences, and 5d. from her pocket; I desired her to loosen her clothes, which she did; I shook them, and three half-crowns fell from them; I found no more on her; she said,"Recollect, I told you at first I did not know how much I had about me;" she had said so at first.
Prisoner's Defence. He met me, and took me up a turning, and gave me this money, not knowing what it was; I said I would sooner go home with him than go up there; I said, "You go up the turning, and I will follow you;" but I ran away, and he accused me of the robbery.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
