





432. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DILLON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of January
, 1 saddle, value 20s., and 1 pair of mud-boots, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Nicholas 
                  McCann
               




            .


                  NICHOLAS 
                  McCANN
               



            . I am a surgeon
. On the 9th of January I went to see a patient, in Frederick-street, Westminster


; a boy had followed, and asked to hold my horse a few minutes; I said Yes; he wore a light short jacket, a seal skin cap, and was about the height of the prisoner, but I cannot say that it was him - the saddle and mud-boots were on the horse when I went in, and the leathers were fastened to the saddle; I came out in about ten minutes, and missed the horse - I found him on the right side of the road, but the saddle, boots, and boy were gone- it was between four and five o'clock.


                  WILLIAM 
                  IVIMEY
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on Tuesday evening, the 13th of January, in a house in New Tothill-street; I found nothing on him - he denied the robbery.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CONNER
               



            . On Friday, the 9th of January, I met the prisoner, with a saddle and mud-boots on his head, about five o'clock in the afternoon, in Duck-lane, Westminster; I asked him where he got them; he said from a gentleman's horse in Regent-street - he wanted to leave it at Mrs. Palmer's, but she would not let him, and he took it away.
Prisoner. Q. Have you ever been in trouble? A. Never; I was never here, or under any charge - I am a cutler; the prisoner asked me to give him a night's lodgings, which I did.


                  MARY 
                  ANN McCASKER
               



            . I am the patient the prosecutor came to visit. I saw this boy in the afternoon, between three and four o'clock, and took particular notice of him; I saw him about four o'clock, as near as I can recollect, and I am quite sure he is the boy who took the prosecutor's horse - he crossed the road, and took it; I am certain of him - it was not dark.
Prisoner's Defence. Conner enticed me away from my place, and then wanted me to go out with him thieving; he said he did not want me to touch any thing, but to go with him - I am innocent of the crime; I have sent for the woman where he says I wanted to leave the saddle, but she has not come.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
