





679. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BOLTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, 1375 brushes, value 68l.; 400 brushboards, value 30s.; 400 brush-veneers, value 12l.; 80lbs. of bristles, value 20l; and 21 tooth-brush stocks, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William Bracey 
                     Kent
                  




               
            , his master.


                  GEORGE 
                  NICKIN HICKMAN
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  William 
                  Bracy Kent
               



            , brush-maker
, of Great Marlborough-street. The prisoner was in his service, and used to fetch the work to finish at his own house; he only took them when they were in a certain state of preparation; we received information, and went to his house, No. 18, Great Smith-street, Westminster


, one Monday in this month, but I do not recollect the date; I went into the workshop, and found a large number of veneers - veneers are sometimes delivered to him from time to time with the brushes, but no more than he has occasion for; we then looked into a loft over the workshop, and found as many as twelve gross more of veneers; I remained in the workshop - the officer and Mr. Kent went up stairs to a room on the second floor; they then called me up, and pointed out a large number of brushes which had been found; I went with an officer to the back kitchen, and opened the drawers, in every drawer but one there were brushes, some in a finished and some in and unfinished state - we removed the drawers and found a quantity behind them thrown down indiscriminately - and among some candlesticks in the cupboard we found some more brushes; and on the landing near the garret we found a box filled with veneers; then a second box filled with veneers, which we brought away; I did not find any veneers different to those he would have delivered to him to work upon; but it is utterly impossible that he should have had forty gross of veneers delivered to him more than he had brushes - they are for the backs of brushes; we have missed a large quantity at different times, and particularly of one sort, of which we found a great number at the prisoner's; we took stock about eighteen months ago, and then had a considerable quantity of black veneers, of which we lost a great many afterwards.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Is Mr. Kent here? A. No; he was before the Magistrate, but was not asked any questions; some of these were in a cupboard - some pieces of paper, pieces of string, candlesticks, and other things, were before them - there were shelves in the cupboard; we found brushes in nearly every drawer, and things upon them - many of the brushes we found in his house were not in a state in which he ought to have received them, or to have returned them - they were what we call French polished, and that is done by another man after him; he has a workshop and materials there - I believe journeymen do work for themselves; I have known a man take work from two masters.
COURT. Q. Does your master ever give out 1375 to work at one time? A. No; I should think the extreme number that is ever delivered out to one man is two gross; we have missed a great deal of property.


                  HENRY 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I received four boards to draw froma person who was to do them for the prisoner; I knew them to be Mr. Kent's property - I took them to Mr. Kent, and he got a warrant.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you leave Mr. Kent? A. Yes; I left him of my own accord - I have worked for him; a person of the name of Church entrusted me with 30s. worth of brushes, and they were lost by my lad; I told Mr. Church of it, and he said he was very sorry, and would give me work to work it out; I never sold them to any person in Fleet-market.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I went and searched the prisoner's house on Monday the 9th of February - we found the prisoner in the kitchen, and took some hair from there - we then went to the second floor, saw a closet on the left hand, which I requested him to open; he hesitated a good deal - but when I said I should break it open, he took the key from his pocket and unlocked it; he said there was no property there belonging to Mr. Kent, and repeated it - I saw it was an immense large cupboard, and there were a great number of packages; I took some out - some of them contained twelve, and some six brushes; Mr. Kent observed some writing on the papers, and said, "This is my property, and the writing I know;" the prisoner said it was his own writing - that the brushes were his own making for an East India order, and the whole of the stamps were his own stamp; I believe I took about five hundred packages out of that closet; the greater part were identified by Mr. Kent and Hickman; I then went into the kitchen, and saw the property found in the bureau, and under a sofa-bedstead I found a box of hair which Mr. Kent identified.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Schofield when the search was made - what he has stated is correct, I produce twenty-one ivory handles, which I found in one of the drawers in a middle room - only a part of the property is here; there were a great many things - a van load full.
MR. HICKMAN. I could not identify these handles, but I know some of these brushes, they have Mr. Kent's name on them - I have no doubt they are his; some of them had French polish on them.
Cross-examined. Q. Is not this one quite finished, and in a fit state for sale? A. Yes; Mr. Kent sells a great many; I cannot swear that he has not sold this one; here are some unfinished, which I can positively swear were never sold in that state; they ought to have been returned by him to Mr. Kent - these might have been delivered to him.


                  HENRY 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . These ivory handles were not delivered to the prisoner - it was a suggestion of Mr. Kent's to have six brushes to one handle - other manufacturers might have had such; this one brush has my writing on it - it was for an Irish order, and we had to make some others to complete the order; I will undertake to swear that these were never delivered to the prisoner; I was the borer of them, and this has my writing on it.
MR. HICKMAN. These brush-boards were never delivered to the prisoner for any purpose whatever; there are persons who make them on their own account, but it is not the prisoner's trade.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know the reason why Mr. Kent is not here? A. He is unwell - he has sent his books here, because he wished the prisoner to have every assistance in his power - I do not know that the prisoner is charged with stealing any super satin brushes - are two horse brushes which were never delivered to him, they are out of his line; the prisoner stated they were all his own, and that he made the patterns himself, and they were bored by a man named Griffiths.
MR. CHURCHILL called -
MR. CHURCH. I employed Roberts six or eight months ago; I have had an opportunity of forming an opinion of his character; I would not believe him upon his oath.
COURT. Q. Why? A. Because he has sold my property and never returned me the money for it; he worked for me, and said he could sell brushes, and I let him have 30s. or 2l. worth, which he sold, and brought the money; I afterwards let him have 4l. worth, he sent me 15s. by his son, and the rest he said his son had lost - that was in June; I did not prefer a hill against him on account of his family, and it is a great deal of trouble and expense.
MR. CLARK. I am a brush boarder. These boards are nothing mysterious - I can observe nothing particular at all in them except bad workmanship; I do not think any man can swear to them without a private mark on them - I have been in business three years - we cannot distinguish one man's work from another except they are marked - I have known the prisoner about four months - it is not an unusual thing for a brush-maker to make an entire brush on his own account; I should not have been surprised to have found such boards at any brush-maker's shop; it is not uncommon for a journeyman to work for two masters.
COURT. Q. Do you know what part of the trade the prisoner's business is? A. I have understood he is a brush inlayer and finisher - there is no hair in these boards; it is not common for a journeyman to have near fourteen hundred brushes, or to keep them in cupboards or drawers; that is not the way I do.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been employed by Mr. Kent about fourteen years; I worked for him for the first four years, and was than discharged for about six months; Mr. Kent sent for me again, and I have worked upwards of nine years for him; about four years ago I was employed by Mr. Barnes for an order for the East ladies for 100l.; Mr. Hutchinson and Mr. Leigh saw the brushes when they were manufactured; I have since then worked for Mr. Robinson, of Burton; I manufactured brushes out of my old stock, and a great many new ones I bought of Mr. Kent; I had a large stock in hand, and did expect that in a short time I should have started for myself and got rid of it: in the meantime I had been particularly careful in making up accounts at the ware-house; the work was delivered to me before three or four witnesses - I never had an opportunity of purloining one single brush, and every Saturday night or every fortnight I made a clearance of the books; there was not one out against me; I have sent in brushes of my own to make up Mr. Kent's number; I am capable of making brushes of any sort: Griffiths has been in my employ; I invented a machine which he bored with - it was impossible for any one to purloin a single brush out of the prosecutor's premises; I was only admitted there once a week.
JURY to 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  NICKEN HICKMAN
               



            . Q. Did the prisoner come backwards and forwards to the warehouse forwork? A. Yes, once or twice a week, and used to take it away in his bag.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 58.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
