





298. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PETLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               wilful and corrupt perjury on the trial of 
                     
                        Eliza 
                        Dillon, alias Horgan
                     



                  , at the delivery of the goal (of Our Lord the King) of Newgate


, on the 27th of October
 last
            .
For the Prosecution, MR. ARABIN.
The record of the Conviction of Dillon was produced.


                  HENRY 
                  BUCKLER
               



            . I am short-hand-writer to the Court, and took notes of the trial of Dillon. When his Lordship had nearly, or quite, summed up the evidence to the Jury, the defendant presented himself as a witness on behalf of the then prisoner - her Counsel had left the Court. I took down in short-hand what he said - (reads).
Q. What are you - A. an independent man, and live at Wander, in Derbyshire. Q. Do you live on your fortune there - A. Yes. Q. Are you a housekeeper - A. I am not. Q. Whom do you live with - A. I lodge with a person of the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Frost
               



            , who is a farmer. Q. In the town of Wander - A. Yes. Q. How long have you lodged with him - A. At different times for several years. Q. Have you a constant residence there - A. When I am in the country, but I am frequently in London. Q. What is your business in London - A. Nothing particular. Q. What brings you to London - A. My own pleasure. Q. How long do you stay - A. Sometimes longer and sometimes shorter. Q. Where do you live in London - A. At the British coffee-house, Castle-court, Strand. Q. What do you know of this - A. I have known the prisoner a length of time - for two years. Q. Where did she live - A. In Compton-street when I first knew her. Q. Where lately - A. In Pitt's-place. I visited her there, and have been in her company when I have had serious sums of money, and never lost any; and on the night of the 2d of September, or rather on the morning of the 3d, between two and three o'clock, in the morning, I was in her company. Q. Where - A. In the neighbourhood of Smithfield. Q. Where did you join her - A. In Fleet-market - I met her. Q. What time did you meet her - A. Between two and three o'clock. Q. Where did you go to - A. We walked up Cow-lane to Smithfield. Q. Where did you leave her - A. In fact I did not leave her - I did not go into the public-house with her. Q. Where did you leave her - A. At the top of Cow-lane; in fact she left me, for a dirty sort of a woman came up to her, and I declined going into the public-house with her. Q. Perhaps you would know the woman if you saw her - A. Yes. Q. Perhaps you had seen her living at the same house - A. No.
(The witness, 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Eagleton
               



            , was here ordered to stand up).
Q. Is that the woman you mean - A. Yes, but she was much dirtier than she is now, and was very tipsy - verydrunk. Q. Did you remonstrate with the prisoner for joining company with her - A. I did. Q. Where did you go - A. I waited outside the house. She came out to me. Q. Did she come out to you - A. She did, and I walked up Holborn with her. Q. Then she was not in company with any one - A. Not except myself and the woman. Q. Then you walked away with her - A. Yes. Q. Perhaps you was the person who went into the wine vaults with her - A. No. Q. Where was the woman afterwards - A. She joined us in Holborn. Q. What! were you wandering about all night with her - A. Yes. Q. Did you see Mr. Browning - A. I did not. Q. Did you see Warberton - A. I did not. Q. Look at them both - (he did so) - A. I did not see them. Q. How long did the woman remain in the public-house before she joined you again - A. Not more than ten minutes. Q. And excepting the time she was in the public-house you was always in her company - A. I was always in her company. Q. Until what time - A. Till near seven o'clock. Q. Then she could not have been with Browning or Warberton - A. Not without my seeing them. Q. Did you see them - A. I did not. Q. Then you mean to swear that this woman was not in company with Browning or Warberton after she came out of the public-house - A. I do. Q. Here are three witnesses who have positively sworn it, I put you on your guard, where did you go with her all this time - A. Walked in different parts of the street. Q. Then you were walking with her from three o'clock until seven - A. Yes. Q. You did not go into any house - A. No. Q. What time did the drunken woman join you again - A. I should think between six and seven o'clock. Q. Had the prisoner any notes with her - A. She asked me for some money when I first saw her, going up Cow-lane. Q Were you drunk or sober at that time - A. Sober. Q. What money had you about you at that time - A. Probably 10 l. Q. Don't tell me probably, do you mean to say you had 10 l. - A. Yes. Q. How was it - A. In separate notes, Bank and country notes. That day I received three Cambridge 1 l. Bank notes from the person where I lodge. Q. Of whom - A. Of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Holder
               



            , who keeps the British coffee-house. Q. What did you receive of him - A. Three Cambridge and three Bank notes. Q. Which Cambridge bank - A. Mortlock's notes. Q. What did you receive them of him for - A. In change for a 10 l. Bank of England. Q. What time did you get this change - A. On the morning of the 2d of September. Q. He is here, is he not - A. I do not know. Q. Where did you sleep last night - A. At his house. Q. You knew what you were coming here for - A. Yes. Q. Did you desire him to come here - A. I did not. Q. What other change had you for the 10 l. note - A. I paid him his bill, which was nearly 4 l. Q. How was the rest made up - A. Three 1 l. Bank notes, and three Cambridge notes. Q. What did you give the prisoner - A. She asked me for some money, and I gave her a 1 l. note. Q. What was that - A. A Cambridge note. Q. And only one - A. Only one. She then told me she owed a small sum, and that was not sufficient, and I gave her another 1 l. note, which was a Bank of England note. Q. She had no money about her at that time - A. She said she had none. Q. When you left her at six o'clock in the morning, so far as you learnt from her, she had only these two notes, which you gave her - A. She had not. Q. Have you been here, and heard the whole evidence - A. I have not. Q. When did you come in - A. When you was reading the evidence over. Q. What became of you afterwards? Have you been at the British coffee-house ever since - A. Yes. Q. Have you retired from business - A. I have. Q. What were you - A. A grocer. Q. Where - A. In Nottingham. Q. How long were you in trade - A. I did not set up in trade - I was an apprentice. Q. You did not get your fortune by being an apprentice - A. I had a fortune left me by my uncle. Q. What was your uncle's name - A. Williams. Q. You have lived on that fortune ever since - A. I have. Q. What age are you - A. Twenty-six. Q. Were you at the Bank in Lothbury - A. I was not. Q. Did you go to the Bank with the prisoner, and purchase stock - A. I did not. Q. Did she ever shew you the Bank receipt for the stock - A. She did not. Q. How often have you been to see her since the 3d of September - A. I have not been since. Q. How came you here - A. I heard of this business. Q. Did you not hear of it till after she was committed - A. I did not.
(He was then Cross-examined by MR. BALLENTINE.)
Q. What public-house did you go to with her - A. I went to none. Q. What public-house did she go to - A. The corner of Cow-lane. Q. Do you know the sign - A. I do not. It is the corner of Cow-lane and Smithfield. Q. Are there any ladies kept at this coffee-house - A. There are not. Q. What sort of a coffee-house is it - A. Very respectable. Q. Ladies visit it well as gentleman - A. I never saw any. Q. On your oath is it not a brothel - A. It is not.


                  HENRY 
                  BROWNING
               



            . I am a horse-dealer, and live at Burnwell, near Cambridge. On the 2d of September I was in London, and went to Smithfield the night before the fair, with a Mr. Warberton and Captain O'Conner; we we went into a public-house at the corner of Cow-lane between three and four o'clock on the morning of the 3d of September - O'Connor is gone to France. When we went into the house Dillon was standing up before the counter in the taproom; I saw Eagleton sitting in the same room behind her. I had 203 l. 1 s. in notes in a canvass purse in my left hand breeches-pocket. We staid in the house about ten or fifteen minutes, and all three came out together.
Q. Previous to your going out had Dillon and you any conversation - A. She asked me for something to drink; I observed by her brogue that she was Irish, and referred her to Captain O'Connor, as her countryman - he has but one arm. He treated her - I was perfectly sober. We all three came out together, left Dillon in the house, and had got about thirty yards down Cow-lane, towards Fleet-market - I was outside of the three, about thirty yards from the door. Dillon came up, put her hand on me, and asked me to go with her? in the manner a woman of the town would.
Q. How long had you been walking that thirty yards - As fast as we could, we did not stop; I refused to go, but she windled about me, and I stepped into a court on the right hand side of the lane. I talked to her; she returned with me, and walked down Cow-lane to Holborn Bridge with me. I there met a person whom I knew, and as soon as I stopped to speak to him she left, withoutspeaking, and I saw no more of her. Before I got to the White Horse, public-house, Fetter-lane, I discovered that all my notes and bag were gone. I did not see her afterwards until she was in the watch-house on the 15th or 16th of the same month; the notes were traced to Messrs. Jones and Loyd's. 200 l. was of Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Mortlock
               



            's, Schrine, and Co., and two were of Mortlock's and Sons, and a one guinea Newmarket note.
Q. What time did you part with her - A. I think it must be after four o'clock.
COURT. Q. How many notes were there in all - A. Thirty-three - they formed a considerable bundle.
Q. From the time she joined you until you parted with her, could any man have been in her company - A. He could not. I never saw the defendant in my life - it is impossible he could have been with her.


                  HANNAH 
                  EAGLETON
               



            . I was examined in October on Dillon's trial - I lived at No. 4, Pitt's-place, with her. On the night of the 2d of September I was at the top of Cow-lane with her in a public-house; one door opens into Cow-lane, and the other into Smithfield. We were there a good bit before Mr. Browning came in with Mr. Warberton and a gentleman with one arm. They did not stay many minutes before Dillon asked Browning for something to drink; he refused, and referred her to her countryman, the gentleman with one arm. Browning and his two friends left the house, she went out directly after them, and I followed her directly - she was talking to them; then Mr. Browning and she went down the first turning - she told me to stop there until they came out.
Q. Was the defendant there - A. No; I never saw him till I saw him at Guildhall.
Q. Are you sure he had not joined her company at that time - A. He had not. I was with her in her house all day, and remained with her until nine o'clock in the morning.
Q. From the time she came out of the turning, down to nine o'clock in the morning, was that man ever near you, or in sight - A. Never, that I am quite sure of. I did not leave her a single moment till nine o'clock in the morning. When Mr. Browning and she came out of the court they went on to the bottom, towards Fleet-market together. A gentleman began to talk to him, and she came back to me, shewed me the purse, said she had picked his pocket of a bag, and told me to run, for we should both be hung if we were caught - the bag had a string to it. We ran through a number of courts and places till past six o'clock, then went into Frith's, and got something to drink.
Q. Did you see what was in the bag - A. She threw the bag away in Shoe-lane, and kept the notes; it was a large roll of notes. She paid Mr. Frith 9 s. or 10 s. which she owed him, with a Cambridge 1 l. note. She shewed me a Newmarket guinea note. I went to another public-house with her, and never quitted her a moment till nine o'clock. The prisoner was never in her company.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Do you know a man named Duggan - A. I have seen him drinking with her.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FRITH
               



            . I keep a wine-vaults at the corner of Middle-row, Holborn. On the morning of the 3d of September, about seven o'clock, Eagleton and Dillon came in - Dillon paid me 11 s. or 12 s. with a Cambridge 1 l. note, Mortlock and Sons' bank. They had a little gin and milk to drink, and went out. I observed a similar note in her hand, and a roll of notes closely folded up; they appeared to be country notes from their texture. The defendant was not with her - there was a shorter stouter man with them; it was a very different man altogether from him.


                  HANNAH 
                  EAGLETON
               



             re-examined. That man joined us about five o'clock.
MR. BARRY addressed the Jury on behalf of the defendant - he stated that he could not ask a verdict of acquittal at their hands, but the best thing he could do would be to apply to the mercy of the Court, as he was informed the defendant had been made the dupe of a man named Duggan, whom Eagleton had said, on her cross-examination, she had seen with Dillon. He would deliver in a statement, written by the defendant himself, and leave him to the mercy of the Court - (read).
"My Lord, and Gentlemen of the Jury, I beg leave to state that my father has carried on an extensive business in the town of Derby, for upwards of forty years, as malt-ster, miller, and grocer, and in his service I continued till he unfortunately became a bankrupt, by becoming security for a friend, and I was consequently obliged to leave Derby in pursuit of a situation. I came up to London, took lodgings at Mr. Corderoy's, in the Strand, and was there for months, until the little money I had was spent, and I was in debt upwards of 5 l. for my lodgings. My landlord became very importunate for his rent, and told me I must either pay or leave, and detained my clothes for his demand. I had now been in London nine months, without being able to get a situation, having been necessitated to pledge my watch, to draw on my existence at one meal per day, and was in great distress. One morning, as I was taking breakfast at a coffee-shop, I became acquainted with one Alder, and making known my situation to him, he offered me a lodging at his house; but humble indeed, as it was, a bed of straw, even this was preferable to the treatment of my own lodging, and which I thankfully accepted. I had been here but a short time before I became a dupe to my landlord and his friends, two of which, viz. Connell and Connor, came to his house in Castle-court, Strand. One day in September he stated that a woman, a tenant of Duggans's, was accused of a robbery of which she was innocent, and that he was afraid she would be found guilty, owing to a gentleman (Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Petlay
               



            ,) being abroad, in whose company she was at the time the robbery was committed. Connel said if Petlay had been in town he could have proved an alibi very clearly, and that it would be a very grievous thing for the woman to be convicted innocently. In farther conversation, they said this Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Petlay
               



             was a country gentleman, and very like myself, so much so, that on their first seeing me they thought I had been the very person. Soon after, they invited myself, and Alder my landlord, to drink with them at their friend's house (Mr. Roach) who keeps the Black Horse, public-house, in Wild-street. We met them several times; the conversation always turned on this woman - they said she was innocent, and that there would not be the least harm in any one personating the said Mr. Petlay, which would be the only means of saving her from being transported. They all agreed that I wasthe only person to do it, as I was so very like Mr. Petlay, and that they, Duggan and Connell, were to come forward, and substantiate what I had stated, but they took care not to appear. All the parties were entire strangers to me before the present transaction. Being totally unacquainted with the nature of Courts of Law, and its being a crime of such magnitude, and from what they said, believing the woman to be innocent, I agreed to personate Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Petlay
               



             at their solicitations, partly as a return for my landlord's kindness in supplying me with food and lodging, and from their promising to get me a good situation. I beg to state, that my name is 
               
                  Francis 
                  Robotham
               



            , and that I have supported an industrious, honest character up to the present time. I am now very conscious of the crime I have committed, for which I have already suffered three months imprisonment in a dreary prison. I now throw myself wholly on the mercy of the Court, and this being the first time I ever offended against the laws of my country, I hope and trust the Court will award a lenient punishment."


                  ISAAC 
                  PARSEY
               



            . I live in Sydney's-alley, Leicester-square, and am a dealer in thread lace. I have known the defendant four or five years - his real name is 
               
                  Francis 
                  Robotham
               



            ; he came to town in search of a situation - he told me he lived at No. 349, Strand, I saw him there.
MR. ARABIN. Q. Not at the British Coffee-house - A. No. I have lent him money.
COURT. Q. If he had told you he meant to come home, and swear he was independent, and lived at the British Coffee-house, you would have told him not to come - A. Certainly.


                  ELIZA 
                  READ
               



            . I live in Leicester-square. I know the prisoner, he was in distress - I have relieved him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Confined One Year
            , to 



               stand in the Pillory for One Hour
            , and then to be 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
