






1082. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     JACOBS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ASBURY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of June
, two silver watch cases, value 3 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Andrews
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Faulkner
                        



.


                  HENRY 
                  FAULKNER
               



            . I am errand boy
 to Mr. Andrews, who is a watch-case finisher
. On the 22d of June I had two silver watch-cases in a bag, between twelve and one o'clock, Jacobs came up, and asked which was Clerkenwell-green - I told him, he said,
"Come and shew us." He gave me a little broken whip, and asked me where I was going - I said, to Mr. Stodhart's, No. 61, Red Lion-street. He then asked what I had got in my bag, which hung over my shoulder. I told him I was going there with two silver watch-cases. He followed me up Bishop's-court, and I went straight to Red Lion-street. I knew him before, he went to school with me. Asbury came up to me in Red Lion-street


, and said he was come for those two watch-cases of Mr. Stodhart's - he came as if from that house, and I gave them to him. Jacobs had left me in Bishop's-court; I had not seen them speak together. I looked back and saw Asbury running past Mr. Stodhart's house as hard as he could tear. I was frightened, and went home to my master, but did not like to tell him. I went and dined at my mother's, then returned, and told him. I saw the prisoners together that afternoon, about four o'clock, in King-street, Goswell-street, standing under a gateway, I ran by them to St. John's-square, where I was going, and as I returned I saw a whole parcel of them on Clerkenwell-green. I described them to my master.


                  JOHN 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . On the 22d of June I delivered Faulkner one gold and two silver watch-cases, the silver ones were for Mr. Stodhart - he informed me he had lost them, and gave me the same account he has now. I apprehended Jacobs myself, Asbury was with him at the time, but I was not certain of him; he answered the description the boy gave, but a boy was with me who knew Jacobs.


                  JAMES 
                  BANKS
               



            . I live with Mr. Perry, in Upper Ashby-street.I saw Jacobs go up to Faulkner, put his arm round his neck, give him a little whip, follow him into Bishop's-court, and there left him. Asbury and the other lad then ran on to Red Lion-street; Jacobs walked slowly behind. I saw no more.


                  JAMES 
                  ASBURY
               



            'S Defence. This lad asked the way to Clerkenwell-green, and I directed him.
JACOBS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
ASBURY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Life
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
