





491. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               like offence
            .


                     JAMES 
                     CLEMENT
                  




               
            . I am a cheesemonger
, and live in Picket-street, Temple-bar


. On Wednesday, the 9th of February
, the prisoner came and bought 1 lb. of butter. My wife served him. He tendered a 1 l. note. I heard her ask him whose note it was. He said he came from
"Mr. Walters, No. 114, Chancery-lane." She marked it in my presence, and I afterwards put my initials on it - (looks at one) - this is it. She gave him the change. The note was afterwards returned to me. I found Mr. Walters had not lived there some time.
Cross-examined by MR. BROADRICK. Q. You found there had been such a person there - A. Yes.


                  SARAH 
                  CLEMENT
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. I remember a person coming and paying me this note. I asked him whose note it was. He said
"Mr. Walter's, No. 114, Chancery-lane," which I wrote on it, and gave him change - (looks at one) - this is it. I cannot speak positively to his person.


                  DAVID 
                  WALTERS
               



            . I lived at No. 114, Chancery-lane, and moved on the 24th of December last to Ship-yard, Temple-bar. I dealt with Clements, but did not send the prisoner there. He is a perfect stranger.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PLANK
               



            . I live at No. 114, Chancery-lane, and have done so sixteen years. Mr. Walters lived there up tothe 24th of December. I know nothing of the prisoner, and sent nobody to Clement's shop.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden. On the 16th of February, I saw the prisoner at Hatton-wall with two others, named Fan and Young. Fan got into a a one-horse chaise. The prisoner and Young, were on foot till they got into Holborn - they then got into the chaise. My brother was with me. I took a chariot, followed them to Hyde Park-corner, stopped them there, and searched them. On 
               Young
             I found four 1 l. forged notes, and two guineas, in silver - these are the notes. On the prisoner I found 8 s. in silver, but no notes. I told them I had information that they were going to Windsor to pass forged notes. Young said he did not know they were bad.


                  EDWARD 
                  READ
               



            . I was with my brother. I searched Fan, and found two forged notes in a tin-case in his side pocket. He said he took them of a horse-dealer in Smithfield-market.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLOVER
               



            . All these notes are forged in every respect, and the whole seven are off one plate.


                  EDWARD 
                  STAPLE
               



            . I am a signing-clerk. Three of the notes bear my name, but are not my writing.
Prisoner's Defence. I was taken to Hatton-garden, and about one hundred people came to look at me, but no person could identify me. After that the officer took me out by myself, and the prosecutor swore to me.
MR. CLEMENT. I took particular notice of him, and was certain he was the man the first time I saw him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
