





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
1245. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SHEEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Stephens
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 17th of July
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, two seals, value 15 s., and a watch key, value 5 s.
            , his property.


                  JOHN 
                  STEPHENS
               



            . I am a cooper
, and live in Oxendon-street. On Saturday night, the 17th of July I was coming out of the Opera House


, and met two men - one ran against me, and the other, who was the prisoner was on my left side; he seized my seals, and pulled with great violence - it broke the ribbon from the watch, which was twisted in my fob: the seals and ribbon hung out; he ran across the street with them, and I after him, calling Stop thief! my foot slipped, and I fell, and at that moment the watchman caught him; nothing was found on him - he only ran across the road, and was not out of my sight at all, for the moment I slipped down the watchman called out
"I have got him." It was a fine night, not dark. The Opera was not much crowded.


                  PETER 
                  IVERS
               



            . I am a watchman. On this evening I heard a rattle sprung, and saw the prisoner running down the Haymarket, and people following him, calling Stop thief! I took hold of him. Stevens came up in a moment or two.


                  JOHN 
                  STEPHENS
               



             re-examined. He ran straight across the street, and then turned towards Cockspur-street, and there the watchman took him.


                  THOMAS 
                  LEWELL
               



            . I was on duty at nearly half-past 12 o'clock, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I crept under a carriage, and saw the prisoner on the opposite side; he ran into the hands of the watchman. Stevens came up in three or four minutes - he had fallen down.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming up the Haymarket. and hearing a cry I ran to know what was the matter - two watchmen stopped me. I was in their custody a quarter of an hour before the prosecutor was brought up.
GUILTY. Aged 27.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
