






397. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FRENCHAM
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MILLS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Crawley
                        




                     
                  , about eleven o'clock in the night of the 8th of January
, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein, twelve live tame fowls, price 10 s., his property
            .
MR. WALFORD conducted the prosecution.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CRAWLEY
               



            . I am a farmer
, and live at Clay-hill


. I have a hen-house five or six yards from my house - it stands in a yard, which has a fence, and is enclosed. On the 8th of January, the hen-house door was spiked up, and the window fastened with rails. About eleven o'clock at night an alarm was given; I and two young men got up, and pursued two men who were running. When we returned we picked up some dead fowls, there were feathers where they had killed them, and blood upon the fowls; a coat and hat laid five or six yards from the house.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. How is your house enclosed - A. It is enclosed all round by fences and sheds, the hen-house is within the enclosure. The hen-house is connected with the dwelling-house by a gate, when it is shut. The prisoners came up to me in the road; I said they looked like the men, and as I knew Frencham, I told him to go home as I knew where to find him; he would go back to the house with me, and I then detained them, but let them go in the morning on their promising to pay 10 s. each, being neighbour's children.

COURT. Q. Is the hen-house separated from the dwelling-house - A. Yes, my Lord


                  JAMES 
                  CRAWLEY
               



            . I am nephew of the last witness. A five bar-gate joins the dwelling-house to the hen-house, and shuts the cart-way. I was called up, and found the hen-house broken - it was fast the night before. I picked up two fowls in the road, and three more in the field. I stood under the hedge when Mills came up. I asked him where he was going; he said to Edmonton; he had no coat or hat, but a short smock-frock on; we let him go. We got a lanthorn, and went down the road; he came back, and my uncle said he would take him. Frencham came up without a hat, and asked what the row was. He was asked where his hat was; he said be neither knew nor cared. They were detained till morning.
Cross-examined. Q. Is not the hen-house separated from the dwelling-house - A. Yes, a rail and gate goes across the cart-road, which separates it, you cannot pass from one to the other without going through a gate.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CORKING
               



            . I know the premises; there is a paling of four yards next to the dwelling-house, and then a gate, it parts the cart-way which goes into the farmyard. Mills came up in a short smock-frock, and said he was going to Edmonton. I saw by the light that his breeches were torn, his hands were bloody, and there were feathers on his waistcoat. He claimed the coat, and said
"It is mine, find it where you will." The cart-way which is railled off, separates the hen-house from the dwelling-house. Frencham came up, he had feathers about him, and a spot of blood on his shirt. The hat was brought to him, he said
"If it is mine I will put it on;" he did so, and kept it.


                  JOHN 
                  MEAD
               



            . I apprehended the prisoners. Frencham asked what I wanted him for? he said - That bed - n - it was all settled, and they were to pay 10 s. each.
FRENCHAM'S Defence. I was never near the place.
FRENCHAM - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
MILLS - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
Of the Larceny only.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Best.
