






344. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of December
, one handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of a man unknown, from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  READ
               



            . I am assistant at Hatton-garden. About six o'clock in the evening of the 30th of December, I was in company with Thompson, and saw the prisoners with a smaller boy

 in the Strand; we watched them about a quarter of an hour. They followed a gentleman and lady into Fleet-street, then turned up Chancery-lane


 after a gentleman. I saw the smaller one attempt to pick the gentleman's pocket - the prisoners closed up to hide him. I saw him take a handkerchief from the gentleman's pocket by Sergeant's Inn


, and immediately give it to Clark - the gentleman did not perceive it; they saw us, and all three ran away. I could not inform the gentleman without losing them; I caught Jones in Bell-yard, Carey-street, about a hundred yards off, in Middlesex - Thompson secured Clark. They picked the gentleman's pocket within four yards of the Inn gate, which is in the County. Jones said he picked it up.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a constable. I was with Read, and watched the prisoners in company with another - we saw them attempt one or two gentlemen's pockets. They followed a gentleman up Chancery-lane, and after they had got about two hundred yards up, I saw them close upon him - they fell back directly, and ran away. I followed, and as Clark got into Bell-yard, I saw him hold it up to the others, and laugh - Read seized the others, but Clark got away. I followed him to Temple-bar, and there saw him drop the handkerchief. I secured him - he said he had just picked it up.
JONES'S Defence. I was going with Clark to get a situation; he kicked a handkerchief before him in Bell-yard, and a little boy cried,
"Halves." Thompson seized me.
CLARK'S Defence. I ran away as I thought it might be stolen.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
