





OLD COURT.
SECOND DAY, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 20.
Second Middlesex Jury. - Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
584. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of December
, 6 frocks, value 2l.: 1 dress, value 1l.; 1 pelisse, value 1l.; 1 bonnet, value 10s.; 2 shawls, value 15s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 6s.; 1 neck-chain, value 10s.; 1 veil, value 6s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; 4 shifts, value 12s.; 1 bed-gown, value 1s. 6d.; 1 collar, value 1s.; 1 3/4 yard of lace, value 1s. 6d.; 2 towels, value 1s.; 2 slips, value 3s.; 1 pair of stays, value 9s.; 9 pairs of stockings, value 8s.; 2 petticoats, value 3s.; 1 purse, value 3d.; 1 half-sovereign, 1 crown, and 4 half-crowns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Lydia 
                           Perry
                        




                     
                  , in her dwelling-house
            .


                  LYDIA 
                  PERRY
               



            . I am single. On the 12th of December I lodged at the house of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Ford
               



            , in Lower Crown-street, Westminster


 - she lived in the house; the prisoner lodged on the second floor, and had been there about two months. About half-past six o'clock in the evening I went to the Theatre, leaving the prisoner in my apartments, to take care of them; I lodge in the two parlours - I left all the property stated in the indictment perfectly secure; my caddy contained a Morocco purse, with the half-sovereign and the other money in it - when I came home, about half-past eleven o'clock, I found the caddy broken open, and the money gone; I missed also the articles stated in the indictment - the prisoner was gone: I went for an officer next morning; I was with him on the 3d of February, when he apprehended the prisoner in Rupert-street - I gave her in charge for stealing all this property; she said,
"Here are your things," and she delivered up twenty-two duplicates: the things she had on were mine - she has them on now; four of the pawnbrokers have given the property up.


                  JAMES 
                  STEWARD WALLIS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Aldous, of Berwick-street, Soho. I have a silk pelisse, pawned on the 9th of January, a gown for 3s., on the 13th of January, and a veil and handkerchief for 2s., on the 30th of January; they were all pawned by the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  WILDMAN PAYNE
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. -On the 3d of February, in consequence of information, I went to Rupert-street with the prosecutrix, and found the prisoner coming up stairs from the kitchen; the prosecutrix said she was the woman - I took her in charge, and on going down stairs she threw out of her hand a neck-chain, into the back kitchen, which I picked up; the prosecutrix identified it, and I found this purse on her, and twenty-two duplicates - most of the property has been given up.(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 19.




               Of stealing to the value of 20s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
