






2017. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  JONES
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SIMPSON
               




             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Esther 
                        West
                     




                  , at St. Martin, Ludgate


, on the 29th of September
, and stealing therein 12 silver forks, value 17l.; 12 silver table-spoons, value 17l, and 18 silver tea-spoons, value 6l., her property
            .


                  HENRY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am shopman to Esther West, a jeweller
; she is a jeweller, and lives in Ludgate-street


, in the parish of St. Martin, Ludgate. On the 29th of September, about a quarter-past four o'clock in the afternoon, Thorowgood the officer came into the shop, and asked if I was aware of the window being cut; I said not; he took me to the end of the window, and pointed out a boy, who, he said, had cut it; I saw then that it was starred but not broken, only split to the bottom - it was entire half an hour before, when I was inspecting the outside of the window; the property was safe when the officer spoke to me - we let it remain there; the glass was split at the bottom, and a crack down, so that by pushing the glass in, a hand could he put in, but there was no hole then; the officer pointed through the window to Simpson, who was looking in at the window; he walked away, and, as I suppose, went round under the gateway of Pilgrim-street; I turned my head round again, and saw a man leaning against the window under the gateway, and saw the glass pushed suddenly through by his elbows - his hand entered, and he took at first six forks - the officer was undoing the door, and went out to secure him; he walked away; I took notice of his face, it was Jones I am certain; the officer went out and I after him - we overtook Jones, two doors from our's, at Mr. Eyles', the linen-draper - he took him back, and I saw him take the property from him in the shop; it belonged to Mrs. West.


                  ROBERT 
                  HOCKLEY
               



            . I knew the prisoners - I saw them come several times up Ludgate-hill together on the 29th of September - they came up the street together, and went to Mrs. West's shop: I was on the opposite side of the way when Jones was taken - it was near a quarter-past four o'clock; I had seen them together before four.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I suppose you knew Simpson before? A. No - he is a very little boy, which made me remark him; the officer pointed him out to me - I had seen them together last about ten minutes to four o'clock, I think.


                  CHARLES 
                  THOROWGOOD
               



            . I am an officer. On the afternoon of the 29th of September I saw the prisoners in company with another, at the end of Cornhill - I followed them, thinking they looked suspicious, and in Cheapside I saw them survey two or three silversmiths' shops; I then followed them to Ludgate-hill, and saw them cross the street to Mrs. West's shop - I saw them walk three or four times round under the archway, and return again: Simpson twice looked into the front-window on Ludgate-street - I went into Mr. Alger's shop, where the last witness lives and told him to observe the lad, pointing him out - I then went down Ludgate-hill, facing the passage opposite the Old Bailey, came round through the archway, and saw Jones talking to somebody; I passed them, and saw Simpson still standing at the corner - I crossed over to Mr. Alger's, and said to the witness."You have kept your eye on the boy, shall you know him again?" he said he should; I then crossed, and saw the boy cross his hand at the window - I went round the hill, returned, and saw the glass was cut across and down: I went in and shewed it to Smith - I turned my eye, and Jones was leaning with his arm against the corner - he forced the glass in some little distance: I asked if there was another door - Smith said there were two side doors; Simpson then put his hand up, took the gass from the frame, and put it into his pocket - Jones immediately turned round, and drew the property out of the window: I saw him draw out some articles - the porter opened the first door, and in opening the second, which leads into the street, the bolt made a noise, and they immediately made off: I kept my eye on Jones - Simpson turned round and looked me full in the face; I followed Jones up the bill, and stopped him two doors from the house; I asked him what he had been doing - he said Nothing: I took him back to the shop, and asked what he had got in his pocket - he said Nothing; I found these articles in his coat-pocket.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Why did you not make somebody else take Simpson? A. I had not an opportunity - I was at one time on the opposite side, and at another time by the gateway: I saw him pass him hand across the window - the window was not broken, but cut and starred; I never saw one broken in that way by accident - glass so thick as this would not split by the pressure of the elbow without being first starred; we might he not above six yards from Simpson - I saw nothing in his hand to cut the glass with; he did not run - I cannot conceive that it could he done by accident in the way it was broken - Jones took the glass; he took no goods out; it rained at the time, and there were a number of people standing under the archway - none of them are here; the crowd would hide him; the glass broken was in the gateway, where the people were standing - the prisoners stood rather away from the people, and were more conspicuous to me; the persons standing up were looking on to Ludgate-hill - I knew Simpson had not got the property, and by taking him I should have made a disturbance, and the one with the property would have escaped; the property was taken about four minutes after the window was broken: I knew Simpson's person before - he had on a brown jacket, waistcoat and trowsers, and a black hat - his jacket was braided.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I took up Simpson next day on Ludgate-hill - he had a blue coat on; I had seen him in Jones' company the day before, in a brown braided jacket and black hat, which I found at his lodgings in Prince's-street; his mother went there with me.



                  THOMAS 
                  SHELSWELL
               



            . I went with Lee to the prisoners' lodgings.
Jones pleaded distress.
JONES - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
SIMPSON - GUILTY. Aged 16.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s., but not of breaking and entering
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
