





557. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     HOLLOWAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 14th of April
, one gown, value 7 s.; one handkerchief, value 2 s.; one pair of shoes, value 6 d.; and one bonnet, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Walker
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  WALKER
               



            . I live in Elder-walk, Williams'-court, Islington


. The prisoner lodged ten days with me. On the 4th of April, at half-past four o'clock in the morning, I went to work in Norfolk-street, and left her asleep. I returned about eight o'clock in the evening, and missed these things off my box by the bed side - she was not at home then. She slept with me. She came home in a half an hour very much in liquor, and abused me very much - she had my bonnet on her head, and my shoes on her feet. I asked her where my things were, and told her if she had pledged them to give me the duplicates. She said she would not, but she would bring them home as she liked. I got a constable who took her. Some duplicates were found on her at the watch-house that related to my property.


                  CHARLES 
                  DOWNER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Thumbleby; who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Old-street-road. On the 4th of April, the prisoner pledged a gown for 18 d. She said it was her own, and she had had it seven years.


                  GEORGE 
                  STOEL
               



            . I live with 
               
                  James 
                  Drew
               



            , a pawnbroker, in Clark's-place, Islington. I took two handkerchiefs in pledge for 16 d., on the 4th of April, from the prisoner. I knew her before.


                  JAMES 
                  FRANKLIN
               



            . I searched the prisoner at the watch-house, and found the duplicates on her.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. She was in the habit of lending me things, and I took the liberty to take them as I wanted money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
