






196. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  FRENCH
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  MOUNTAIN
               




             were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of November
, 6lbs. of pork, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Raper
               




            .
WILLIAM RAPER. On the 30th of November I set Luckie to watch outside my shop, and Punn inside; I went out to market as usual.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LUCKIE
               



            . On the 30th of November, at six o'clock in the morning, I was watching outside this house; I saw Mountain come out of his stable-yard, and pass Mr. Raper's house; Mr. Raper came out soon after; I then went nearer to the house, and saw French come to the door; he beckoned Mountain, who stood at some distance; he went inside, and staid some minutes, and as he went in he took a bag out of his hat - the door was then closed, and in a few minutes I saw French come out, as far as the curbstone, look about him, and then beckon to Mountain, who came out with a bundle under his arm, which weighed 12 lbs. or 15 lbs. I seized him, and said, "You are the man I want - you have robbed that house;" he said, "I have been buying pork." I turned to look for an officer, who was to have been there, but he was not come; I called Watch! several hackney-coachmen came up, and hustled and pushed me about; I was obliged to let Mountain go with his bag; they said he was no thief, and I should not hold him; he got away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PUNN
               



            . I watched on the 30th of November, and when I heard the door shut, after Mountain was gone, I went and said to French, "What is the matter - is the house on fire?" he said, "No, there is nothing the matter, but some butcher has been passing, and said he saw a person come out with a lot of pork." I said, "Why, you have not left the door open?" he said, "No: I have been down stairs, and I put the chain up." Gook came in soon after; I said, "People say somebody has been out with some pork;" he said to French, "Do you know any thing of this?" he said No - he had not let any one in, and knew nothing about it; Gook said, "Do you know the ostler at the Black Horse" he said No; Gook said, "Henry Mountain I mean;" he replied, "I don't know any such person." Gook then took him into the parlour, and when my brother came home he attempted to take him away; French put himself into a fighting attitude, but Gook took him.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I went to the house by appointment, but was rather too late; I asked French if he knew any thing about it; he said he did not, and that he did not know the ostler of the Black Horse, nor Henry Mountain; when Mr. Raper arrived he gave charge of him; he put up his hands,and said he would knock my bl - y head about; I presented the wrong end of my staff to him, and he thought it was a pistol; I took him to the office. I went to the inn yard, and took Mountain; he said to French, at the office,"What, you have been snitching, have you - there are others in it as well as me; you might as well tell of them."


                  WILLIAM 
                  NADAULD
               



            . I am a constable. I went to the Black Horse public-house, with Gook, and took Mountain. I looked about, and, in a loft, concealed under some chaff, I found this pork.
MR. RAPER. I am certain this leg of pork is my cutting.
MOUNTAIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 53.
FRENCH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
