





Before Mr. Baron Garrow.
1832. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PETTIT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of September
, 1 coat, value 3l.; 2 pairs of boots, value 2l., and 2 pairs of shoes, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Gowland
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  HYDE
               



            . I am apprentice to Mrs. Gowland - Mr. Gowland is a solicitor
, and lives in Berwick-street


. One Friday before the 5th of October, when I went to bed, I missed his great coat and some boots from the attic where I sleep; I had seen them safe on the Sunday, across a chair.


                  ANN 
                  GALLOWAY
               



            . I live at No. 49, Berwick-street, three doors from Mr. Gowland. One Friday evening before the 5th of October, my little boy was going to bed in the attic, and somebody asked him to let him in at the window, which was shut: I went up, and he asked me to let him in to go through the house; the prisoner is the person, to the best of my belief - he said his name was Mitchell, that he was a ladies' shoemaker, and lodged at Mr. Johnson's (who is a baker in our street) - that he had been sent on an errand, and staid a great while, and when he came home, his father was in a great passion, and he had got away on the top of the house. I was afraid to go back - I opened the window and let him through - I asked if he would let me see his mother, that I might be sure he was telling the truth; he said I should; he followed me down stairs; I walked with him as far as Johnson's, saw him go in, and I then returned towards my own house. He brought a woman, and said, "Mother, this is the person who has let me through the house:" she thanked me, and told me he had been sent on an errand, and stopped a long time; his father was in a great passion, and if he had caught him, would have beat him severely. I saw the prisoner in custody on the 5th of October; it was more than a week before that - I believe him to be the person. A parapet runs from Gowland's house to mine, and he could go no further than my house.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am a constable. On the 30th of September I found the prisoner at the watch-house - I told him I wanted him for a robbery at Mr. Mitchell's. where Gowland lodges. He said he knew I did, but Jem the errand-boy was as bad as him, for he let him through his master's house, and pointed out where the things were, and he went through the house, and took the boots and coat, and Jem was to go with him next morning to Solomon's, a fence, in Seven Dials - all this was voluntary - I got the articles from Fergues. I apprehended Jem next day, and after two examinations he was admitted to bail.
RICHARD GOWLAND. This great coat is mine; it is lined with serge, and worth about 2l. - these two pairs of boots are mine; they were in the attic when I saw them last. The house is kept by Mr. Mitchell.


                  FRODSHAM 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I keep this house, and live there myself. James Hill is errand-boy to the person next door.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FERGUES
               



            . I am a copper-plate printer. I delivered these articles to Gook on the 14th of September - my servant had found a man under her bed.


                  JOHN 
                  FLOOR
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Fergues. I found this property up-stairs; I brought it down, and showed it to master, who went round the neighbourhood and found an owner. Our house is two doors from Mitchell's, and in the same line of parapet.(Property produced and sworn to).
Prisoner's Defence. 
               
                  John 
                  Clark
               



             is errand-boy to Mr. Fergues: as I stood at the door one morning, he said,"Bill, we can get 2l. or 3l. very easy: master was out last night, and I went on the roof and saw a window open; I went in and looked about, and saw a great coat and two pairs of boots, and in the window-seat a pair of bracelets, which I sold, and if you like to go on the top of the house, you will see the window open, you can go in and take the boots and coat;" and after work he came and said, "Will you go now? Master is out." I went with him up to the top of Fergues' house; I went in, took the boots and coat, and laid them under the window; I returned and found Fergues' window fastened. I walked along the roof, and seeing a light in Mrs. Galloway's room,I asked her to let me through. If it had not been for Clark, I should not have thought of it.
GUILTY. Aged 16.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
