





OLD COURT.
FOURTH DAY. MONDAY, NOVEMBER 2.
First Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
2028. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THORNTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of October
, 1 live pig, price 20s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Knight
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am inspector of the dismounted Police. On the 28th of October, about five o'clock in the morning, I was in the Harrow-road, and met the prisoner carrying a sack; I asked what he had got - he said a pig; I asked where he brought it from - he said from his master, Mr. Carthy, of Kelsal-green, and was going to take it to Franklin, a pork-butcher, in Oxford-market; I took him in charge, went to Carthy, and still detained him: Mr. Knight has a farm in Harrow-road, about two miles from where I stopped him - he saw the pig, and claimed it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FULLER
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Knight
               



            , carcase-butcher
, Harrow-road


. I saw the pig in Taylor's possession - it is master's, and was stolen out of the sty, where it was put to fatten; I saw it safe about five o'clock the evening before - it was fastened in the sty, which is in a yard: the prisoner has been lurking about there for the last two months.
Prisoner's Defence. The pig was given to me by a man who goes about with water-cresses - I know him very well by sight; he told me to go to Kelsal-green, at four o'clock in the morning, and gave it to me to take to Oxford-market.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
