







1496. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of July

, one thousand eight hundred yards of Irish linen, value 180 l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John James Malcott 
                     Richardson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Richardson
                  



               
            , his masters

; and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BOWEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SHILLITOE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
MR. BOLLAND, conducted the prosecution.
MR. JOHN JAMES MALLCOTT RICHARDSON. I am in partnership with my brother Charles; we are linen-drapers, and live at No. 78, Oxford-street, and carry on business in the names of Malcott and James. The prisoner Stevens came to engage himself to us as shopman
 in January last; I was in want of a young man, and upon his representation of his having lived two years in the service of my other partner. (Mr. Williams,) whom we took into partnership at Christmas last, at No. 211, (but who has nothing to do with the business at No. 78), we took him into our service, and he waited upon the customers in the usual way in the shop. In consequence of his representing that he had a large connexion, his father having been fourteen years in the service of Lord Camden, I allowed him to take out goods for those specific individuals whom he named; the Irish linen in question was bought for a customer whom he said he had of the name of Watkins and Thompson, on the 29th of July.


                  ARTHUR 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I live in my brother's house. This entry of the 29th of July is mine - (reads) -
"928 yards Irish, at 2 s. 1 d. a yard; 466 yards at 2 s. 2 d.; and 41 l yards at 2 s. 6 d;" these goods were ordered by Stevens for Watkins and Thompson - he told me he had those customers for them: I entered their names in pencil - I put them in a truck myself, and the porter and Stevens went with them.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES MALLCOTT
               



             RICHARDSON re-examined. These other figures in the entry are mine; they are
"6 - 4 - 10," which imports that the 928 yards had been sold to Watkins for 2 s. 6 d.; 466 for 2 s. 4 d.; and the 411 at 2 s. 10 d. to Thompson. In consequence of information, we made enquiries of Stevens. I called him up stairs one Saturday, and asked if he had sold some stockings to Mr. Bowen - he said he had. I asked if he had sold any at less than they had cost - he said No; he had sold every thing to Mr. Bowen at a profit - he stated that all the entries which had been made in our books, to the amount of some thousands of pounds for other persons, were for Bowen, and the Irishes had likewise gone there.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did you make him any promise or threat - A. No; I told him there was something wrong, and I had no doubt we should get at it - I had no positive knowledge of these things at that time.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. Did you know that Bowen lived in Jermyn-street - A. Yes; Mr. Morley, Mr. Andrews, Ballard, the officer, and myself, went there - Bowen was at home. I asked where the Irish was which he had received from Stevens - he said a man of the name of Shillitoe had taken it away that morning, and he did not know where; we had a search warrant: we proceeded to search, and found some other property - we found some Irish, but not that stated in the indictment; when we found these things, Bowen stated that some articles, eight pieces of Irish, and some long cloths that were there; he had not purchased, and we might take them away. A great deal of conversation took place; we then went up stairs, and found some more Irish, and some books in a drawer, under a sort of desk - we asked what they were; he said, know Shillitoe's direction, but his wife could tell if she his little account books, and said he had no secrets to keep. We waited till Mr. Shillito came: Bowen said he did not was at home - he had done business with him for ten years. Shillitoe came home in a horse and cart - he hung up his coat and whip, and was coming into the back parlour; we asked what he had done with the Irish which he had taken that morning - he said
"What do you want to know for" - but at last said he had taken it to the house of White and Greenwell, in Blackfriars-road; we went and found the whole was from our house - the whole one thousand eight hundred and five yards, with my marks upon them were there.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. I think you said it was in January that Stevens came to you - A. Yes; and soon after he was entrusted to dispose of goods, and to enter debits in our book to a very considerable amount - there are persons standing as debtors to a very considerable amount in our books whom I never saw.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. Had you any conversation with Bowen as to where he had met with Stevens - A. Yes; he said at a pawnbroker's - I said it was my opinion he had bought of Stevens, because he thought he could get rid of them at a small advantage; he admitted that to be the case.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. Are there not many persons standing on your books as debtors with whom you never had any communication on the subject - A. Yes; Bowen is our debtor to the amount of 525 l. I never had any communication with him, because I had confidence in Stevens; he had never come to our shop to pay money, but Stevens had paid money on his account, and he had paid ready money through Stevens, in sums of 25 l or 30 l. - the whole perhaps was 200 l. or 300 l. His name appears several times. I never myself went to his house to make enquiries, but it was through the representation of Stevens that goods to that amount were delivered to him; he represented that they had a shipping order - there are other debtors to considerable amounts placed here by the same means - the whole may amount to 1700 l. or 1800 l. I never had communication with them - they were all done by Stevens: the entries are in the ledger among others, there is no mark to point out which were brought by Stevens. I did not say to him
"You have nearly ruined us, we may as well know the worst of it." I said
"You might have ruined us." I went to Mr. Bowen's with the officer and two other gentlemen. I believe the officer went in first with Mr. Andrews, and then Mr. Bowen saidhe had no secrets to keep; we found some linen and long cloth in his back parlour, which he stated he had not purchased; there was no concealment - there were several whole pieces of Irish in a box, and some remnants - the box was locked. Bowen offered every facility in the search. I went up stairs after the officer, and saw the box broken open - I do not know whether Bowen gave him any iron to open it. He did not say that Shillito had left Oxford-street, and gone to Russell-square; he said he did not know where he lived at all; we said we must know, and at last he said he believed near Russell-square - I do not know whether he said he had been in the house or not, but he said he did not know where it was. Linen cannot be bought for the same price on credit as for money - the advance is 1/2 per cent. per month; our purchases were at seven months, which would have been 3 1/2 per cent. - that is the usual discount allowed by the trade. We have two houses, but there is no property common to the two houses. Malcott and James are names which I put up, for reason which I could explain; they are two of my own names. The other house is in the name of J. Williams, only - we have no other house, Bowen's is about ten minutes walk from our house. I never on any occasion authorized Stevens to go and dispose of any goods, without expressing any particular customer, or knowing who the purchaser was to be. I never stated to him that I had bought some black cloth at 15 s. a yard, and desired him to go and dispose of it. We have a day book, which is kept by my brother Charles, I am not aware that any entries are made to Stevens. The goods are put down to the name of the young man who carries them out, as we do not know whether they may all be sold.
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. Q. Have you any interest in any commission shops - A. No, none whatever. We waited several hours for Shillitoe to come home, and then we told him we came for stolen property - he told us where it was taken, and we went and found it. I do not remember his saying that he did not know them to be stolen; he said he had sold them, but did not say for Bowen. I did not state to Mr. George that Shillitoe had independent property to the amount of 300 l. a year, and I had endeavoured to get him detained, in hopes that sooner that be ied at the Old Bailey he would come to some terms, or anything to that effect. I will positively swear that I did not, neither in presence of Mr. George, nor Mr. Blackman - I believe I did say to some person that I believed Shillitoe had property to the amount of 300 l. a year. I remember Mr. George and Mr. Blackman being at the office, but in my presence nothing was said of the kind. Mr. George is a linen-draper in Oxford-street.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. Have you ever in any one instance debited Stevens - A. No. When we put down goods to a clerk it is only a check upon him. These are the accounts which Stevens told us were all fictitious. Every body I deal with knows me by the name of Richardson - my goods are purchased in the name of Williams and Richardson, and are sent to No. 211, or 78. Our bills of parcels are in the name of Mallcott and James, or Williams and Richardson - all those entries are to my young man Stevens, but it is merely to know who took them out. If I was to send goods to you I should put down the clerk's name, and your name in the day-book.
MR. ANDREWS. Q. As this was entered to the clerk in the first instance, shall I afterwards find it in the ledger - A. No, Sir.
Q. Look at that - 
               A. 
            This is cash received, you will not find the entry to him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I am an officer. I went with a search warrant to Bowen's, with Mr. Richardson and Mr. Morley; it is a sadler's shop. I saw some of the shopmen, and asked for Mr. Bowen: I went into the parlour with him, and told him I had a warrant to search his house for linen, the others were then following me: he admitted that he had the goods I mentioned, with others. I saw some linen drapery lying about, which we took when the other gentleman came in, we asked what was become of the linen that was taken the day before; Mr. Bowen said that a person of the name of Shillitoe had taken it out, he had taken out seventy pieces: he said he did not know where Shillitoe lived, nor where he had taken them to but he had lent him a horse and cart, and it was his in-, variable rule to bring them home, he expected him home that day: he said he had bought the things in a fair way: I asked when and where he became acquainted with Stevens; he said in Jermyn-street: I said
"Was it not at a pawnbrokers shop," he recollected that it was: he only stated while below, that he did not know where Stevens resided: Bowen then said there might be some things which his wife had taken up stairs, and he supposed she had taken the keys: there was a box which he said he had no objection to my opening; I forced it open, and found some linen in it; in the parlour we found some books, the small book Mr. Bowen produced himself; and said they were Steven's own entries, and he had signed his name to the cash received.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Then Mr. Bowen conducted himself to you in a fair and honourable way - A. Yes, he said he considered Stevens as a job dealer, that he had been referred by Stevens to a person of the same name in Regent-street, before he dealt with him, but he did not make any enquiries there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am partner in the house of White and Greenwell, Blackfriar's road, on the morning of the 31st of July, I saw Shillitoe at our house; he came with some samples of Irish linen; I purchased of him to the amount of 161 l. 1 s.; they are here, I bought the goods by sample and they were delivered the next morning.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. These goods came in broad day - A. Yes, I gave three different prices for them, one was 20 d., one 21 d., and one 2 s. a yard; that was a fair price. I have been a linen draper sixteen years; it is common with them to turn stock into money about that time; I have not known Shillitoe more than three or four months, he was sent to me as a job dealer, he made no secrecy, and always dealt on fair terms; he gave me references who gave him the highest character. There is no linen here which I would have given 2 s. 6 d. for, I could have bought it for less; I have some of the same as this fine linen which I gave 2 s. 4 1/4 d. for, on regular Irish credit, from seven to ten months; I produced them as soon as I was called upon; I mean by a regular price, the market price, not from a jobber, there is no regular price exactly. I considered Shillitoe as a jobber, he said he lived in Foley-place, I never went to enquire.

MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MORLEY
               



            . I am a wholesale hosier, and live in the City; I went with the officer and Richardson to Bowen's; I think the officer went in first; there were several pieces of Irish and some silk; they asked him for the Irish, silk, and different articles, which he had bought of Stevens, he very readily showed the goods, and made no objection; in fact they were about the room, some of them in boxes, and there were some books and papers.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. He gave every information in his power - A. Yes, there was one box or two to which he could not find the key. I did not go up stairs, the goods below were lying in the back parlour; he said he bought them of Stevens, but did not know where he lived. I did not hear any thing about a reference to Stevens, the boot-maker, in Regent-street, he said that was where he was to find him, but he did not know of his living in Oxford-street; there were four men in the shop, and these things lying publicly in the room; I am not certain whether there is a glass door between the shop and the room. Bowen went into the coach with Shillitoe and the officer, I walked with Mr. Richardson; there was a warrant to search the house, but I do not know whether there was one to take them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



             re-examined. Q. Did you take Shillitoe and Bowen to the office - A. Yes; there was a box at Bowen's,; I got a piece of iron of him to open it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PAMPLIN
               



            . I am a porter, and live in Nevan-court, I do jobs for different persons; I have done a good many jobs for Stevens; the chief part of them was to Mr. Bowen's; once or twice he told me to go to particular places, and then countermanded the order; the last time I went to Bowen's I took a parcel; I cannot tell what it was; it was on the 29th of July, in a truck; I made a memorandum of it at the time. I do not recollect any particular direction on that day; when I went there I had a strap with the name of Malcott and James on it. I should think I could not deliver any goods to Bowen without his seeing it, but I cannot tell; it was a broad strap with the letters inside; when it is pulled off, any body. I should imagine could see the name. I do not know that I ever carried goods before eight o'clock in the morning, or after four in the afternoon; I delivered them in the shop where the men were at work, and sometimes they helped them in and I went away; I was called in from the street sometimes by one, and sometimes by another; Mr. Richardson has seen me three times out of four: Mr. Stevens paid me once or twice; I have been told to go to some other place, and then countermanded in the street, and told to go to Mr. Bowen's.
BOWEN'S Defence. The purchases made of Stevens were without a guilty knowledge. Though I am a sadler it is well known that I have been in the habit of buying and selling goods, by which I got a profit. Stevens first applied to me in March last, and gave me reference to Mr. Stevens, of Regent-street; I went there, and made enquiries, which were satisfactory. I bought the goods at a fair ready money price, and sold them again at a small profit; this went on till the end of July, and up to that time I had no idea but that he was what he represented himself to be, and I was confirmed in it by having sent letters to his uncle's and having answers to them I always considered him to be the agent of manufacturers, or dealers, and as such I dealt with him - if I had not, is it likely I should have carried it on, in the view of workmen and servants, and of everyone entering my house. When I was called upon by the officer I did not attempt to oppose him, but gave him every assistance in my power, and acquainted them that Shillitoe was out, and would return in the afternoon; I gave up the goods, and requested the officer to break upon the boxes and drawers. Should I have done this if I had possessed a knowledge of the theft? rather, should I not of had recourse to every method to have concealed them? The very fact of my purchasing such a quantity of goods will, I think, acquit me of any guilty knowledge of the charge, when I must have known that it would be discovered. I have made advances to Stevens for the purpose of purchasing goods, as will appear by a letter I have, in which he requests an advance to be made. I lent him 50 l., and however in cautions I have been I have not done it with a guilty knowledge. I cannot but lament that the prosecutor did not call upon me earlier, or send to me for the debt which stands upon their books; had they done that a considerable part of the debt would been saved to them.
* STEVENS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
* There were two other indictments against Stevens, for stealing sixty napkins, value 9 l., and twelve tablecloths, value 16 l.; also eighteen hundred yards, of nankeen, value 190 l., the property of the same persons; and charging Bowen and Shillitoe with receiving the same; but no evidence being offered, they were acquitted,
BOWEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
SHILLITOE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
