






478. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     SAY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES WILLIAM 
                     SNOOK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of January
, ten feet of iron rail, value 4 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Barlow
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARLOW
               



            . I am in possession of a piece of ground in the City-road


, which is surrounded by a wall with iron railings on the top; thirty or forty feet were broken and taken away. On the 14th the officer brought the prisoners in custody with some of it. It fitted the wall, and was the same size.


                  PETER 
                  WELCH
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 13th of January, between nine and ten o'clock at night, I saw three or four boys together in the City-road. I followed them, seeing two of them heavily loaded; Snook came out of a field, looked me full in the face, and then went away. I followed the three, who saw me, and parted in different directions. I secured Say, and in his apron I found some iron railings. He said he found it, and afterwards that he had it given to him; he dropped it, and said,
"If I am to go to the watch-house, I won't carry the iron" - they were all together in the field. I am sure Snook was one of them. I found another piece of iron in the garden.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SANDERS
               



            . I received information, and apprehended Snook. I compared the iron railing with the wall.
SAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
SNOOK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
