





639. 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     WOLF
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April
, 8 s. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Hart
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  DAVID 
                  HART
               



            . I am a Thames police officer
, and live in Russell-street, Bermondsy. On the 12th of April, about half-past eight o'clock at night, I was coming by the East London Theatre


, and saw a number of people in the alley near the theatre, and went to see what was the matter. I stood against the corner of the door, and had not been there above two minutes, before I felt a hand in my right hand breeches pocket; I seized it, looked round, and saw a face, but the hand was immediately snatched away. I cannot say whether it was the prisoner or not; I waited there a few minutes, as the company were going into the theatre. When I felt the hand, I found my pocket turned inside out, and three half crowns and 6 d. gone; this was not the pocket in which I felt the hand; they had robbed this first. I saw my money again, and knew one of the half crowns by a mark which I pointed out to the officer - I had taken it in the course of the day; it was one of George IV. and the first I ever saw; it had a scratch on the head from the nose to the four figures of 1 - I found that it corresponded.


                  FREDERICK 
                  DORRINGTON
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street. I was at the Royalty, as the half-price was going in, and saw the prisoner attempt several people's pockets. I saw him put his hand round Hart, and put his fingers about half way into his pocket, but saw him take something. Presently Hart came back; I went after the prisoner and took him in less than three minutes, under the gallery of the Theatre, at the outer seat. I found three half crowns and 6 d. on him; Hart described a mark on one half crown before I produced it.
HART. This is the half crown.
Prisoner's Defence. He said he could not say any of it was his.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
