





1498. 
               
                  
                     CAROLINE 
                     CARTY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of June
, 1 coat, value 25s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Dodd
               




            .


                  LYDIA 
                  DODD
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Dodd
               



            : we live in Dove-place, Dog-row


; I lost this coat from behind the door in my lower room - I had seen it safe on the morning of the 7th of June; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  SOPHIA 
                  WELLS
               



            . I live on the first-floor of this house. At half-past seven o'clock in the morning, I was going up-stairs, and saw the prisoner sitting there - Ellis was there, and told me she had given her refuge from her husband, and asked if she had done right; I said, "You should be careful what you do in the absence of your mistress; where is your mistress?" - she said she was in bed, and I went and awoke her; I went down again, and saw Ellis go out for something to drink- I saw the coat safe then; I did not like her to go out, and went myself - when I came back, I met Ellis at the door; she said "The woman has run away, and says you may have the spirits, and I may have the change;" the coat was then gone.


                  ANN 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I live at Mrs. Dodds. The prisoner came while I was cleaning the place; she said, "Give me refuge from my husband, he is ill-using me;" she stood behind the door, and said, "Look out, and see if my husband is there;" I looked out, and saw a manthere with a fustian coat and trousers on: I went in - she sat down; Mrs. Wells came up, and I said, "Did I do right to let her in?" she afterwards went away, and the coat was missed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BIRD
               



            . I am an assistant to a pawnbroker. On the 8th of June, a little girl brought this coat to pawn- while I was bargaining with her, the prisoner came, took the coat, and pawned it with my master, and took the money.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
