





214. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     SINDERBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of December
, 12 manger-rings, value 2l. 6s.
            ,the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Hall
               




            ; and that he, at the Delivery of the King's Gaol of Newgate, holden at Justice-hall, in the Old Bailey, on the 11th of September, in the 3d year of his Majesty's reign, was convicted of felony.
HENRY HALL. I am an ironmonger
, and live in Red Lion-street


. I lost these rings from my counter on the 3d of December; I saw them safe at a quarter before three o'clock, when the prisoner was there; I saw them afterwards taken from the prisoner's pocket.


                  MATTHEW 
                  WELDHEN
               



            . I am the street-keeper. The prisoner was given into my custody, and I took these rings from him; he said at first that he did not know any thing about them, but afterwards he said he did it through great distress.


                  EDWARD 
                  HAUGHTON
               



            . I am book-keeper to Mr. Hall. The prisoner came in on Wednesday, and asked to look at a lock - while Mr. Hall's back was turned, the prisoner took the rings, and put them into his pocket.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went to ask the price of a mortice-lock - I saw a label on these rings; I took them up, and put them down again; I never moved from the place.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I have a certificate of the conviction of 
               
                  Jeremiah 
                  Sinderby
               



            ; I was present at the trial - it was in the Old Court, in 1822; I know the prisoner is the person.(Certificate read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 59.




               Transported for Life
            .
