





265. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  RAVEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of September
, 2 sovereigns, 6 half-sovereigns, one 10l., and five 1l. promissory notes
            , the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Wesson
               




            .
JAMES WESSON. I am a tailor
, and live at Saffron-Walden, Essex. On the 26th of September I packed up a parcel, containing a 10l. and 5l. Bank note of Saffron-Walden bank, with six half-sovereigns, and two sovereigns- it was all mine; I packed it in brown paper, and directed it to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Aldington Seal
               



            , Minories - it was to go to the Blue Boar public-house, Whitechapel - this is the 10l. note. - I gave the parcel to Spinks to deliver to the Stortford coach; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  SPINKS
               



            . I drive the coach as far as Stortford. I received this brown paper parcel from Wesson on the 26th of September; I locked it in the hind boot - we change coaches at Bishop-Stortford; I took all the parcels out of my coach, and put them into Firman's.


                  GEORGE 
                  FIRMAN
               



            . I drive the Bishop-Stortford coach to town; I did not see this parcel.


                  JOHN 
                  PORTER
               



            . I am porter at the Blue Boar, Whitechapel


. The Bishop-Stortford coach arrived there, about twelve o'clock in the morning, on the 26th of September - the prisoner was horse-keeper
 there, and helped to unload the coach; I did not help to unload it that day; I know no more of it.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . About three weeks after this parcel was taken, I heard the Regulator coach had been robbed of a parcel containing 20l., and, on inquiry, I found the prisoner had left the Blue Boar, and gone to Mrs. Nelson's, at the Bull inn; I went to him, and said, "Young man, I hear you have found a little money;" he said, "Yes, I have;" I said, "How much might it be, pray?" he said a 10l. note; I said, "Where did you find it?" he said, "In Cheapside;" I said, "Was it loose in the street?" he said,"No - it was wrapped in brown paper;" I asked if there was any more; he said, "No - only a 10l. note;" I asked if it was a Bank note - he said, "No - a country note;" I asked where he changed it; he said at Mr. Meason's, the hatter, in Aldgate, and that he gave his address, James Thompson, Leadenhall-street, on the back of it; I went to Mr. Meason, and found this note with that written on it, and here is the hat which he bought; I found thirteen sovereigns in his box.


                  JOHN 
                  STAPLES
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Meason, hatter, of Aldgate. I remember the prisoner coming to our house once, previous to buying this hat, which was on the 13th or 14th of October - he paid me a 10l. Saffron-Walden note; I rather doubted its being good, and sent to the Saracen's Head inn, where the Saffron-Walden coach comes, to know if it was good, or if it had been stopped - they did not doubt it - I asked him his address - he said 
               
                  James 
                  Thompson
               



            , Leadenhall-street, and said he worked at Messrs. Cross and Lewis, Fenchurch-street; I paid the note away in the course of the week, and it got down to Saffron-Walden.
JAMES WESSON. This is my note - it came from the Saffron-Walden bank to me; I know it by the number, which I took when I packed it up.
WILLIAM ALDINGTON SEAL. I live at Sparrow-corner Minories. I expected this parcel - it never arrived, and I wrote in consequence of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
