





650. 
               
                  MARY 
                  EDWARDS
               




             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of March
, two decanters, value 2 l.; four glass salts, value 14 s.; three goblets, value 3 s., and a mustard pot, value 18 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Ambrose 
                  Welchman
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WELCHMAN
               



            . I am the wife of Ambrose Welchman - we live in Marchmont-street, Russell-square


, and keep a glass shop
. The prisoner came into our shop on Tuesday, the 22d of March, and inquired the price of some salts; she returned the next morning, and agreed for a pair of decanters, four salts, and a number of other articles - the boy was to go with her and take some things, and return for some others; they were to go to No. 15, Greenville-street, Brunswick-square; she took with her the decanters, salts, goblets, and the mustard pot, in her basket - she was to pay for them when the order was complete. The boy went with her to the door, taking the other things with him. She was apprehended in about two hours afterwards.


                  JOHN 
                  ALVERS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Welchman. The prisoner came and bought the glass articles of my master on the 22d of March; she asked the price of some salts: she came next day, and bargained for the articles; I took some in the basket with her; she took the glass in her own basket. When we got to Wilmot-street, she said she would call at the butcher's, and I was to go on to Grenville-street, which I did, and the servant there said the things were not to come there; I took them home again, and did not see the prisoner till I got to Marlborough-street, about three o'clock the same day.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOSTER
               



            . On Wednesday, the 23d of March, the prisoner brought two decanters and four glass salts to our house, to pawn them, but having heard of the robbery at Mr. Towers's, I stopped her, and took her to Marlborough-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I took charge of her - she had this basket in her hand; it has three goblets and four salts in it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
