






537. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TILYARD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COOPER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of April
, a deal box, value 1 s., and nine wrappers, value 27 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Duthoit
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  KINGSBURY
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. B. Blakesley, box-maker, Friday-street


. Mr. Duthoit lives opposite to us. On the 1st of April, about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, I saw four men come down the street in company, and then separate; two of them stopped at my master's door, and looked at Mr. Duthoit's warehouse, which made me notice them. The prisoners were two of the four; I sent for Jackson, the officer, to be on the watch - I saw the prisoner standing next door and go over to Mr. Duthoit's door. Tilyard placed himself by the doorpost, and Copper went in and brought out the box from the inner door, put it down close by Tilyard at the outer door, looked down the street, then put it on his shoulder. I went after him and stopped him ten yardsoff - Tilyard ran off, and the officers stopped him; Cooper threw the box down, when I took him. The other two men were waiting about and ran off. The box contained nine wrappers.


                  RICHARD 
                  GARRATT
               



            . I work for Mr. Blakesley; I saw the two prisoners at Mr. Duthoit's door - Cooper brought the box out and went up the street; I went with Kingsbury and stopped him - he threw it down; Tilyard ran off.


                  JOHN 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am porter to Mr. 
               
                  David 
                  Duthoit
               



            , hosier
, of Friday-street; I saw the box safe in the passage ten minutes before it was taken. I saw somebody going out of the passage - I went to the door, and saw Cooper running with the box; Kingsbury took him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a constable; Garratt came to me - I went into Friday-street, and saw Cooper go from the door with the box on his shoulder. I collared Till-yard.
TILLYARD'S Defence. I am a stranger to Cooper, but was merely passing at the time the box was stolen.
TILLYARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
COOPER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
