






1404. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     ALEXANDER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BRAZIER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of September
, a cask, value 6 d., and three gallons of spruce, value 12 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Summerland
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am a watchman. On the night of the 18th of September, about eight o'clock, I saw three persons coming up a dark entry towards Nightingale-lane, one after the other - the middle one had a cask on his shoulder. Alexander, who was the man behind, sung out
"Drop it, Drop it" - it was dropped. I picked it up, and turning round, seized Alexander - the others ran off.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERLAND
               



            . I keep the Crown, public-house, Merlin's-rents, Nightingale-lane




. Alexander was in my tap-room, with several others, on this evening, for an hour and a half, and about half-past ten o'clock I saw several of them go out. There was a three gallon cask of spruce in front of my bar, an hour before. The watchman came and asked if I had lost anything, and I missed it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  COLE
               



            . I am a goldsmith. I was at the Crown, and saw Alexander there - Brazier came in afterwards; they sat together in one box, with several others. I saw them all go out of the tap-room, and after that found Alexander at the watch-house. He denied having been to the Crown.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am a constable. On the 19th of September, I took Brazier in Star-alley.
ALEXANDER'S Defence. I went to the Crown to meet a man, who owed me 8 s., and found several people, who said I should find him at the Golden Anchor. I was going home, and saw two men with the cask; they dropped it almost on my toe, and ran off. I knew myself innocent, and stopped.
ALEXANDER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BRAZIER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
