






918. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DANIELS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CAROLINE 
                     KENSETT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of March
, 5 handkerchiefs, value 8s. 9d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Woolmer
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WARWICK
               



            . I am a shopman to 
               
                  John 
                  Woolmer
               



            , a linen-draper and haberdasher
, of Barbican


. These handkerchiefs were all in one piece - about the 5th of March I had been showing some to a gentleman, and this one among them - I saw them safe a quarter of an hour before - the prisoners came into the shop together to look at some cotton handkerchief, which were in a different part of the shop, within reach of these handkerchiefs - they were on the counter; they left the shop without buying; I did not miss the handkerchiefs till an officer gave me information; he had taken the prisoners, and produced the handkerchiefs, with my own mark on them.


                  GEORGE 
                  BULLEN
               



            . I am a coach-maker. I was near Woolmer's shop, about seven o'clock in the evening; I first saw a lad looking in at the window - in a few minutes after, the prisoners came up and joined him - they stood at the window about ten minutes; the lad went into the shop first, and the prisoners followed him; I saw them looking at the cotton handkerchiefs, and then went to the end of the shop - I saw them all three come out together; they turned up Golden-lane, which is about two doors from the shop - a waggon passed, and I called to Vann, the officer, to follow them; they walked very fast- I ran to keep them in sight; I never lost sight of them; they turned up Playhouse-yard; the lad and the female went up the court, and the man stood at the corner - they returned down again, and Vann took bold of the woman; I took the man, the boy ran away; Vann said to the woman "What have you here?" she said Nothing, and he took the piece of handkerchiefs from under her shawl: it was claimed by Warwick - they were searched, and 3 1/2d. found on them together.


                  JOHN 
                  VANN
               



            . I had been watching the prisoners for half an hour, and saw them go into the shop and come out - I laid hold of the female at the end of the court; the lad went away - I did not observe him with them at that time; seeing the woman's bosom bulky, I put my hand under her shawl and found the handkerchiefs; she said she had picked them up on the pavement - she had 3 1/2d.; Daniels had no money.(Property produced and sworn to.)
KENSETT's Defence. The other prisoner is innocent.
DANIELS' Defence. I know nothing about the concern; when I came out of the shop I was going home, and did not positively know any thing was taken.
DANIELS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
KENSETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
