





1155. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  DWYER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, 1 watch, value 14l., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert Joseph 
                        Whalesby
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ROBERT JOSEPH WHALESBY. I am a linen draper
 and live in Crawford-street. On Good Friday, between ten and eleven o'clock at night - (I had left some friends and was going home,) two females accosted me and led me into some intricacy in St. Giles'


. I was convinced they had got something from me, but I said nothing, being intimidated, I was then going home; the prisoner came up and appeared to console me, and offered to see me home. I said I had nothing then but my watch, and as we were going along Oxford-buildings, she snatched my watch - (that is not my way home, but she wished me to go there;) she snatched my watch and broke the guard. I called Stop thief! she was taken and the watch picked up- I had been drinking that evening. I did not know her before.


                  THOMAS 
                  MOLSON
               



            . I am a watchman. I was on duty a few minutes before one o'clock - and saw the prisoner and prosecutor together - he appeared a little in liquor, and seeing the prisoner enticing him into these buildings, I went down Woodstock-street, and saw a scuffling between them in the passage of No. 21; she got up and ran past me; the prosecutor said he was robbed. I pursued, and saw her throw the watch over some high fence - I still pursued, and sprung my rattle. Partridge caught her - and we took her back to the place. Partridge got over; and found the watch - she said it was her first offence, and wished to be let go.


                  JOHN 
                  PARTRIDGE
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoner running, and stopped her - I got the watch from over the rails.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met him much in liquor - he asked to go with me - I walked with him; he gave me his watch in the passage.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Life
            .
