






81. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HUCKLEBY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LAWNEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of November
, 2 sacks of coals, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Green
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Joshua 
                     Barratt
                  



               
            , their masters.
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.
EDWARD GREEN. I am in the service of Edward Green and 
               
                  Joshua 
                  Barratt
               



            , coal-merchants

 of the City-road - the prisoners were employed by them to carry out coals; they had a customer named Oakgood, at Hadlington - there was an order from him on Saturday, the 31st of October, for sixty-three sacks of coals; the waggons were loaded with them on the Saturday evening, and on the Sunday morning I saw the waggons; one had thirty-five sacks in it and the other twenty-eight - the tickets were made out for each in the usual way; I told them to leave early on the Monday morning, but did not say what time - when I got there, a little after six o'clock, they were gone; Huckleby was driver of one waggon and Lawney was his mate. but I did not see them go out together - Seaney and Hughes went with the other waggon - the prisoners had the ticket for the waggon with thirty-five sacks in it, but I believe they took the one which had only twenty-eight; the waggons were corded up on the Sunday.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Are you one of the partners? A. No; it was on Sunday morning I saw the sacks in the waggons - the prisoners were on the premises at the time, but not with me; the waggons stood till Monday morning - whether any sacks had been taken out I cannot say; it is a private wharf, enclosed by gates.
MR. BODKIN. Q.Could any of the coals have been taken out without undoing the cords? A. No, certainly not; and there are coals loose about the wharf.


                  THOMAS 
                  SEANEY
               



            . I am a waggoner to Messrs. Green and Barratt. I went on the Monday morning with the waggon, which contained the thirty-five sacks of coals, and Hughes with me as a mate; the other waggon was in the yard, but the prisoners had not come when I started - their waggon was corded up, but I did not count the sacks in it - I stopped at Whetstone to bait my horses, and the two prisoners came up with the other waggon; we stopped there about three quarters of an hour, and then went on to Mr. Oakgood's - when we got there, there was some complaint made by his servant; and Huckleby told me to speak to the footman - I told him that Huckleby wanted to speak to him.
Cross-examined. Q.What time did you start? A. A quarter before five o'clock; it was dark.


                  DANIEL 
                  MAYO
               



            . I am a footman to Mr. Oakgood. I saw the two waggons of coals come to his house; I saw the two prisoners at the time - Lawney told me I was wanted in the coal-cellar; I went down for a minute, but I found I was not wanted - I came back, and saw Lawney in the act of taking two empty sacks out of the second waggon which had just come into the yard; Huckleby was down stairs with Hughes at the time - Lawney was running with the sacks down the yard, to where the empty sacks of the first waggon were put, but seeing me he concealed them behind the dog-kennel: I had before that asked Huckleby for the ticket of that waggon, and he said he had come away and forgot it - I counted the number of sacks in the second waggon, and there were but twenty-six; I examined the sacks which had been put behind the dog-kennel - they were regular sacks, and appeared to have had coals in them; I said to Huckleby,"As you have no ticket with this waggon, I shall count your coals" - I counted and said, "There are but twenty-six;" he said he knew they were short, and he hoped I would not say any thing about it - Lawney was by the other waggon, but he was within hearing, and not more than five yards off; I said to Huckleby, "As you had the charge of this waggon, you must be answerable for the coals" - he said they had been left at Holloway; I said, "That won't do for me, I must have my coals correct" - he then said it was at the Red Cap, or Mother RedCap, I am not certain which, and wished me not to say any thing about it; I told him I certainly should acquaint Green and Barratt of it - he then told Seaney to come to me, and make it up - when Seaney came to me with a message from Huckleby to make it up, and I refused, Huckleby said he would pay me for them if I would say nothing about it.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you by when the waggons were unloaded? A. Yes, all but the first six sacks, which had been taken out of the first waggon; I think Lawney was within hearing when I spoke to Huckleby - when Huckleby said they were short, I understood short of the number; I made him no promise or threat.


                  THOMAS 
                  COPE
               



            . I am an officer. I took both the prisoners on the 4th of November - Huckleby was in the City of London public-house; I told him what I wanted him for - he said, "I am sorry for that;" Lawney said nothing.
EDWARD GREEN re-examined. Q. Did the prisoners return home after this transaction? A.Lawney did, but not Huckleby.
MR. LEE. Q. How long has Huckleby been in their service? A. He has been twice in their service - I think this last time about six or seven months; I cannot exactly say how long Lawney has been there.
Huckleby's Defence. I returned to the wharf the same evening.
HUCKLEBY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
LAWNEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
