






OLD COURT.
SEVENTH DAY. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 22.
Middlesex Cases, First Jury.
 Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1524. 
               
                  ANN 
                  WILKING
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of August

, two pelisses, value 5 s.; two shawls, value 8 s.; nine sheets, value 6 l.; five shirts, value 30 s.; a shift, value 6 s.; five neckerchiefs, value 5 s.; two caps, value 10 s.; two spoons, value 25 s.; three towels, value 5 s.; an umbrella, value 2 s.; five pieces of linen, value 5 s.; a pair of clogs, value 1 s.; two table cloths, value 10 s.; two pairs of stockings, value 2 s.; five gowns, value 20 s.; two napkins, value 2 s.; a pair of stays, value 2 s.; a blanket, value 4 s.; a frock, value 1 s., and three flat irons, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        George Thomas 
                        Dale
                     



                  , her master, in his dwelling-house
            ; and 
               
                  ANN 
                  BLISS
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
GEORGE THOMAS DALE. I am a surgeon
, and live in King's-place, Commercial-road



. Wilking was in my service. On the 10th of August, a table-cloth was missing and that led to this other property being found.


                  JAMES 
                  LEA
               



            . I am an officer. On the 10th of August, I took Wilking into custody in Mr. Dale's kitchen, and asked what she had done with a table-cloth, if she had pawned it - she said No; but her mother had, and she believed it was at Mr. Aaron's, in Houndsditch. I went there with Mr. Dale, and found it - Bliss is her mother. I went to her house two or three times before she came home, and saw another daughter of her's who gave me a pocket-book, containing forty or fifty duplicates of property, which Mr. Dale identified. I took Bliss about four o'clock, and charged her with pawning property of Mr. Dale's; she said she was very sorry - she had done it through distress, and meant to redeem them again. I searched her, and found another pocket-book, with eight or nine more duplicates of Mr. Dale's property.


                  JOHN 
                  AARON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a shirt pawned for 2 s. 6 d., and a towel for 9 d., both in September, 1824, a gown in November; some stockings in December; a shirt in May; a cap, a coat, frock, table-spoon, table-cloth, and gown, all at different times, and all by Bliss.


                  EBENEZER 
                  HODGES
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Baker, of Aldgate. I have a pelisse, shirt, gown, and stockings pawned at different times by Bliss.


                  GEORGE 
                  GILES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a towel, two handkerchiefs, and a table-cloth, pawned by Bliss.
MR. DALE. The property is all mine. Wilking lived two years with me.
WILKING'S Defence. My mother is innocent; she knew not but they were my own. Sickness and poverty induced me to do it.
BLISS'S Defence. I always understood they were her's.
WILKING - 


               GUILTY. Aged 35. Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BLISS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 65.




               Confined Two Years
            .
