





966. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, 1 purse, value 6d.; 2 half-crowns; 9 shillings, and 1 5l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        Adolphus 
                        Turner
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ADOLPHUS TURNER. I am a clerk in the Foreign-office
. About five o'clock in the afternoon of the 15th of April I was in Piccadilly


, just opposite the White Horse-cellar, waiting to go down by one of the coaches; I had a purse in my coat pocket, which contained a 5l. Bank note, and about 14s. in silver - it was safe about a quarter of an hour before - while I was standing there I felt a push - I put my hand into my pocket and found that my purse was gone; a boy said something to me about it - I then went and secured the person pointed out, which was the prisoner - he had got eight yards before me, and two men were walking beside him; I never found my purse.
Cross-examined by Mr. CRESWELL. Q. Were you standing still? A. I had been walking up and down before the cellar several minutes; other persons were there.


                  GEORGE 
                  KEMP
               



            . I am fifteen years old, and live with Mr. Thompson, who is in the Commission way - he lives in Coventry-place. I am his clerk - Turner was walking along - I saw the man at the bar in company with two other persons - I saw the prisoner put his hand into Mr. Turner's pocket, and draw out something in his hand - I was close to him - Turner looked round and said he had lost his purse, and I told him what I had seen - I pointed to the prisoner, and said "That's the man who has got your purse;" the prisoner then hobbled away - I am quite sure he is the man.
Cross-examined. I did not see him hobble when he first took the purse out; I was going to Knightsbridge with some bottles - I had never seen him before - he merely pushed against the prosecutor, and then put his hand into the pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Life
            .
