






1119. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of May

, 56lbs. weight of hay, value 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Welch
               



            ; and 
               
                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  SEWELL
               




             was indicted for 


               felonously receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen
            .


                  JAMES 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I am a Police officer. On the 3d of May I received information, and went with Webster to Bayswater, to Mr. William Welch's, he lives at Southwell, and sends hay to town; we met two cart loads of hay in one waggon - Smith was the waggoner
, and a boy named Tomkins was with him, it was coming to town, and stopped at the Swan, at Bayswater



, about a quarter after six o'clock in the morning - we had got there a quarter before four. I stood about one hundred yards from where the waggon stopped - the boy turned up the tarpaulin and pulled down the truss of hay, and Sewell, (who was the hostler there), took it up, and carried it away into the yard; it appeared, in my judgment, to be a truss of hay, and was taken from the middle of the waggon - the waggon drove on and I followed it. Smith was by the side of the horses - but I cannot tell whether he saw what the boy did, though I think he could not avoid seeing it. When the waggon had got about one hundred yards I went to see whose it was, and I said to Smith, "Does your master allow you to leave hay in that way?" he said "No; he does not;" I said, "I shall take notice of it, and let your master know;" he said "I hope you will not take any notice of it." I said I certainly should; but he might go on with his waggon, which he did - he said it was the first time he ever left any. I am sure he used that expression. I went back to the hostler, and said I should certainly take him into custody for that hay that was left there; he said, he had some hay left, and he went and brought a small bundle out - which I am sure could not be the one I saw him take in. I then took him into custody - he said he would give me a crown, or anything I chose, to let him go - he said it was a busy morning, and no one knew anything about it but ourselves. When the hay was dropped he took it up and carried it in immediately - they waggon stood by the road-side. I took him to the office. I came on to Tyburn-gate, and took Smith as he was returning. I let the boy go home with the team.


                  JAMES 
                  GRIFFIN
               



            . I am foreman to William Welch; he lives at South well, and sends hay to town - Smith was his carter, and Tomkins was his assistant - I sent two loads of hay to town in a waggon; there were seventy-two trusses in it - I saw it loaded, but did not see it set off on Thursday morning - I had seen it between seven and eight o'clock that evening - I did not see the turpauling put on- I left Smith to do that; there was exactly two loads of hay cut, and no more - I saw him have what was proper for the horses; we give our horses corn, not hay; there was a small parcel of hay for one horse - there was no appearance of any more hay being cut. On the Thursday evening, when the lad came home without the man, he said the officers had taken him, for leaving a truas of hay at Bayswater; the load of hay had been sold to go to a wharf at Paddington; my master received a note for the amount of the two full loads; it was sold for 5l. 8s. a load.
JURY. Q. Did you miss any hay from the stack the next day? A. No; I seldom go into the loft - it was impossible for me to miss it from there.


                  JAMES 
                  TOMPKINS
               



            . I live with Mr. Welch. I saw two loads of hay in the waggon, on the morning of Thursday - Smith and I sat off early; there was not a word said about the hay as we went along; there was a tarpauling on I - rode on the top of the waggon, from this side of Acton: when we got to the Swan public-house at Bayswater, he told me to chuck a bit of hay down, which I did - Sewell came out of the yard, but I cannot say whether he heard what was passing; I cannot tell how much I threw down; I cannot guess; it was bound up, and had the regular bands on - Sewell took it up, but I do not know where he carried it; there were seventy-two trusses altogether; we took it to Paddington, and sold it to Mr. Allen - I saw it anloaded, but I did not halp - I did not see it paid for - there were seventy-two trusses when Mr. Allen bought it; it is always counted over; there must have been seventy-three with the bit that I gave; it was all pretty much alike; it must have been all brought from my master's farm - I did not see him take any up on the road.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. When the trusses were taken out of the waggon, where they were put? A. Into the barn - I did not carry them in, nor count them - I cannot say there were seventy-two, there might have been but seventy-one or seventy, for what I know, but the man always counts them where we take them to, and I think he would have objected to it if there had not been seventy-two.
COURT. Q. Was this hay delivered in the usual way, as it is to any person who buys it? A. Yes - Smith threw it out of the waggon, and Allan's men carried it into the barn - I was in the barn, but did not hear the man count them; he made no complaint that there were not seventy-two.
Q. Did you go up into the loft before you set out with the waggon? A. Yes - Smith told me to go up, to put the truss of hay down which we left on the road - I did not know what he was going to do with it.
Cross-examined. Q. What sort of a thing was it, was it a truss? A. There was not a truss - I said it was like the others, but it did not weigh so much; I did not tie it up: it was not quite so big as the other - I am sure it was not a truss; it was the one that was got out of theloft that was thrown down - I know it was not a truss of hay; they were all tied with two bands; no one saw us leaye the premises with the hay; the foreman was at Southend - I have often been with the hay carts to Paddington, and we stopped at the Swan every morning regularly to bait - I have never known hay borrowed of the hostler, except once, that was when master was there, and he told us to bring him a bit again, which was done; it is usual for our horses and carts to stop there, as we go back, but the first tier does not stop for the other; they stop about half an hour, and then go on again - I do not know that hay is ever left to be eaten by the horses on their return- I do not remember hay being left for that purpose.
MR. PRENDERGAST to J. GIBBS. Q. You say you got some bay from the premises? A. Yes; the hostler brought out a small bit of hay, which appeared to me to be a lighter colour than the one I saw taken from the waggon - I did not make that observation at the time; he said, "This is the hay I had from the waggon" - I took him into custody, but did not search the premises - I was satisfied in my own mind, it was not the hay - it appeared to have two bands on it, when the man took it up; it was as like the other trusses as possible; the hay he produced was not like the trusses at all; it was taken to the office because he said it was taken from the waggon; it was taken to be the hay till Mr. Griffin said it was not, but I thought it was not before that, and I said so to Webster, my brother officer - I did not tell the Magistrate so.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I was about one hundred yards on the other side of the Swan public-house - I saw the boy throw the tarpauling back, and when they stopped there was a truss of hay thrown down - I did not see who took it - I did not go into the stable, as there were two dogs there, and one of them nearly bit me.


                  JAMES 
                  GRIFFIN
               



            . I had a note from Mr. Allen, to say he had received two loads.
SEWELL'S Defence. I never offered the man a crown - I said it was an awkward morning, and I would rather have given a crown than be taken from my business.
MR. PRENDERGAST to MR. GRIFFIN. Q. Have you not borrowed hay of the hostler? A. Yes; about three weeks before - I told the carter to take it back, and he said he did so, but I did not see it - I gave it the man to return.
COURT. Q. There was some hay taken to the Police-office? Yes, but that was not master's.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
SEWELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
