







693. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WEBB
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GARDINER
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LOVITT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of May
, one watch, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cabbell
                  




               
            .


                  CAROLINE 
                  CABBELL
               



            . I am the daughter of ThomasCabbell, who lives at Bow


. On the 8th of May, at nine o'clock in the morning, I saw the watch hanging safe over the mantle-piece, and missed it about one - I believe the street-door was open. I saw it in about a quarter of an hour in the possession of Manning.


                  EDWARD 
                  MANNING
               



            . I am a dyer, and live at Bromley. I was coming home about one o'clock, and saw the watch laying in a path, it was open, I picked it up, and immediately after heard a cry of Stop thief! I turned my eye, and saw Gardiner and Lovitt advancing, they were eighteen or twenty yards from the watch, running in a direction from it - several people were pursuing them; Webb came round the corner with the people. I gave the watch to Hudson.
Prisoner, LOVITT. Q. Did you not say at the office that if you had known it had been stolen you would have kept it - A. I never said so.


                  RICHARD 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I am a bricklayer. A gentleman came past my door, which is about thirty yards from the prosecutor's, and gave me information; I went out immediately, and saw Webb and Gardiner, one on each side of Cabbell's door. Before I came up to them Lovitt came out of the house - I saw him put something into his pocket; they all ran together, as soon as he came out, through Bromley. I lost sight of them for ten minutes - they turned a corner which would take them to where the watch was found.
WEBB'S Defence. I came up in the bustle, and was taken.
LOVITT'S Defence. I was going to my uncle's.
WEBB - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Confined One Year
             and 



               Whipped
            .
GARDINER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
LOVITT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
