





398. 
               
                  MARTHA 
                  GRIFFITHS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of January
, a purse, value 2 d.; a guinea, and sixteen shillings, the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Funnell
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM FUNNELL. I live at Blackley, in Norfolk, and am master of a coasting vessel
. I was in London on the 25th of January, between one and two o'clock in the day, looking in at a shop window in Whitechapel


 - the prisoner and another woman came up to me, and we got into conversation; I went home with the prisoner, but I cannot tell where to - we went to an upper room, where I staid about ten minutes: her companion was gone away. I am quite sure that when I went with her I had a purse in my pocket, containing a guinea and sixteen shillings; I had been taking a friendly glass, but was perfectly collected. I missed the purse while I was on the bed with the prisoner - I charged her with having taken it, and said I would not leave her till she gave it to me. She got off the bed, and opened the door - two other women made their appearance; I still kept hold of her, and would not let her go. All the women then made use of very bad language to me; I told them I would not let her go, but they got her from me. I pursued her - she fell at the bottom of the stairs, and I took hold of her again, and said if she would return my purse I would give her 5 s., but if she did not I would call an officer. I had given her 1 s. 6 d. before. She did not return the purse, and I gave charge of her to the beadle, who was passing. I have not seen the purse since. I am certain it was in my right hand trowsers pocket.


                  JOHN 
                  PARTRIDGE
               



            . I am the beadle of Whitechapel. I was coming down Wentworth-street, between one and two o'clock - I saw five or six women, and the prosecutor with them. I took the prisoner into custody; she made no answer to the charge. I searched her, and found two shillings and two sixpences upon her, but no purse. - The prosecutor had been drinking, but was quite collected.
Prisoner's Defence. I am perfectly innocent. He had been with another young woman before me.
WILLIAM FUNNELL. I swear I had not. I gave her the 1 s. 6 d. out of the purse.




               GUILTY. Aged 18. Of stealing, but not from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
