





1079. 
               
                  NATHANIEL 
                  STRINGALL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of May
, 4 lbs. of copper, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Ford
                     




                  , his master
            .
WILLIAM FORD. I am a scale-pan maker
, and live in Broad-street, Turnmill-street. The prisoner had been in my employ for five years; I went to Mr. Ham's house in May, on some business; he shewed me some copper which had been taken from my warehouse - I knew it to be mine - I had been in the habit of missing copper for three years: I have no hesitation in swearing to it: the prisoner had not left my service.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Have you ever sold copper to him? A. I believe he had some copper of me to make a kettle; he made that kettle in my place; I cannot call to mind that I ever sold him any more: I have let other workmen have copper to make kettles if they wanted it; I never sold any cut out for scales, as this is, in my life.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAM
               



            . I am a copper and brass-founder. I have known the prisoner from a boy - he has often come to me and represented himself as doing business on his own account: he sold me this copper on the 15th or 16th of May. I saw Mr. Ford in the Whitsun-week, and shewed him the copper, and some more like it - it is cut out for scale pans.
Cross-examined. Q. Why is not the other part brought here? A. It is melted down.
Q. Is the cut of this copper different to other pieces? A. Yes, they are cut in a circular manner for scales.
WILLIAM FORD re-examined. Q. How many scale-pan makers are there in London? A. One besides myself - he would cut scale-pans in the same manner as I do - the prisoner confessed at Bow-street that he had taken this.
Prisoner's Defence. I never took any off his premises but what I bought of him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 49.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
