






1472. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     MARLOW
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     BRIDGET 
                     RIAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of June
, 1 watch, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Timothy 
                           Fitzpatrick
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  TIMOTHY 
                  FITZPATRICK
               



            . I am a labourer
. One Sunday night, I think about three weeks ago next Sunday, I met Rian, between nine and ten o'clock; I was not very sober; I went with her to her room, in White's-yard, Rosemary-lane


 - I cannot tell whether it was her lodging; I had a watch in my pocket - when I had been with her about aquarter of an hour I missed my watch; I had not taken it out of my pocket - I said to Rian "You have taken my watch," and told her to give it me; before I had missed it Marlow came into the room - I cannot say which of them took it - Marlow was near enough to take it; when I missed it she wanted to shove me out of the room; I gave an alarm, and the watchman came - I did not leave the room, nor did they, till he came; he took Rian to the watch-house; I did not see my watch till the next day, this is it - I am sure I had it when I was going into the house; I believe I gave Rian about a shilling.


                  CHISTOPHER 
                  WARD
               



            . I heard the prosecutor cry out Murder and watch! I went into the room, and found him and the two prisoners - I had known them before; he said"Watchman I am glad you are come, I am robbed and murdered - put this woman out of the room;" I said to Marlow "Go along to your own room;" the prosecutor still kept hold of Rian, and said she had robbed him; this was on the last Sunday in June, I believe.


                  ROBERT 
                  STUPART
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. This watch was pawned with me on the 29th of June, by Marlow; she stated that it had been left with Rian by a sailor, who had been lodging with her for a week.
Rian's Defence. I was in the Three Compasses with some sailors - the prosecutor came and called for a pot of beer - he asked me to drink, and asked where I lived; he said he would go with me - he went home, he then had a half-crown and a shilling, and he gave the shilling to me; but before we left the house we had some gin - he then went away, and came back in half an hour; he took me by the collar into a public-house, and said he had lost his watch in my room; I went to my room with him, and unlocked the door, no watch was found - he then went with me to the watch-house.
Marlow's Defence. I went to wash for this woman - I found the watch and pawned it; I went to the watch-house - they let me go, and the next day three of us were taken to Clerkenwell.
MARLOW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
RIAN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
