





677. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BURGESS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 9th of April
, one shawl, value 5 s., one gown, value 5 s., two frocks, value 3 s., two caps, value 5 s., and one necklace, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Smith
               



            , a plumber
, who lives at Hoxton. On the 9th of April these things were in the lower room of my father's house, at Edmonton


; they were safe at ten o'clock at night, I missed them next morning. Somebody had broken in the back way.


                  SOLOMON 
                  RIGGLESWORTH
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's father; I am gardener. On the 9th of April, about six o'clock in the morning, I went out to work, and left the back door on the latch, and about fifty yards off, I met the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a hostler at the King's Head, Lower Edmonton. On the day after the robbery, I saw the prisoner at Stamford-hill; he offered me the duplicate of a gown and silk shawl, pawned for 5 s., at Newington - he wanted 18 d. for it. I went home and told Smith of it. I knew him before.



                  GEORGE 
                  HUNTER
               



            . I manage the business of Mr. Parsons, at Newington. On the 9th of April a man pawned a gown and shawl in the name of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Burgess
               



            , Edmonton.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  GRAY
               



            . I am constable; about the 1st of April I took the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
