







370. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     POWELL
                  




               
             were again indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Parker
                        



                     
                  , at Hayes



, about the hour of two o'clock in the night of the 2d of January

, with intent to steal, and burglariously stealing therein. one tea-pot, value 40 s.; one tea-pot stand, value 20 s.; 18 tea spoons, value 5 l.; two sheets, value 10 s.; one counterpane, value 5 s.; two pair of pistols, value 40 s.; one snuff box, value 5 s.; one coat, value 10 s.; one whip, value 2 s.; one hat, value 2 s.; one pair of breeches, value 5 s.; one gown, value 5 s., and one pair of overalls, value 3 s., his property
            ; and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     DRINKWATER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the same day, at the parish aforesaid, one tea-pot, value 40 s.; one tea-pot stand, value 20 s., and 16 spoons, value 3 l. 10 s., part of the goods aforesaid stolen, well knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  LANGRIDGE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Parker, who lives at Southall



, in the parish of Hayes. On Tuesday, the 2d of January, I was there with my wife, and we went to bed about ten o'clock - nobody else was in the house. I had fastened the doors and windows - it was a boisterous night. I was not alarmed, and got up about half-past six o'clock - it was dark, and about half-past seven o'clock I went on the lawn, and found a ladder standing against my master's bed-room window, which was broke and the shutter cut; some person had let down the top sash, and got down into the room - the drawers were broken open. I sent to town to my master, and the things remained as I found them till he came - it was daylight when I discovered it; I had a candle when I got up. I heard no noise after I was up, if it had been done after I rose I might not have heard it, as the window is in front of the house.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PARKER
               



            . My servant gave me information. I went down on the afternoon of the 3d of January, and found the shutters cut, and the windows broke, the drawers turned round and broken and several things taken out. Robinson had lived three years with me, and left three months ago. I generally ordered the plate to be taken up into the bed-room; I never ordered him to do it, and I do not know that I ever did in his presence. I missed the articles stated in the indictment, and lost a hat with my name in it.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



            . I saw Mr. Farrant sign this paper, and saw Robinson sign it - his confession was voluntary.
(read.)
The voluntary confession of 
               
                  William 
                  Robinson
               



            , who says
"About a month ago we set off from London, about seven o'clock in the evening; we had agreed to rob Mr. Parker's house, at Southall-green. We went on foot, and got there between nine and ten o'clock at night. We found a ladder in the rick-yard, and got in at one of the bed-room windows by breaking a pane of glass. We forced and broke some of the drawers open, in Mr. Parker's bed-room (no person being therein), and took four pistols, a silver tea-pot, a small silver waiter, some table and tea spoons, two pair of salt spoons, a flannel-gown, some stockings, and some handkerchiefs, a white connterpane, a man's silk hat, and a pair of leather breeches. We sold the plate to 
               
                  Edward 
                  Drinkwater
               



            , the man who keeps the General 
               Townsend
            , public-house, in Oxford-street, for 35 s.; we sold most of the other articles to a Jew at the General 
               Townsend
            , public-house, for about 2 l. I had one pair of pistols, and the baker the other pair We had no light at Mr. Parker's; we remained about an hour in the bed-room, and then returned by the window, leaving the upper sash down, and the ladder there. I told Drinkwater when I sold him the silver articles how we came by them.
"W. ROBINSON."


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELGOOD
               



            . I produce a pair of pistols, which Powell pledged with me on the 13th of January - he gave them into my hand, and wanted 15 s. on them; we offered him 10 s., he went out and came back.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



             re-examined. I received the duplicate of the pistols from Mr. Manton.
MR. MANTON. Hussey gave it to me.


                  JOHN 
                  HUSSEY
               



            . I got it out of the hat that was left at the house.
MR. PARKER re-examined. The hat and pistols are mine, and were stolen that night.


                  JOHN 
                  WALES
               



            . Here is a hat, which I took off Powell's head on the 30th of January.


                  JOHN 
                  HUSSEY
               



             re-examined. It is Mr. Manton's, and was stolen on the night of the robbery, when the other was left.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



             re-examined. I searched Drinkwater's house on the 30th of January; he keeps the General 
               Townsend
            , public-house, in Oxford-street. On the previous evening, I went there, and enquired for Powell, the baker, he promised to give me all the information he could about him. I told him I wished to take him respecting a robbery. In consequence of information, I and Wales went there again, we said we had come on an unpleasant business, and had a few questions to ask him, and begged he would take time before he answered, as it was a matter of consequence to him. I asked if he knew Robinson, (describing his person) and said I supposed him to be a companion of the baker; he said he knew no such man, either by name or description. I asked him if he had any boxes, bundle, or property left there by any person, or if he had bought any plate, and named a silver tea-pot. stand, and spoons? he said he had seen nothing of the sort; I said that was not true, and that I had a warrant to search his house, and again entreated him to tell me if he had any thing of the sort; he said he had not, but when I was about to search the house, he said there was a trunk left there by a man. I told him I would look at that presently. His wife in his presence gave us a key of a cupboard, in which I found four table-spoons and one gravy-spoons. I said those were the very things I wanted, and questioned him about the tea-pot and stand; he said
"I will tell you presently." Isaid
"I must know immediately;" he then said they were at Danell's, a silversmith's in Oxford-street, to have his name engraved on them. I asked how he got them; he said he had them of Robinson, and to whom the box belonged, in payment of a score of 3 l. 15 s. He said he had nothing else from him. I took him up to his bed-room, and there we found four silver salt-spoons, plain; he said they were his own, and I left them there. There was a cloth marked P.P. he said he did not know how it came there. The prosecutor and I went next morning, and found the salt-spoons and took them away; Wales took the box. I went to Danells, and found the tea-pot, stand, and seven tea-spoons.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. You knew Drinkwater many years, did you not consider him respectable - A. I did so. I apprehended him on the 30th of January.


                  JOHN 
                  WALES
               



             re-examined. I went with Plank, his account is perfectly correct. Drinkwater said the box belonged to a man who he called the gardener, but appeared not to know him by the name of Robinson. There was nothing particular in the box. I went to Danell's, and found the property.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DANELL
               



            . I am a silversmith, and live in Oxford-street. Drinkwater brought the tea-pot to have a new nob, and the bruises taken off, and a few days after he brought it back with the stand, to be engraved; I told him it appeared to have had initials or a crest taken out from the upper part; he said he thought it would bear engraving, and that he bought it.


                  LOUISA 
                  DANELL
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. I remember the tea-pot being brought back to be engraved. While had it Drinkwater came, and wanted to see some spoons; I shewed him some; he asked me if we took old silver in exchange? I said Yes; he then brought some spoons, for which I agreed to allow him one guinea. I remarked that the handles were old fashioned, and he said they were his wife's mother's, and had been in the family many years.
(Property produced, and sworn to.)
ROBINSON. I took the plate from Mr. Parker.
Powell made no defence.
DRINKWATER'S Defence. I am sorry to be placed in this situation, as the mere dupe of these two fellows. I had taken the house about a fortnight, and Robinson was recommended to me by the late landlady as respectable. He came in a few days, and asked me to lodge him, but I could not. He said he was going into the country, and asked to leave the box till he returned. He called in a day or two, brought the plate into the bar, and I bought it of him not knowing it to be stolen.
ROBINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . - DEATH. Aged 30.
POWELL - 

               GUILTY
            . - DEATH. Aged 23.
DRINKWATER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Best.
