







774. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HILT
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     MERCER
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PRESNALL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, 6 ducks, value 1l.; and 1 basket, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Stone
                        




                     
                  : the said James Presnall having been before convicted of felony
            .


                  JAMES 
                  STONE
               



            . I am a carrier, and live at Ingatestone, in Essex; I had a load of hay and a basket of six Muscovy ducks tied behind it - the basket was cut off in Whitechapel-road


 - I saw them safe at the Mile-end gate, and did not see them again till they were in the officer's hands; I was bringing them to town for a gentleman.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were the ducks alive or dead? - A. Dead.


                  CHARLES 
                  DOWSON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 10th of March I was on duty in Whitechapel with Briscoe; I saw the three prisoners following four carts coming to town, loaded with hay; behind one of them there was a basket of poultry - I could not tell what it was, but I saw it attracted their attention; I watched them, and saw Mercer cross the road, and then return to his companions - they walked on a little farther, and were within a yard or two of each other; when they got opposite the hospital, Mercer crossed the road again; he went very near the cart, and again returned to his companions - they had some conversation, then Mercer and Presnall left Hilt, who continued to walk on the pavement; they went to the cart; Mercer cut down the basket - he caught hold of one end of it, and Presnall the other, and they went down Greyhound-lane, and I followed them - they dropped the basket, and ran; I overtook Mercer, and saw something in his hand, and on going to take it he dropped this knife on the pavement - I took Hilt about ten o'clock the same morning; I went to Stone, who was with the cart, and asked him if they were his ducks - he said they were.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you known Hilt before? - A. Yes; and I went to his father's house afterwards - Hilt kept walking on; he might see me go up to the other men, I do not know - he did not attempt to touch the ducks; I cannot tell what conversation took place between them; it was about seven o'clock in the morning when I saw them - Presnall was taken afterwards.


                  THOMAS 
                  BRISCOE
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was with Dowson; what he has stated is correct - I saw the three prisoners in company together.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You did not see Hilt attempt to touch any one's property? - A. No.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am an officer. I produce a copy of the conviction of 
               
                  James 
                  Presnall
               



            ; I saw him tried at this bar - I was not a witness, but was present at the trial; I took him into custody this time.
The copy of the conviction was here put in, and read; stating, that on the 11th of September, in the ninth year of his present Majesty's reign, James Presnall was convicted of stealing, on the 20th of August, 4 boots, the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Birt
               



            , and ordered to be imprisoned four calendar months.
MERCER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PRESNALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
HILT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
