





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
1848. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BERTRAND
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Sturdy
                        




                     
                  , on the 21st of September
, and stealing 1 coat, value 7s., and 1 hat, value 2s., his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  STURDY
               



            . I lodge in Dorset-street, Spitalfields


, and am a silk dyer
 - my landlord, Mallison, lives in the house; I have only one room - the prisoner is my wife's brother. On the 26th of September I went out at six o'clock in the morning, padlocked my door as usual, and left nobody at home; I returned at seven in the evening, and unlocked the door, which I found as I had left it, but on going in I missed the hat and coat, which I had left safe in the morning - I received information, apprehended the prisoner, and asked what he had done with my goods, and if he had pledged the coat - he voluntary said No, that he had sold them both, down Petticoat-lane; I have not found them - he did not live with me.


                  PETER 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I lodge in this house. On the day Sturdy lost his things I saw the prisoner in the yard - he asked me if his brother had been home to dinner; I said I had not seen him, and did not think he had - Sturdy's is the back room on the ground floor; I went up to my apartment, and heard the prisoner go into that room - I thought he had the key of the door, and took no notice; I left my room, and saw the prisoner in the room - I went out, and when Sturdy came home I told him the prisoner had been into the room; he missed his things - I was at home from the time the prisoner was there till Sturdy came home, and if any body else had gone into his room I should have known it.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in charge, and asked what he had done with his brother-in-law's coat and hat - he said he had sold them both in Petticoat-lane; he did not know who to.
The prisoner pleaded distress.




               GUILTY (of stealing only)
             Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
