





576. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WEBB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of March
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Everett
                        




                     
                  , one watch, value 2 l.; one seal, value 1 l.; one key, value 5 s.; one handkerchief, value 1 s.; 17 s. 6 d. in monies, numbered; one 20 l., and two 10 l. Bank notes, his property
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  EVERETT
               



            . On the 19th of March, about nine o'clock, I met the prisoner, who was a stranger, and went with her in a coach to Westminster


. The coachman that drove us went into a public-house, to have some drink - he opened the coach door, and when I was getting out I found I had lost my watch, and charged her with it. I took her to the watch-house, and found I had lost 17 s. 6 d. and a key. On feeling in my pocket, I also missed one 20 l., and two 10 l. notes - the 20 l. note was marked
"Cope," and the one of 10 l. also, and the other
"Alder." I described them to the constable. I had been in company with no one else. They searched her, and found the property on her. The watch was found by the coachman, the silver on her person, also the key and handkerchief. Two 10 l. notes were found under her arms, and the 20 l. note she had dropped.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You was perfectly sober - A. When I first met her we went to two public houses. I knew perfectly well what I was about.


                  HENRY 
                  BETTS
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house about a quarter before twelve o'clock. They said the prosecutor had been robbed of his watch - the prosecutor said he had also lost some Bank notes. I proceeded to search her, and asked if she knew any thing of the money - she declared, with many oaths, that she knew nothing of it. I found under her left arm two 10 l. notes - I left the patrol in the room, and asked the prosecutor if he knew his notes - he gave me a full description of them. I searched her very close, but could not find the 20 l. note - I also found a silk handkerchief, and 17 s. in silver on her. The prosecutor said it was part of the 1 l. note which he had changed.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you observe him - A. He had been making tree, but knew what he was about. She said she picked the notes up in the coach.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GOUGH
               



            . I am a patrol - I took the prisoner to the watch-house, and saw her pull the two 10 l. notes from her bosom - and while she was putting her clothes on, I saw her drop the 20 l. note from between her fingers.


                  JOHN 
                  SQUIRES
               



            . I am a watchman - the prisoner was brought to me - I took her to the watch-house.


                  SAMUEL 
                  EVERETT
               



            . The notes are mine, and have my writing on them.
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the notes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
