






1534. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MANLEY
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PADDEN
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of August
, 1 writing-desk, value 1l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William Usher 
                  Leather
               




            .


                  HANNAH 
                  LEATHER
               



            . I am the wife of William Usher Leather, cabinet-maker
, Curtain-road


. On the afternoon of the 5th of August I was in the parlour, behind our shop, and saw Padden take up the desk, which was outside the shop; I went into the shop, he put his hands on the desk, trembled very much, and asked me the price of it; I said 30s. - he said 20s. - No, said I, 30s. - he said "What is in it;" I said, "What there ought to be, some drawers;" he offered me 20s., and then on to 27s., if I would send it to his house, as he was going abroad; I said I would not take it - he then went on to Manley; I saw them talking together; Padden crossed the way, and Manley was on our side; I was engaged in serving a glass - I told my husband they were the men who came for the desk; I then left the shop, and went up stairs; I saw Paddon on the opposite side of the way - he rubbed his hands together, and took off his hat - I then saw him rub his hands very quick, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I ran down, and took Paddon - the desk had been taken in the mean time.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Was not this a very warm day? A. Not particularly warm - when I went down Padden was standing in the street; I was not the first person who collared him; I did not see him attempt to run, but he wanted to get away, and said there was no charge against him; I said there was, for he had offered me 27s. for this desk.
Q. When he offered the price did he produce any money? A. No - he was very much agitated.
WILLIAM USHER LEATHER. I am a cabinet-maker. I saw Padden ask the price of the desk - I was behind my wife - he offered several prices to her - I then saw him at the corner of Bateman's-row, on the opposite side of the way; I saw Manley a hundred or hundred and fifty yards higher up; Paddon went to him - I then saw Padden on the other side of the way, coming towards the shop, and I saw no more till Manley took the desk; Padden, at that time, was on the opposite side of the way - I saw him take off his hat, and put it on again; Manley instantly took up the desk, and put it down again - Padden then rubbed his hands - Manley then came and took the desk, carried it away before him, and walked across to Paddon; I followed, and he turned to throw it, apparently, on my feet - I took him in New Inn-yard without losing sight of him - my apprentice took up the desk - Manley endeavoured to get away.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you in the shop when Padden offered the money for the desk? A. Yes; he said, if we would send it to his house, in Weymouth-terrace, he would have it; I passed by him in pursuing Manley - he was standing, lolling against the wall, and no doubt saw me; I took Manley in two or three minutes - when I brought him back Padden had been taken, and was brought afterwards to the office - he did not attempt to impede my pursuit of Manley - I should think we passed within two yards of him.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  RAWLINGS
               



            . I was in my brother's yard, in the Curtain-road. I saw the two prisoners come up to the shop - they made a stop, and looked in - they then went on, Padden returned, and I saw him looking at the desk; he did not go into the shop - Mr. Leather came out, and was in conversation with her - in a short time he walked away - Manley was then on the opposite side - they walked on, and I saw them speak to one another, and walk to and fro four or five times; I then saw Manley cross over to the shop, while Padden was against my brother's gate; I saw Manley take the desk, and Mr. Leather ran after him - I ran down, and took Padden - he made no resistance.
Cross-examined. Q. He said he was innocent and wished to be let go? A. Yes; Mr. Leather had passed himbefore I got down, and Padden could see him - I had seen him bargaining about the desk before Mrs. Leather was in the shop - there was no one there, but a little girl - it is an open window.


                  JOHN 
                  TONGER
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Leather. I saw Manley walk across the road with the desk - my master ran after him, and just as he got to the corner of Bateman's-row, he threw it down - I picked it up.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATERS
               



            . I searched Padden at the office in the evening - he had 6d., and some half-pence on him.
PADDEN'S Defence. It is true that I was in the shop, bargaining about the desk, and requested, in case they would take the money, it might be sent home - this was between two and three o'clock; I went down the road, and in twenty minutes I returned - was it likely I should fix myself opposite his shop; Mr. Leather had hardly moved from his shop when the cry of Stop thief! was raised; I was fifty yards off, and could have run directly; I lifted my hat in consequence of being exceeding warm; I rubbed my hands, but it was not a signal to Manley - I know nothing of him.
MANLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PADDEN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
