





103. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, 3 s. 6 d., in monies numbered, the pro-property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Webster
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I have lost an arm, and get my living by selling pies in the street
. On the 14th of November, I was going down Kingsland-road


, and had got nearly as far as the Basing-house, public-house, the prisoner was on the other side of the way, and appeared to be intoxicated. She called to me, and came a-cross the road, and asked me for a two-penny mutton pie. I gave it her, and she gave me a penny, saying, she would give no more, she turned her back, and I followed her to the Spread Eagle, she appeared so much in liquor, that she fell on my shoulder, with one arm a-cross my shoulder; I tried to push her from me, but could not get her away. She soon after run fromme, down a court, by the side of a house, I heard money jingle as she went along; I found my pocket turned inside out, I lost 3 s. 6 d. I called after her, but she was out of my sight. I waited at the end of the court till past twelve o'clock, when the watchman came, he went and searched all the houses, he could not find her. Next morning I told Smith, and he apprehended her, I am sure she is the woman. I did not suspect any thing till I heard the money jingle in her hand.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer. On the 15th of November, about ten o'clock, Webster called on me, he described the prisoner to me; I said it was 
               
                  Ann 
                  Jackson
               



            . I went down the court after her; she put her head out of a window, to know if she was wanted, I said she was. The prosecutor said she was the woman, and I took her.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw him in my life, till they took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
