





561. 
               
                  MARY ANN 
                  BEVIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, 7 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Lamb
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD LAMB. I am a mariner
. On the 25th of August I was in Whitechapel, with a female, with whom I went to Wentworth-street, Spitalfields


, to a house of reception, about a quarter after nine o'clock in the evening; the prisoner is the girl I first met - and gave her a compliment, and she asked me for something to drink - I said, the English girls poisoned themselves by drinking so much gin; the girl I gave the money to, transferred it to another - the prisoner did so - when she had robbed me she gave a signal, and the landlady came up - the prisoner then rushed across the room, down stairs; this all happened in three or four minutes; she took my sovereigns when I was standing with her along side the bed; I was as sober as I am now; I am certain she is the girl; I went up and down Whitechapel for two months to find her - there were other girls taken up, but I am positive she is the person - and I picked her out from twelve others in the office-yard.


                  THOMAS 
                  DREW
               



            . I am an officer. Mr. Lamb gave me information on the 26th of August, and described the person of the girl to me; he said he had been robbed of seven sovereigns, about nine o'clock the evening before - that the girl was a little pock-marked, and fresh coloured on the cheek-bone - the prisoner has been out of the way some weeks; I took several girls up before this, but he said they were not the persons; when I took this girl, she was in a place with twelve or thirteen men and women, and he identified her immediately.
Prisoner's Defence. I am perfectly innocent - I has never seen the gentleman.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
