






Before Mr. Justice Park.
1304. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SCOTT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SCOTT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Gardener
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 3d of October
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a pocket, value 2 d.; a half-crown, a shilling, two sixpences, a penny-piece, five halfpence, and two farthings
            , his property.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GARDENER
               



            . I am a cordwainer
, and live at the Duke of York, public-house, Chelsea. On the 3d of October, about dusk, I was at another public-house; I do not know the sign - the prisoners were there; I asked them to shew me to the Duke of York, where I lodge. They took me the wrong road, into the Five-fields


; I said they were taking me wrong, and I should go no further - the man then caught hold of me by the collar, put his legs behind me, and threw me down; the woman stopped my mouth while the man knelt on me, and tore my pocket from my jacket. He said to the woman several times,
"You d - d h - h, give me the knife;" but I think he tore it off. I had 10 s. in that pocket at first, but a soldier put his hand into my pocket before that, and took some money out - I felt and found I had some money left. I felt, a half-crown there after the soldier robbed me. I fell asleep in the public-house, and they were in my company all the time. I had been at work with the man, at Lewis, near Maidstone. I counted my money before them, when I awoke; there was then three half-crowns, and 2 s. 6 d. in silver. They went away when they robbed me, leaving me crying Murder. The watchman brought them back.


                  JAMES 
                  QUICK
               



            . I am a watchman. I was coming up Eceleston-street, at twelve o'clock, at the corner by the Five-fields, and heard a terrible scream of Murder - I went towards the sound, and met the prisoners coming along, stopped them, and asked what was the matter - the man said there was nothing the matter with him; I insisted upon his stopping, and going to the man who was knocked down; he ran away, but I caught him, and took them to the prosecutor, who gave them in charge. The man was rather in liquor - I found the prosecutor's pocket on him, with a half-crown and 4 s. 10 d.; he said he had taken nothing more than that.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COUSINS
               



            . I am a watchman. I was about a hundred yards off, heard an alarm, and went up. Quick's account is correct.


                  CHARLES 
                  RICE
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoners were brought to the watch-house - the man pulled the pocket out of his own waistcoat pocket, and said I am guilty.
Prisoner 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I said I took it but not with intent to steal - Witness, He told the Magistrate so, but said to me,
"I am guilty of taking the man's pocket, but this is all that was in it."


                  JOHN 
                  SCOTT
               



            'S Defence. I knew the prosecutor by working with him - we agreed to come to town, and in the road he fell down and fainted. I fell in with him a few days after, and we were drinking all day; he was locked out, and was going home with us, and fell down at different times, and pressed me to take his money, to take care of; we were both drunk. The last time he fell down, I put my hand to his pocket, which hung by two or three threads, and it came off. The watchman came up - I said I had not the money, not wishing to give it to him, and at the watch-house I said I took it, but not with intent to rob.
JOHN SCOTT - GUILTY. Aged 28.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
MARY SCOTT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
