





508. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  ROBINSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, four 10l., and two 5l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Darby
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.
EDWARD DARBY. I live at Hopworthy, near Tiverton, Devonshire. I was in town in January, and sold a quantity of butter; I received four 10l., and two 5l. Bank notes from Mr. Edwards, of Crawford-street, on the afternoon of the 10th of January; I took no account of the numbers, but I believe Edwards did; I had no other Bank notes in my possession; I met a man having the appearance of a farmer, just about Holborn-bridge, at the end of Fleet-market- he began a conversation with me; I only went a few yards with him; I met him again after that, by accident, as far as I knew - I had made no appointment; I met him somewhere about the church, coming up to the Castle and Falcon, Aldersgate-street; he joined in conversation with me again - he proposed to go out of town by the same coach with me; we went and drank some brandy and water at an inn near the New Post-office, in Newgate-street, and while we were drinking there the prisoner came in, and appeared to me to be rather tipsy; when he came in he asked the farmer and I if we had seen a lady in the inn - we said No; he said he had been with a lady overnight, and meant to make her his wife on Monday next, and said he had an old uncle who always said he would never give him more than 1s., and now he was dead, and had left him all that he was worth, which would be 350l. a-year, besides a great deal of ready cash - that he had come to London, and drawn 450l. of it; he pulled out both coin and papers, which appeared to be Bank of England notes and sovereigns; he kept flourishing them about - I persuaded him to put them into his pocket a good many times, and the farmer persuaded him also, quite as much as I did; the prisoner said he had got plenty of money, and would lend 50l. to any man who would give him stamped paper for it - he did not mind that; this continued for about half an hour, and then the farmer and I left the room; the farmer told him he did not know the value of money, or the getting of it, and he had better put it into his pocket; it did not appear that the farmer and him were acquainted; the prisoner said he lived a hundred miles from town.
Q. Well, you and the farmer left the room? A. Yes; the prisoner said he would go with us - I was going to the Spread Eagle, Gracechurch-street; I did not know the way, never having been there in my life; I was going to book my place by the Company's coach to Bristol; the prisoner knew where I was going, and said he would go with me, and pay my fare to Bristol. I told him I did not want any body to pay my fare; when we got out, we passed a street between the Castle and Falcon and the New Post Office, and went into a narrow street, as the farmer said it was the nearest way to the Spread Eagle; we went on a good way up several turnings; the farmer wanted to go into another house, to speak to somebody; we all three went in - it was a public-house; the farmer called for brandy and water, which the servant-girl brought; the farmer walked down stairs soon after he came into the house, leaving the prisoner and I together; we sat there for two or three minutes - he then returned, sat down, and drank with us; the farmer then took out some chalk from his pocket, and made a mark on the table - the prisoner at that time had his money in his pocket - he did not explain what he meant by the chalk mark; the farmer then took some papers out of his pocket, which I understood to be bills, and threw them into a hat which stood on the table; the prisoner directly did the same - he threw them into the same hat; then the farmer put a halfpenny under his hand, and said to the prisoner."What will you have, man or woman?" the prisoner spoke, but what he said I do not know - they did that several times, and the prisoner said, "You are gentlemen I see - I dare say you are gentlemen; you are men of property;" (meaning both of us) the farmer said, "Yes, I an Esquire, and this gentleman is an Esquire too;" he repeated that many times, and then the farmer said, "Why don't you show that you are a man of property? take out your money, and let him see that you are a man of property too:" I did not take it out for a good bit - he repeated that several times - the prisoner said nothing then; I at last wanted change for a 5l. note, and took my money out of my watch-pocket - I had it all in a roll, and before I had power to speak, the farmer turned his hand, snatched the money off the table, and said, "You have winned - the money is your's," and threw the money into the hat; the prisoner took up the hat, and both of them ran away instantly - it was done in a second; I had laid no wager, or bet whatever, nor had I any intention of betting - I had not spoken aword about it at all; the farmer was nearest to the door, and ran out first, I think - the prisoner was making his way out as fast as possible; I ran and jumped after him, and caught hold of his coat-flap, as he was going down stairs - he dragged me down the stairs, but I held him fast; I caught hold of his collar with my right hand, and his coattail with the left - he made his way through a passage out into the street as fast as he could, I still holding him; two lusty young men then came up, and asked what was the matter; I told them that rogue had robbed me of 50l.; they said, "You come on with us, and we will make him give you every farthing of your money:" I said, "Why not give me my money here, without going any further?" they then said they should go into some private house, and not do it in the public street; I went on some distance, still keeping hold of the prisoner - they wished me once to let him go, that he should not be made a spectacle of; I refused, and they went into a house - they wanted me to go up stairs; I refused at first, but I did not know what to do, and I did go up four or five stairs; when we were up, one of the men went and opened a chamber door, and the room was hung with clothes on lines; I said I would not go in there, for they had brought me into a bad house, and I believed they were a set of thieves altogether; my speaking pretty loud, a woman came out from between the wet linen, and, as soon as they saw her, one of them pulled the chamber door fast; I rushed back from the door, pulling the prisoner with me - I was not shut into the room; when the door was fastened the prisoner said, "I will give you your money;" I was then in the passage - it was rather darkish there; he put his hand into his pocket, and put a roll of paper into my left hand; I said, "This is not my bills;" I knew my own paper by the colour - it was whiter than that was; I said, "I will not have these, give me my own bills - I want none of your's;" one of the other two immediately went behind me, made a wrench at my hand, and tore it away from the prisoner's collar; the prisoner instantly ran down stairs as fast as he could; the other man on the side of me, took me round the legs, and threw me down on the floor, one of them on each side of me; and, as I laid on the floor, I heard the street door shut too, hard; I got on my legs again as fast as I could, and ran down stairs; I opened the door very quick, looked to the right, and saw the prisoner running as fast as he could, forty or fifty yards off - I ran as fast as I could, and rather gained ground on him at first, but at last I was exhausted, and obliged to give up; I cried "A thief!" a man named Payne then came up, and said he was an officer; I told him that was the rogue who had robbed me, and pointed to him - he was in sight; I saw him in custody in about an hour and a half; Payne went and shewed him to me - I said he was the man; I never saw the farmer afterwards, nor the two men who pretended to be my friends - I lost them as they ran down stairs; I gave Payne the papers which were left in my hands; my notes were produced to me - I had no mark on them, and did not know the numbers, but they were rolled up exactly as mine were, and were the same amounts, four of 10l., and two of 5l.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. How old are you? A. Fifty. I have lived thirty years where I do now. I have been to town twice before this time; I was here about two years before. I have been up three times in about seven years. I stop at the Castle and Falcon. I am a farmer, and sell butter to people in town. I don't deal in tobacco - I use it sometimes - I may buy two ounces when a friend comes in; I do not deal in spirits - I live thirty miles from the sea-coast; I send my butter to town. I had come up on the Tuesday, and was going back on this night (Friday) - I had not dined, and was quite sober; it might be between twelve and one o'clock in the afternoon - I breakfasted about twelve: I saw him in custody just between light and dark - between four and five. I suppose I was an hour and a half, or better, in their company; I cannot speak to half an hour; I suppose it was about two o'clock when this happened - it was on the 11th of January.
Q. Did you not say you would not prosecute him, if you got back your money? A. I don't know; I might be asked the question, but I have not done it. I did not say, I would not prosecute - they offered me money to make it up, but I would not take it. I cannot recollect saying I would not prosecute if I got my money - I was so flurried.
Q. You have a perfect recollection of all that passed? A. Not all; for I was much hurried when the business took place; the farmer said he lived down Bristol way. I never said I produced my money at the first public-house. I persuaded the prisoner to take care of his money there; I did not toss up, nor call out, "man or woman" - I had not a halfpenny in my hand - I had only a few shillings, and a sovereign besides the 50l. I do not recollect saying, if I got my money and expences, I would not prosecute - money was offered me - I don't know what I said about it. I was in a coach with one of the officers. I don't know what I said there, I was so much hurried; it was the next day - I was more hurried then, than when it happened; considering now I had risked my life with thieves; a woman was in the coach with the officer; they said she was the prisoner's sister; and there was a man in the coach; this was before we went before the Magistrate. I believe I rode a little way with them after the examination, as I was going the same way; they took me where they were going; I don't know where it was - I was never in the place before - I believe they drove to this gaol. Only the officer and the prisoner were in the coach with me then.
Q. When you were in the coach with the officer, the woman and man, did you say, you did not believe the young man in custody was the man who had given you any notes; but it was the farmer? A. No; I never said such a word; for the prisoner gave me them himself. I did not say, I was an old fool for tossing with a strange man, nor any thing like it - not a word of the sort came from my lips; nor did I say, I did not believe he intended to rob me, or that the flash notes were his, or any thing like it; for I did think he intended to rob me. I did not say, I tossed for a glass of brandy and water, which led to further betting, and I at last tossed for 50l.; or that I was afraid the farmer would cheat the young man - I said nothing like it. I said no such thing in the coach, or any where - I only said, they had been offering me money to make it up - I said nothing of the sort, at any time, to my recollection. Payne was in the coach with me; he had run after the prisoner, and returned, saying he had got him;and brought me back my money; that was half or three quarters of an hour after I pointed him out.
Q. How came you on the coach with the woman? A. She asked me to go down in the coach, and I went; I went alone with her from Guildhall to her house, and as I came back the officer and a man were in the coach; I believe the house the wet clothes were in is a public-house.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You had no notes but what you received for the butter? A. No; I never was concerned in smuggling - or dealt in contraband goods; I farm land of about 400l. a year; this is the third time I have been in London; I know very few streets in London, for I do not stop above two or three days; I was never in town till four or five years ago.
COURT. Q. Have you seen the farmer and the two others since? A. No: The farmer told me where he lived - but I forget where; it was somwhere about fifty miles from town on the Bristol-road - I should know him again.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BECK
               



            . I am a City officer. On the 11th of January, I did not see the prosecutor, but heard a cry of Stop thief! about half-past two o'clock as I was coming up London-wall, and just at the corner of Cripplegate-buildings, I saw the prisoner turn the corner of Hart-street - I pursued him, and in turning the corner of Monk well-street I lost sight of him; my son followed faster than me: he turned into Foster-lane, and then into Maiden-lane, into the warehouse of Mr. Nicholls; I saw my son standing at Nicholl's door - he said the man was in there; I looked, and saw him talking to young Mr. Nicholls, and I saw him go into the back warehouse: I left my son at the door, and went to Payne, whom I saw come out of a public-house door, with the prosecutor; I took him to Nicholl's warehouse - the prisoner was there, sitting in the back office; we both said, "You are the man we want;" I immediately saw him put his hand into his right-hand pocket, and heard something drop from him - we took him up from his seat; I pulled the chair away on which he sat, and took up some paper, screwed up, which, upon opening, was four 10l. and two 5l. notes - I have had them ever since; he was taken to the Compter: I turned to Darby, and asked what property he had lost - he said four 10l. and two 5l. notes; he had not seen them then.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you in a coach with the prisoner and Darby at any time? A. Yes; we took him to Newgate, when he was committed, and I went in the coach from the Compter to Guildhall; another officer, the prisoner, and his sister were in the coach; the prosecutor was not in the coach then, but he was as we came to Newgate - that is the only time I was in a coach with Darby: some questions were put to Darby, but I told him he had better hold his tongue; he said something in answer to the questions, but what I do not know: I believe he said he was an old fool for losing his money - I heard him say nothing about having tossed for it. I heard him say at another time, that somebody got him in conversation, and got him to drink brandy and water; that was not in the prisoner's presence.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a cheesemonger, and live in Crawford-street, Mary-le-bone. I deal with Darby for butter; I paid him 50l. in January, for butter, on a Thursday - I think it was on the 10th; I should know the notes again, as I put my initials on them, and know the names of the persons I received them from - (looking at the notes produced) every one of these are the notes I paid him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. On the 11th of January I was in my house in Grub-street, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I ran out, and saw Darby after I came out, and saw the prisoner run past the place - Darby and several others were running after him, but he was ahead of all; Darby came up in Silver-street - I said, "have you lost anything?" he seemed exhausted, and said he had been robbed; I said I would go after the party: I received information, and went to Mr. Nicholl's counting-house, and saw Beck pick up a parcel of notes, containing four of 10l. and two of 5l. - I was searching the prisoner at the time he dropped them. I found two 5l. Bank of England notes, and a country note on him; they have since been delivered up- I found a letter on him, some bills, and a card of his direction, "Robinson, cooper, &c., No. 5, Goswell-street, Clerkenwell" - I found his wife lived there. The prosecutor gave me these flash notes after the prisoner was in custody - I found a letter on the prisoner.
These flash notes being read, were headed "Bank of Elegance," and engaging to cut hair, &c. in a superior stile, or forfeit 50l., and were in the exact form of a Bank of England note. The letter found on the prisoner, was dated Liverpool, the 5th of January, desiring the prisoner to come to Liverpool with witnesses to prove an alibi in a case to be tried there; but it not relating to the matter in question, was not fully read.
MR. BRODRICK to WILLIAM PAYNE. Q. Were you in the coach with Darby and the prisoner? A. I was in a coach when I took the prisoner out of the Compter - Darby was not with me.
Q. Were you not in a coach at any time with the prosecutor and prisoner? A. No, neither going to the Alderman nor coming to Newgate; I was not in the coach after I came to Guildhall - I was on the coach-box coming to Newgate; the other officer was in the coach: the country note found on the prisoner was for 1l. - I found no sovereign nor silver on him; there were three bills of exchange, at three month's date, all over-due.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Life
            .
