





1782. 
               
                  WILLIAM THOMAS 
                  WELLS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 9th of September
, 1 pair of shears, value 8s., and 200lbs. of nails, value 5l., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Woods
                     



                   and 
                     
                        John 
                        Woods
                     



                  , his masters
            .
WILLIAM WOODS. I am in partnership with my brother John - we live in New Castle-street, Fleet-market


, and deal in nails

; the prisoner has been four months in our employ. On the 9th of September he left work, and was to return on Monday the 11th, but did not; he had given no notice - he had borrowed 3s. upon the next weeks wages; on Monday I missed these nails and shears from the shop he worked in; I found two bags filled with straw instead of nails; I informed an officer - we found him in Smithfield, and found a duplicate of the shears on him; he said he had pawned them, but would work them out; he said he knew nothing of the nails, but nobody besides him had been in the place.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HAMPSTEAD
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Nichols, a pawnbroker, of Gray's-in-lane. I have a pair of sheets pawned in the name of Wells, on the 9th of September; I think it was by the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WORRALL
               



            . I am an officer. I went with Mr. Wood and the prisoner's father, to an old iron shop on Saffron-hill, kept by Johnson, and found some nails.


                  RICHARD 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a rag and iron merchant, at No. 85, Saffron-hill. The prisoner brought these nails, and asked if I would buy them - my man said he knew him, and I bought them.
Mr. WOOD. I shewed these nails to the prisoner - he said he had sold them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GURRELL
               



            . The prisoner came to me in July, and asked if I wanted any tin-tacks; he said he served Shepherd, and stocked him - I bought some of him; he said he tinned a good many, and the tin made them overweight; that he kept a few back, and then sold them; I gave him 7d. a pound.
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me 7d. at first, and then only 3d.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
