






937. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WHITAKER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RICHARDS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-houseof 
                     
                        
                           Charlotte 
                           French
                        




                     
                  , about three o'clock in the forenoon on the 25th of June
 (she and others being therein), and stealing therein one clock, value 3 l., and one funnel, value 1 s., her property
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HASSELL
               



            . I am patrole of St. Sepulchre. On the 25th of June, between two and three o'clock in the morning, (it was day break) I saw the prisoner coming out of the back door of the Red Lettuce, public-house, Frogwell-court, Charter house-lane


. I went up to the door which is in a kind of passage, and they rushed back again. One of them had a clock, and Richards had some other things. There was three of them but one escaped. They all had something. When they saw me, Richards threw the funnel at me, the clock was dropped. I called for assistance and laid hold of Richards, he got from me in the scuffle, and threw his coat and handkerchief off. The watchman secured him. I am sure he is the same man. I only lost sight of him on turning the corner. Whitaker got behind me, and passed by me as I was scuffling with Richards - he was secured within fifty yards of the place. I knew him before, and am certain of him. The clock was found just outside the door.
Prisoner RICHARDS. Q. Are you sure I came out of the house - A. Yes, I struck him as he came out.


                  DANIEL 
                  FRENCH
               



            . My sister Charlotte keeps the Red Lettuee public-house. I slept there. I was up last on the night before the 25th of June, and fastened the house up; the back door was fastened with a bolt and chain inside - every thing was safe when I went to bed. I was alarmed about half-past two o'clock by the cry of Thieves! I jumped out of bed, and came down stairs, and found the back door open, and the bar window open. I found the back door had been opened by a small instrument, the chain could be unbooked by putting a wire between the door and post. There were marks inside the front door, as if they had tried to get out there; the clock laid in the yard.
Q. Where was the clock before - A. It was nailed up to the wainscot in the tap-room. It was hooked to the wall at the top, and nailed at the bottom with a nail three inches long.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. It was nailed to the timbers of the house - A. Yes.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  FRENCH
               



            . I keep the public-house
. On the 23rd of June, between two and three o'clock, I was alarmed. The property is mine.
RICHARDS'S Defence. I saw the door open, went in to call the landlord, nobody answered; the watchman seized me.
WHITAKER'S Defence. I heard an alarm, ran up and the watchman took me.
The Court ruled that the clock being a fixture could not be a subject of felony under this indictment.
RICHARDS - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
WHITAKER - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
Of stealing the funnel only.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Halroyd
