






1690. 
               
                  ANN EASTON


               
             and 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     YOWBAND
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of August
, 1 watch, value 8l.; 1 watch-chain, value 25s.; 2 seals, value 10s., and 1 key, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Ashton
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ASHTON
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live in St. Martin's-lane. On the 14th of August, about twelve o'clock at night. I was in King-street, Covent-garden


, walking there, looking for a friend of mine, who I had lost - I was rather fresh - I had a watch in my fob, and felt it taken - I called out to the watchman; I believe it was a female who took it; I saw no man - I made a noise to the watchman, and told him I had lost it - I have found it since.
Q. Did you tell the Magistrate the prisoners had been talking to you? A. I did not; for I could not swear to them.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. You admit that you had drank a great deal? A. I had been with friends and drank took much. I could not have been long in the street.
Q. How many women had you been drinking with? A. I do not know - nor how many I had been talking to. I have some recollection of crying out of the watchman, and some women were about me. I lost a snuff-box also, and a handkerchief.


                  JOHN 
                  NICHOLLS
               



            . I am shopman to Messrs. Graham and Co., of Tothill-street. I have a seal and key pawned by Easton, in the name of Ann Wilson, about a quarter-past seven o'clock in the morning of the 15th of August.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON JACKSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Tothill-street. I have a chain and seal pawned by Easton, on the 15th of August, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning.


                  ROBERT 
                  MARKS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Tothill-street. I have a gold watch, pawned on the 15th of August, between one and two o'clock in the afternoon, by Easton to the best of my belief.


                  MICHAEL 
                  RAGAN
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 14th of August, I was on duty at the top of King-street, and saw Yowband and another woman running up a turning; the prosecutor came up and said "They have got my watch,""Which?" said I - "Those two women" said he. I ran and took Yowband in Bird-in-hand-court. I brought her back, and he said, "You have got my watch;" she said,"You know what I have got." I said, "If you have got it, give it him;" she then said she had not got it - he gave charge of her, and I took her to the watch-house, She then said she had given it to a woman named Smith, whom I went to take, but could not find. I cannot swear who was the other woman that was with her.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. I suppose the prosecutor was tolerably gone in liquor? A. Yes he was.


                  ANN 
                  HALL
               



            . My husband is a stone-mason. I did not know the prisoners till the morning of Tuesday, between nine and ten o'clock, when Easton came to my place with 
               
                  Kitty 
                  Smith
               



             - they came in and sat down. Smith took from Easton a handkerchief which was warpped up clumsily - she put the handkerchief into my hand, and said it was for me to keep till the middle of the day, I looked at Easton, and said, "There are two of you - I want to know what is in this." I gave it back, and they opened it; there was a watch in it, which looked like this one. They came again, and left a snuff-box and duplicate with me.


                  JOHN 
                  HICKS
               



            . I am a constable. About twelve o'clock at night, on the 14th of August, Yowband was brought into the watch-house; she said she had not the watch, but would tell me where to find it - if I went to No. 5, Viuegar-yard, and searched closely, I should find it, as Kitty Smith had got it. I went and found Smith's husband in bed, but she was not there; next morning, I went to Hall's, in Vine-street, and found this duplicate and a snuff-box.(Property produced and sworn to.)
EASTON'S Defence. I am perfectly innocent. I was not in Yowhand's company - I was in custody at the time the watch was pawned.
EASTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
YOUBAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Life
            .
