






136. 
               
                  JANE 
                  MILNE
               




             and 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  TIBBLES
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of November
, from the person of 
                     
                        Samuel Vardy 
                        Read
                     




                  , a watch, value 30 l.; a chain, value 5 l.; two seals, value 4 l.; a key, value 15 s.; a pencil case, value 5 s.; a comb, value 2 s.; a purse, value 4 s.; four sovereigns, and two 5 l. Bank notes, his property
            .
SAMUEL VARDY REID. I am a master mariner
, and live at No. 15, Commercial-place, Commercial-road. On the evening of the 25th of November, between nine and eleven o'clock, I met the prisoner Milne, between Leadenhall-street, and the Minories - I was intoxicated. I went with her to No. 2, Hairbrain-court, Blue Anchor-street, Rosemary-lane


, and slept there the whole night. I had a gold watch a chain, and two seals attached to it - I am sure I had it when I went into the room with her. I cannot say where I put it - there were no other persons in the room that I know of. I had a purse in my pocket, with two 5 l. notes, and four sovereigns in it. I awoke about half-past six o'clock in the morning, she was then gone. I missed my watch, chain, seals, purse, silver pencil-case, and pocket comb - I did not hear her leave the room. I cannot be positive whether any other person was in the room. I gave information, and she was taken into custody that day.
Prisoner MILNE. Q. Did you not give me the watch to take care of, till you asked me for it? A. I cannot tell whether I did or not; but if I did, it was only in trust till the morning. I cannot say that I did not give her the purse and notes.


                  THOMAS 
                  MEAKIN
               



            . I am an officer of Billingsgate Ward. I know this house, it is in the parish of Whitechapel. On the 26th of November, about one o'clock in the morning, I was at the Queen's Head, public-house; the two prisoners came in to get something to drink - they were served at the bar, and then it was made known that there was a bed wanting; the landlady said "Who is it for;" Tibbles said "For my daughter, I have married her mother:" the landlady then said "Do you want a bed too," Yes, said he; Tibbels was feeling for money to pay for the two beds, and pulled out this watch. I stopped them both - the watch, seals, and chain were claimed by the prosecutor two days afterwards. I found no purse, but found the pencil-case, and comb, and one sovereign in the bosom of the female prisoner; the watch, a 5 l. note, and a double sovereign on the man.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MILNE'S Defence. He gave me these articles to take care of till he asked me for them, and I gave them to this old man to keep, as I was much in liquor. Tibbles then asked me to give him a glass.
TIBBLES Defence. I met Milne on Tower-hill, and she gave me the watch to take care of. We had a glass of brandy. I lent her some money to pay for it - she said she would take a bed there - I thought I had better get a bed there too, and give her the property in the morning.
MILNE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
TIBBLES - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
