







1143. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROBINS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     HAGAN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RICHARDSON
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of June
, a handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Owen
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
Mr. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  OWEN
               



            . I am an upholsterer
, and live at Haverford-West, in Pembrokeshire. I was in London on the 9th of June, and had a handkerchief taken from me about twelve o'clock, while I was walking along Marlborough-street


. I am quite sure I had it in my pocket when I went out, about half an hour before. As I was knocking at the door of the house I lodged at in Marlborough-street, an officer came and said
"You have been robbed." I felt in my pocket and my handkerchief was gone. I saw an officer take it from the prisoner Robins - two other officers had the other prisoners.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
ANGELIOUS BERTRAUN. I am a special constable of St. James's. I saw the three prisoners in company in Wardour-street, and watched them - they went down Oxford-street, and towards Marlborough-street. At the corner of Poland-street, I saw the prosecutor going towards Marlborough-street from the Pantheon - they turned down Poland-street after him - a corner of his handkerchief hung out of his pocket, they followed him about five yards, and took it from him in Poland-street. I could not see which of them took it, as there was a dray in the street, and while they were passing that they took it. I was on the opposite side; just as Mr. Owen got to the head of the horses, I saw the hand of one of them lifted up above the wheel of the dray, they then walked on before the gentleman and turned down Marlborough-street, he stopped at a house, I believe No. 2. I went to him and said,
"Sir, you have lost your handkerchief." He said yes, while I was speaking to him Roberts seized two of the prisoners - I ran and attempted to seize the other, he ran away and was stopped by Green. Roberts took the handkerchief from him, and I have had it ever since. They were all in company when I first saw them, but Hagan stopped to look at something in the street, and then ran and joined them.
Cross-examined by Mr. CRESSWELL. Q. Was there notan organ in the street - A. Yes, and Hagan stopped to listen, and then joined his companions before the robbery was committed.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I was in company with Bertraun, who pointed the prisoners out to me in Wardour-street; they were together at first, but Hagan stopped to hear an organ for a short time; he then ran and joined them near the Pantheon. I saw Mr. Owen turn into Poland-street, they were behind him - they turned after him and got close behind him; there was a dray standing near Marlborough-street; while they were passing that, Bertrand said they had taken the handkerchief, but I did not see them take it; he told the gentleman of it; I took hold of Robins and Richardson, they did not ask me why I took hold of them. Hagan ran away, and was stopped by Green within four or five yards. I found the handkerchief on Robins between his waistcoat and shirt.
Cross-examined by Mr. CRESSWELL. Q. Have you ever been in trouble yourself - A. Yes, for locking up two men - I was held to bail. I got into a row once, about ten years ago, one night in a public house, and there was a charge against me for felony, but the Grand jury threw the bill out.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
ROBINS Defence. As I was going down Poland-street, I saw the handkerchief and put it into my bosom.
RICHARDSON'S Defence. As I was going down Poland-street, and the others going before me, the officer came and took me.
ROBINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
HAGAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
RICHARDSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.






               Transported for Life
            .
