





1336. 
               
                  GEOGRE 
                  DYER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
. 33 lbs. of filberts, value 30 s.; and a bag, value 1 s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DUNCE
               



            . I am carter to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               



            . On the 29th of September, about one o'clock I was at Day and Martin's, No. 97, High-Holborn


. I stopped to take out two empty casks - I had a bag of filberts in my cart, which weighed about 33 lbs. I was absent about a minute and a half, and when I got up into the cart, the horse was going on; but I saw the sheet had been moved. I stopped to look, and missed the filberts - they could nothave slipped out - I saw the bag at Bow-street the same evening about half-past seven o'clock.


                  THOMAS 
                  BATTY
               



            . I am a porter. I saw the cart standing at Day and Martin's - I saw the prisoner and a man in company with him, who pointed across the way - the prisoner then got on the shafts of the cart and took out the bag: it fell into the kennel - he then took them up: I followed him to the other side of Saffron-hill; he then pitched his load: I asked what he had got there - he said he did not know: I said I thought I knew, and he had better come back with me, I took him to Day and Martin's.
(Bag produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was standing by Day and Martin's - two young men came and said, did I want a job, and would I earn 1 s. - I said Yes, and then as I was going along with the bag I was stopped,



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
