







Second Jury, Before W. Arabin, Esq.
787. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COLE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BRANSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of March
, 27 lbs. of lead, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Robbins
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .
WILLIAM ROBBINS. I live at Bethnal-green


. On the 3d of March, about half-past four or five o'clock in the afternoon I was at home, and heard a noise in the adjoining house, which belongs to me, and is unoccupied. I went round to the back of the house, and in the kitchen found two rolls of lead. A friend who was with me watched outside while I examined the house; I found the prisoners on the roof, and asked what they were doing there; they made no answer. I gave an alarm. Branson said he came up to see what the other was about. I brought him down, and gave him in charge. I compared the lead next day with the roof - it tallied exactly, and measured eight feet; it had been ripped and cut.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. You found the lead in the kitchen - A. Yes; they had thrown it from the roof into the kitchen, as the floors were not boarded.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PATTISON
               



            . I am a scale-maker. I was with Robbins, and found the lead as he has stated. I found Cole concealed in the chimney.


                  JAMES 
                  ESSEX
               



            . I have the lead, and matched it next morning - it tallied exactly.
COLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
BRANSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
