





779. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of April
, 24 lbs. of ham, value 4 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hawley
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARBOUR
               



            . I am porter to 
               
                  William 
                  Hawley
               



            , who is a cheesemonger
. On the 1st of April I went to the wharf with four hams. The prisoner came up to me in Church-lane, and said I had got a heavy load, and offered to assist me. Another man walked by his side - he went a good way with me, and I saw him put his hand over the truck. I stopped - he said,
"Go on," - but I said I could do it myself, and did not want any more of his help - he said if I gave him a pint of beer, he would assist me all the way. I refused. I walked round the truck, and a ham was almost off - I replaced it, went on, and when I got to Tower-hill, in the alley, they were right, but on getting twelve yards further one was gone. I found it at the office - it was about two o'clock in the day.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  RICHARD 
                  CARTER
               



            . On the 1st of April I saw the prisoner in East-Smithfield, about one hundred and fifty yards from this truck, with a ham on his shoulder - he went at a very quick rate, and about the middle of White's yard threw it away, and escaped, and next morning was taken.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRAY
               



            . I am an officer. On the 2d of April I apprehended the prisoner in Chandler-street, and said it was on suspicion of a robbery. He said,
"What for a ham?" I said,
"Yes." he said he picked it up.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up on Tower-hill.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
