







780. 
               
                  BENJAMIN 
                  HOWE
               




            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLSWORTH
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  FORBES
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, two boots, value 7 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Ralph 
                  Wilcoxon
               




            .
Howe pleaded




               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Confined Three Months
            .

RALPH WILCOXON. I am a shoemaker
, and live in Berwick-street, St. James's


. I lost these two boots from my shop on the 17th of March - I had seen them safe about seven o'clock in the evening, and saw them again about a quarter before eight.


                  DANIEL 
                  REARON
               



            . On the night of the 17th of March, I was in Wardour-street; I saw the prisoner, Holsworth, and Howe together; Forbes was close behind them; I followed them up Wardoor-court; they turned to the right, towards the prosecutor's shop, and remained there four or five minutes; I then I saw Howe run by the shop, and when he got past I saw something under his jacket: the other two were then standing in the road, opposite the door: Howe ran towards me: I laid hold of him; he dropped one boot and I took the other from under his arm: I took him to the watch-house, and we found the others near Golden-square.


                  ANGELIUS 
                  BETRANN
               



            . I was in company with Rearon. I saw the prisoners all in company, near the prosecutor's shop: I saw Howe come from the shop towards us, and drop one of the boots from under his coat: the other two prisoners ran off directly - we took Howe and found the others again in Broad-street, Golden-square.
Prisoner FORBES. I never saw Howe in my life till we got to the watch-house - I had not been in that street at all.
HOLSWORTH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
FORBES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
