





371. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     CUTLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of January
, 2 pairs of boots, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Clarke
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  CLARKE
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live in Fleet-street


. On the 14th of January, about half-past five o'clock in the evening, I was in the back shop - these boots were in the front; I did not see them taken - they were recovered a short time after.


                  SUSAN 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I live with Mr. Clarke. I and him were engaged in the back shop - I heard a noise in the front shop, and saw the prisoner going out with the boots in his hand; he turned round, and immediately ran out -I pursued him; he went about two doors from the shop, saw me following, and immediately ran - I am quite certain he is the person; he ran down Poppin's-court - I saw him stopped at the bottom of it - it leads to Harp-alley; he dropped the boots in the middle of the court: there were two pairs - there was nobody in the front shop; I have not the slightest doubt of his person.
Prisoner. I was stopped in Fleet-market? A. He had not got into the market.


                  JAMES 
                  PRATT
               



            . I am a plumber, and live in Storey-street, Commercial-road. I was passing Mr. Clarke's door, and a young lad hallooed out Stop thief! I saw the prisoner run with the boots in his hand - I ran after him; he dropped the boots about the middle of Poppin's-court- I did not see him drop them, but missed them out of his hands; I stopped him myself - he got to the end of Harp-alley; I never lost sight of him.


                  JAMES 
                  BRADLEY
               



            . I am a day-patrol. I was at St. Bride's watch-house when the prisoner was brought in; Mr. Clarke brought me the boots.
Prisoner's Defence. I was running down Harp-alley, but never had the boots.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
