





205. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MASTERS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of December
, ten handkerchiefs, value 50 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Giles 
                        Redmayne
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Redmayne
                     



                  , privately in their shop
            .


                  JAMES 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Giles and Thomas Redmayne, linen-drapers

, New Bond-street


. On the 9th December, the prisoner came about ten yards inside the shop, and asked for a yard of galloon, which would come to about 1 1/2 d.; he was served by Nightingale; one of my masters was in the shop at the time, but he is not here - the prisoner then went to a part of the counter, where the handkerchiefs were, but did not stand there long; Nightingale had given him change, and he found he had given him a halfpenny short; he saw the prisoner hurrying out of the shop, and followed him to the door; I saw these ten handkerchiefs at the office; they had our mark upon them, and are worth about 50 s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY NIGHTINGALE
               



            . I was serving the prisoner with a yard of galloon; he gave me 6 d., and I gave him change. I did not notice any handkerchiefs near him - I said he must owe me a farthing, as I had not one, and then I found I had given him a halfpenny short - I went after him to give it him, and saw him go behind a coach; I did not then know that he had taken any thing; I went up to him, and he ran away to the next street - I still followed him, and saw the handkerchiefs on the ground near him; they could not have fallen from any other person - I took hold of him; he was too strong for me, and got away; I pursued him, and did not lose sight of him, except for a minute, while he turned the corner - I am certain he is the person.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was full twenty yards from the handkerchiefs; I was running down a turning, which is no thoroughfare, and was stopped.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
