






761. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  LAMB
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SLAUGHTER
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st February
, two asses, price 30 s.
            , the property of the 
               
Earl of Harcourt




            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am one of the under keepers of Windsor Great Park, between Windsor and Hounslow, in the country of Middlesex


. Hearing that the prisoners were in custody, I went to the Magpie public house, and found the asses there; I knew them to be the Earl of Harcourt's; they were marked with this brand iron on each foot, W. H.; the prisoners lived within half a mile of where the asses were taken from; I saw them on the 25th of February, about the middle of the day and had seen them in the Great Park on Monday, the 21st, about twelve o'clock.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SAWYER
               



            . I am a horse patrol of Bow-street. I apprehended the prisoners on Monday, the 21st of February, about ten minutes before twelve o'clock at night, at Arlington corner, opposite a public-house, about six or seven miles from the Great Park; they were driving the asses before them; I asked whose they were, and Lamb said they belonged to his partner's father - I asked Slaughter if they belonged to his father - he said Yes; I asked what they were going to do with them; he said to take them to Smithfield market to sell; I said
"What, on Friday, do you mean?" they said Yes; I said
"What, keep them till Friday?" they said they had a man there who would receive them of them; Lamb said he was a bricklayer's labourer, and Slaughter said he was a farmer's man. I took them to my own station, about three hundred yards from the place; kept the asses till the next morning, when they were claimed by Phillips, as Lord Harcourt's property - I saw the marks on their hoofs, and have no doubt they were made with this branding iron.


                  STEPHEN 
                  LEE
               



            . I am a horse patrol. I was at the station - Sawyer brought the prisoners to me - I took one of them and he kept the other.
LAMB'S Defence. We were coming to town to look for work and found the two donkies - we were going to drive them to Slough, to see for an owner - we should have left them there.
LAMB - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
SLAUGHTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
