





969. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     GROVE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of July
, one pocket-book, value 4 s. the goods of Justice


                        Errick 
                        Bollman
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JUSTICE ERRICK BOLLMAN, M.D.
 I live in Sloane-street, On the 15th of July I was in St. Paul's Church-yard


. I had a bustle behind me, and on turning round I saw a gentleman, who called
"Stop thief!" he pursued a person, and soon after, I saw the person pursued throw a pocketbook over the railings on the north-side. He was secured and brought back. It was the prisoner. The pocket-book was picked up; I found it was mine. I had felt it safe ten minutes before.


                  JOHN 
                  ALFORD
               



             CHOWN. I live near Wimbledon. I was passing through St. Paul's Church-yard, about two o'clock in the afternoon, and met three or four men, who I suspected. I turned round, and followed them five or six yards, I then saw three of them close upon Dr. Bollman, I am sure the prisoner was one of them. I saw they were picking his pocket, but could not see which hand did it; and at the same instant I saw one of them give the prisoner a pocket-book. I collared the prisoner and another, both struggled to get from me; the prisoner succeeded in getting away with the pocket-book. I let go of the other, and ran after him, and saw him throw the pocket-book over the rails. A person came up, and made a desperate effort to knock me down as I was pursuing the prisoner. He was secured before I lost sight of him, and I am sure he is one of them. I climbed over the rails, and got the pocket-book, which Dr. Bollman claimed.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
