





London Cases, Before Mr. Recorder.
1004. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of August
, four nose bags, value 20 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Holyland
                  







                  LUKE 
                  REDMAN
               



            . I am carman to 
               
                  John 
                  Holyland
               



            , a cart owner
, of Broken-wharf, Thames-street


. On Saturday night, the 9th of August, these nose bags were hung in the stable. I left the yard gates locked about ten o'clock at night; nobody could get over them - I returned about five o'clock in the morning, and missed these four bags, and found the prisoner in custody with them. He knew the premises well.


                  JAMES 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 10th of August, between one and two o'clock in the morning, Murray brought the prisoner to the watch-house; he had two nose bags, and I found two more concealed under his clothes - he said he got them from a person who kept night carts.


                  BARNARD 
                  MURRAY
               



            . I am a watchman. Between one and two o'clock in the morning, the prisoner passed me in Great Distaff-lane, coming in a direction from Mr. Holyland's; he said he was going to Mr. Knight's, in Goswell-street, for victuals for his horses; that he was in Knight's employ, and had two nose bags in his hand. I took him to the watch-house, and found two more concealed under his jacket - he then said he had left Knight's carts on Bread-street-hill.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
