





1129. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WADWORTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of August
, an ass, price 2 l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Johnson
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a labourer
, and live at Old Brentford. On the 7th of August my ass was in a field at Edgware fair


, at half-past eight o'clock in the evening; it was then safe. I had been offered two guineas for it. Next morning it was gone. The prisoner had bought several things of me at the fair that day. About nine o'clock next morning I saw him selling it on Hampstead Heath, and secured him. He had two other asses with him.


                  JOHN 
                  SCOLE
               



            . I let out chaise and donkeys, at Hampstead. On Friday morning, about half-past eight o'clock, I saw the prisoner driving three asses over the Common; I asked if they were for sale; he said, Yes; he asked me 1 l. for that claimed by Johnson, and afterwards said 15 s. Johnson came up and claimed it. I assisted in securing him.


                  THOMAS 
                  MUNDAY
               



            . I took the prisoner into custody. The prosecutor claimed the ass.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought two donkeys at the fair for 35 s. I got to Hampstead in the morning, and found this ass with them, and could not beat it away. I was stopped by a man, who asked the price of them; I said it was not mine; and while we were bargaining the prosecutor came up and claimed it.


                  SAMUEL 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I saw him at the fair two or three times that day; he had no ass them. I found it in his possession about nine o'clock in the morning; I traced him by inquiry. It was a male.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
