






1336. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BATTY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PRATT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of October
, one coat, value 12 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Palmer
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Dolly, a fellmonger, who lives at Old Ford. I was in Whitechapel, going home, my coat was buttoned under the pole of the waggon - I saw it safe near the Salmon and Ball, public-house, Bethnal-green


, and missed it about a quarter of a mile further. I had seen the prisoners following the waggon from Mile End to the Salmon and Ball, public-house. They were walking together, sometimes round the waggon, and then on the footpath; they must get under the waggon to get it. I was by the side of the horses. Two gentlemen came by in a chaise, and said they were running away with it. I stopped my horses, went on a bank, and saw Batty three or four hundred yards off, with a coat under his arm. Pratt was two or three paces before him, I followed, Batty dropped the coat into a ditch, and then walked away. I caught hold of him - he said he did it from want. Pratt ran off and was taken in about an hour. I am sure he is the boy.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUDSON
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoners in charge. Pratt had been stopped.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BATTY'S Defence. I saw it laying in the road, and picked it up.
BATTY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PRATT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Confined Six Months
             and 



               Whipped
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
