





1440. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WICKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of July
, 16 yards of woollen cloth, value 10l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Mounsey
                        




                     
                   and another, in the dwelling-house of Philip Foxwell
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  JARDINE
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Mounsey
               



             - we carry on business at No. 29, Basinghall-street


; Mr. Foxwell does not live in the house, but two of his servants live there to protect the property - he does not carry on business there, and has no property there; we rent the lower part, and are woollen-drapers
. Between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning of the 8th of July I had this cloth in my hands; a friend called on me soon after eleven and gave me information - I had placed the cloth on a pile near the door and missed it; the postman had come into the counting-house, which is at the bottom of the warehouse, and delivered a letter to me - he left the door open; I ran across to the Justice-room, Guildhall, and found Morgan, the officer, in possession of my cloth and the prisoner.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAM MORGAN
               



            . I am a constable. I was in Coleman-street between ten and eleven o'clock, and saw the prisoner and another person - I suspected, and followed them through White Rose-court into Basinghall-street, they went towards London-wall - I missed the prisoner for a short time, and his companion was standing opposite the prosecutors' - when he moved I saw the prisoner with the cloth on his shoulder about ten yards from the prosecutor's door; I could not see him come out of the door as the street turns there; I let him walk on, the other crossed over to him, and I caught hold of both - the prisoner threw the cloth down: the other man said, "You don't want me, Sir, let me go;" he struck me in the face, and got away; I kept hold of the prisoner, got assistance, and took him before the Alderman; Mr. Jardine got there almost as soon as I, and claimed it.


                  FRANCIS 
                  NEVETT
               



            . I am a watchman of Queenhithe ward. I was coming along London-wall about eleven o'clock, there was a mob - I looked, and saw this piece of cloth on the ground - the officer and prisoner were there; he seemed resolute, and I assisted in securing him.
MR. JARDINE. I am positive of this cloth, it has my private mark on it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was asked to carry it for a man as far as Finsbury-square for sixpence.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not in a dwelling-house
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
