







311. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     NUGENT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EVAN 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of December
, two books, value 5 s.; a hearth rug, value 6 d.; a cork screw, value 1 s.; three knives, value 3 d.; and five forks, value 3 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Riddle
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to belong to 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fletcher
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Burton
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jossee
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Reid
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Reid
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ALMOND
               



            . I am inspector of the watch. On the 27th of December, at a quarter to three o'clock in the morning, I went to the Chapel, in White's-row, Spitalfields


, unlocked the iron gate in front of the chapel, and found the inner gate open - we went to the chapel door, and found that open. Barrs, who was with me, said there was a light in the chapel. I called out,
"Who is there?" The prisoner Thomas rushed by him and came-by me. I pursued and caught him in the chapel yard, took him to the watch-house, and on returning, in a minute or two, met Nugent, and took him, as he appeared to be coming in a hurry. I found his hands very muddy. I took him to the chapel, where Barrs was, and in his hat found two matches. Barrs said he was the man who had got over the chapel wall; there was a great deal of mud under the wall.


                  JOHN 
                  BARRS
               



            . I was with Almond - we have the keys of the chapel. I saw a light in the Vestry, went in, and found a piece of candle in a person's hand - it was puffed out in a moment. Thomas rushed out and was secured. I ran and saw Nugent getting over the wall, and cut at him with my cutlass; called Stop thief! and Almond brought him back. The Vestry-room shutter was broken to pieces, and by it I found a crow-bar, tinder-box, flint, steel, and matches, and an iron wedge under the door. - Some knives and forks had been moved, and laid by the door; a piece of carpet was taken up and thrown into the yard, several books were moved, and a strange bag was left there. Nugent was cut in four or five places by the broken glass on the wall.


                  ELIZA 
                  RIDDLE
               



            . I have the care of the Vestry, and left the pew-opener there between three and four o'clock on the 26th; the books produced were on the top shelf of the cupboard, they were found on the bottom shelf, and were under my care; my husband's name is William; the knives and forks are his, and had been moved.


                  ANN 
                  RHYMES
               



            . I was the last person at the chapel, and left all safe. I locked the door.
NUGENT'S Defence. I was going home, and ran, as it was late. This man took me.
THOMAS'S Defence. I was nearly out of the gate when this man took me, standing there hearing a row.
NUGENT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
THOMAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
