





1147. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     COMTE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of May
, 2 fixtures, (i.e.) 2 locks, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Percival
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building
            .


                  HENRY 
                  PERCIVAL
               



            . I am the son of James Percival: he lost two locks on the 31st of May, affixed to a house of his - they were safe the night before; one was on the front door, and one below in the kitchen: we received information that the door was found open the next morning, at nine o'clock - I believe these to be my father's locks; there were such missing from his doors - there is no mark upon them.


                  JOHN 
                  GASKIN
               



            . I am a Thames police-surveyor. At five o'clock in the morning, on the 31st of May, I saw the prisoner coming from the house, putting something under his coat - there was another person with him tallerthan himself; I caught the prisoner, and the other ran away; I said, "What have you got here?" he said, two locks which he had bought at an iron stall in Whitechapel, and he was going to take them to Homerton - I searched him, and found two keys, some picklock-keys, and a knife ground down to imitate a screw-driver: I put him into custody, and went after the other, but could not get him.


                  SOPHIA 
                  WELLS
               



            . I was walking out about five o'clock in the morning, and saw two young men before me - I went on to Dog-row; on turning back, I saw the door of the prosecutor's house open - the officer came and asked if I had seen a door open; I said, Yes, and took him to the house.
JAMES FOGG. I took the locks from Gaskin, and fitted them to the doors - they fitted them exactly; one of the four skeleton-keys opened this lock - the two screws which were found upon him came from this lock.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 29th of May I bought these two locks at an iron stall in Whitechapel for my brother's door, at Homerton; I got up at five o'clock in the morning to go down to him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
