






787. 
               
                  ISABELLA 
                  WILEY
               




            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of April

, two pounds, four ounces of silk, value 5 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Barton
                        



                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            , and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     HEATLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen
            .
MESSRS. ALLEY and LAW, conducted the prosecution.


                  HENRY 
                  DOGGETT
               



            . I live in Skinner-street, Bishopsgate-street. I know Heatley, on the 18th of April, he occupied a room in Spicer-street, Middlesex, the house belongs to me; I saw Kennedy search the room he rented of me, he broke a box open, and found a quantity of silk, he is a narrow velvet weaver.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Had he a wife and family - A. No; Wilcy came to the house some weeksbefore to enquire for somebody, and I saw her there some months before that - I did not see Heatley on the day the house was searched, I do not live there, but have a workshop there; I had seen him within a week before, I did not see him afterwards till he was apprehended; nobody else lived in his room.


                  JAMES 
                  KENNEDY
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. On the 19th of April, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I searched the room in Spicer-street; Barton, Bright, and Wilson went with me, we found the door locked, I broke it open; and in the first box, I found all this silk.
Cross-examined. Q. You found nothing in the second box - A. Yes; a quantity of black silk.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . In consequence of information, I went with a warrant to Coventry, then to Nuneaton - I found Heatley at the King's-head, public-house, Attleborough; he knew me, I told him I had a warrant to apprehend him, for stealing some silk,; he then said,
"It was about that girl." I said, it was, and that it was about Mr. Barton's silk, he said, he did not know Mr. Barton; and if I would behave properly, he would go with me; I brought him to London, and just as we got by the office door, he said,
"I should like to take a twelve month for this."
Cross-examined. Q. When was this - A. On the 24th of April; I knew him before, he has a wife and family at Nuneaton - Attleborough is one mile from there.


                  EDWARD 
                  BRIGHT
               



            . I am a headborough. On the 19th of April, I took the female prisoner; I asked how she meant to dispose of the silk which I found on her, she said, it was her first offence; she then hesitated, and said, she had taken one little parcel before; she afterwards said, she took this silk for the purpose of giving it to a neighbour, who had asked her to get her some - I asked where he resided, she said, she did not know, but she was in the habit of meeting him, at night, in Bishopsgate-street or Sun-street - she lived in a court, in Long-alley, about a mile from Spicer-street.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am gaoler of Worship-street. I was bringing the prisoners to Newgate; they appeared to know each other - as we turned into Smithfield, Heatley said to her,
"You had better give give me that money, for I can take better care of it than you can, you may lose it, and I can send it round to you, as you want it;" Heatley said it was a bad job. They appeared to be acquainted with each other.


                  MARY 
                  MOSS
               



            . I know the prisoners perfectly well. I live at the Three Jolly Weavers, public-house, Wheeler-street, Spitalfields; I have seen them nearly every night for the last year, at supper together, at our house.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . When Heatley's room was searched, I was outside the house, while the officers were up stairs, and saw Heatley come down the steps of the house, into the street - he turned to the left, then up a turning to the right, and ran away.
Cross-examined. Q. He came down the steps - A. He came out of the passage, down the steps; I did not speak to him - Wiley was not there.


                  JAMES 
                  BARTON
               



            . I live in Bacon-street, Bethnal-green



. I have every reason to believe this silk to be mine - I have silk corresponding in size, colour, and every thing; I am a trimming-maker
, Wiley worked in my factory
; the value of a single piece is 4 s. or 5 s.; I never sell it.
Cross-examined. Q. Hundreds may have this sort - A. Yes; but not corresponding as this does; I lost silk, Heatley never worked for me.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BARTON
               



            . I am foreman to my son; and know the silk by the tye, it is certainly my tying; I made it up to give the girls - it is the usual manner of tying.


                  CHARLES 
                  BUSHER
               



            . I am a silk dyer. I believe this to be my dying - It is the colours I generally die for Barton.
WILEY'S Defence. I went to clean this young man's place, in the evening, and left a little bit there, but he knew nothing of it.
WILEY - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
Of Stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Confined Six Months
            .
HEATLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
