





Before Lord Chief Justice Abbott.
793. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CHAMBERS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of February
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 5 shirts, value 2l.; 8 pairs of stockings, value 15s., and 3 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        Stephen 
                        Dennis
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Simms
                     



.
STEPHEN DENNIS. I lodge at the Coach and Horses public-house, Westminster


 - it is kept by George Simms. I had two boxes in my room, which is the front garret - one was at the foot of the bed, and the other (a small one, which was locked and nailed down) was under the bed. - On the 21st of February I found them broken open when I went to bed - I had opened the large box the morning before, and locked it again; there was then three sovereigns in a little purse, a silver watch, and a suit of clothes; I lost the articles stated in the indictment from the two boxes. I went with Mallars and my brother-in-law, and apprehended the prisoner, next day, at a house in Windmill-street, Borough; I went afterwards with Simms, to the house, and found in a drawer in the lower room four shirts, several pairs of stockings, and two or three handkerchiefs; one shirt was taken off his back at the watch-house.
GEORGE SIMMS. I and my sister keep this public-house - we are in partnership, and both live there. The prisoner was our pot-boy and general servant. I missed him about seven o'clock on Wednesday night, the 21st of February, when I wanted him to take out the beer; I went into the privy, and found his working dress, a shoehorn, and an old pair of shoes there; I went next day, with Dennis and the constable three times, and at last found the prisoner at a house of ill-fame, in Windmill-street, near the Cobourg Theatre, in a back room, on the right-hand side of the ground floor - another young man, named Forrester, and three girls were in the room - we afterwards found this property in a drawer there. I saw a shirt taken off his back at the watch-house.


                  GEORGE 
                  MALLARS
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner at this house - some shirts and things were given to me by Dennis, at the watch-house; I saw this shirt taken off the prisoner's back.(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 20.
Of 


               larceny only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
