





1366. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HINSLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of July
, a watch, value 20 s.; a seal, value 10 s.;two keys, value 6 d., and a ring, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        Zaccheus 
                        Coates
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ZACCHEUS COATES. I live in William-street, Manchester-square. On the 29th of July I was in Bentinck-street


, and saw two men in the middle of the street; they parted, and one of them came up to me, pulled out my watch, and ran away; I followed him as fast as I could, and thought that he turned down behind Hind-street chapel; I saw him again in a very few minutes in the watch-house, and thought he was the same person; I knew the colour of his jacket.
Prisoner. The watch-house keeper said,
"All stand round," and we did, and he said,
"Can you say which it was, and you said you could not speak to his face; you said you did not wish to give charge of any person. - Witness. Yes, I did so, but I knew his jacket, and can swear to him by that.


                  THOMAS 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . On the night of the 29th of July, I heard a cry, of stop thief! in Bentick-street, and saw the prisoner running on the opposite side, I tried to stop him, he rushed past me; I followed him, and at last overtook him in Fair-street. The prosecutor said he had lost his watch; I searched the prisoner, and found nothing.
J - BROMLEY. I saw the prisoner running down Bentick-street; I was standing at the corner of Hind-street; he saw me, and ran down Fair-street. He was given into my hands at No. 18, Fair-street, by Edwards, close to the rails of the area.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CROOK
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the cry of Stop thief! we took the prisoner, and searched him, but found nothing on him. A gentleman told me to go back and look into the area; I went, and found a young man at the door with a light. I found the watch-case in one part of the area, and the inside in another.


                  THOMAS 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I had taken the prisoner before the others came up. I was passing Hind-street, and saw him running; he attempted to go down Mary-le-bone-lane; he then ran by me; I caught at him, but missed my aim: he went down Fair-street, put his hand over the rails, and then deliberately laid himself down, and put his hands through the rails. I followed to see what was done, and said to the watchman,
"If you come with me I think we can find the watch." I went home with my wife, and then went to the watch-house, and it was too late; next morning: I went as soon as business would permit to the Magistrates, but it was too late.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going up Mary-le-bone-lane, I heard the cry of Stop thief! I ran, and in Fair-street the watchmen took me, and threw me on the ground.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
