





1185. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BURN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of May
, 24 yards printed cotton, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Ericus 
                  Robinson
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Robinson
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Wilkinson
               



            .
ERICUS ROBINSON. I am a packer


, and live in Hill-street, Finsbury


. I am in partnership with Thomas Robinson and William Wilkinson; the prisoner was our porter
, About a week before the 16th of May I discovered a piece of printed cotton in a box by the corn-bin, covered over with rubbish - I marked it, and left it there; it had been removed from a part of the same room - I kept watch for about a week; and on the 16th of May I saw the prisoner coming in a direction for that room, with a sack on his arm; he went into the cart-lodge; I waited and did not see him come out; before that, he had asked me if he should go next morning with the cart down to the wharf; I said Yes; I kept watch that night, and when the men were gone I went into the cart-shed, and found this print covered with a sack - I left there, and told Garton and Armstrong to be there early in the morning- at five o'clock the prisoner came; I was up, and saw him come in; he went into the stable, and waited about a minute, then went into the cart-house, and brought out the harness, which he put on the horses; he went in again; I saw the straw move; he came out and brought his cart to the gate; he then fetched out the tilt and went out; I went into the shed and missed the print - I ran out, and gave a signal to the officer, who stopped the cart, and found the sack in the tilt, with the print in it; it is the same as I had seen in the trunk.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What was it he asked? A. When I came up, I heard him say, "I have got a tilt in my cart;" he got up and touched it - he did not throw it down; he has been nine years in our employ; he had not quarelled with the other men. I believe many of my men are Catholics - I know nothing of the prisoner having conformed to the Established Church.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARTON
               



            . I was employed to watch - I saw the prisoner drive the cart out; Mr. Robinson took off his hat as a signal - I stopped the cart, and said to the prisoner."What have you got there?" he got up, and began knocking the tilt about; I got up, and found this print in it.
Cross-examined. Q. Was he not going to throw it out? A. No.


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I was with Garton, and confirm his account.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am an innocent man; some men in the factory unknown to me have done it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
