





1287. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     ROACH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 28th of September
, four silver spoons, value 2 l., two silver forks 1 l., and a sheet 7 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Warren
                  




               
            , to whom she was servant
.


                  SARAH 
                  WARREN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Warren
               



            , we live in Eaton-street, Pimlico


 - the prisoner was my servant of all work; she had been with me about three months - we occupy the upper part of the house; my husband is a traveller
 - the lower part is occupied. I missed some silver spoons, some forks, and a sheet, on the 22d of September between eleven and twelve o'clock. I enquired of her if she knew any thing about them, she denied it; I saw them again at Marlborough-street the same evening. I had sent for a constable, but she left the house before he came without giving me any notice - the articles might be worth about 3 l.


                  THOMAS 
                  PITCHER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Barnes, pawnbroker, Panton-street, Haymarket. I have two table spoons, two tea spoons, and two forks, which were pledged by the prisoner, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning of the 22d of September, she stated that her mistress wanted a small sum of money, and we advanced 2 l. on them. I am certain of her, she pawned them in the name of Price for Mrs. Fleming, of Piccadilly; I saw her in custody on the same evening.


                  GEORGE 
                  COOPER PAGE
               



            . I am an apprentice to a pawnbroker, in Lower-street, Pimlico - I took in a sheet of the prisoner on the 31st of August for 2 s., with a shift.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  COLES
               



            . I am a constable. I found the prisoner in Westminster - she told me where she had pledged the articles.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
