





Fourth Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1322. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GROUTHER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of May
, 7 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        James 
                        Lappage
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Jane 
                        Prince
                     



.
JAMES LAPPAGE. I am a mariner
. I arrived in England on the 23d of May, from the East Indies - I lodged at Mrs. Jane Prince's, Beavis-street


. On Saturday, the 26th of May, I received eight sovereigns, as the balance of my wages - I put them into my pocket-book in my pocket - the prisoner was in the office when I received the money - I had been drinking at a public-house with Simmons, a shipmate - the prisoner was slightly acquainted with him - after receiving my money, we all went down to my lodgings, and Simmons persuaded his sister to dress my foot, which a coach wheel had run over the night before - the prisoner had heard me say my arm was bruised, and he persuaded me to pull my jacket off - he had seen me put my money into my jacket pocket - he helped it off, and soon after I saw him go down the steps into the yard, with a pocket-book in his hand - I thought nothing of it at thetime - I was in such pain - he came in again in a few minutes, put the pocket-book on the chair, put my jacket over it, and ran out of the house - I then took up the book, and there was only one sovereign left; he was taken on the Wednesday - I do not know what parish the house is in.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I was with Lappage, at my mother's, Mrs. Prince. I saw the prisoner take the pocketbook out of the pocket, but had no suspicion whose it was - he came up-stairs in about two minutes, and laid it on the chair, and away he ran - I once kept company with his sister, before I went to sea - he was then on board a man-of-war.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I lodge at Prince's. I met the prisoner in Ratcliff-highway on Wednesday, and told him he had robbed my shipmate; he said he had not, and that he did not know me, though he had slept with me on Friday.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I am an officer, and took him in charge. I found only two sixpences on him.


                  JOHN 
                  SWAIN
               



            . I am a watchman, and assisted in taking him.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not see the prosecutor after I got up in the morning.
GUILTY. Aged 27.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
