






536. 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  BROWN
               




             and 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  JOHNSON
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of January
, 1 gold watch, value 8l.; 1 steel-chain, value 6d., and 1 seal, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Matthew 
                        Gibbs
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MATTHEW GIBBS. I am an officer of the Customs
, and live in the Old Bailey. On the 29th of January, between twelve and one o'clock at night, I was on London-bridge


, going towards home - I was rather in liquor - the prisoners met me, and asked me to go home with them - I refused; they turned back with me, and walked to the middle of the bridge - they asked me to treat them; I said I had no money, and there was no house open; they left me, and in less than a minute (before they had got three yards from me) I missed my watch, which I am sure was safe before I met them - I went after Johnson, caught her, and gave her in charge - Brown ran away, but was brought into the watch-house by an officer, about a quarter of an hour afterwards - my watch was found on her; I am quitesure of her, for they stood under a gas-light on the bridge - I was not insensible, but rather in liquor.
Prisoner JOHNSON. Q. Did I not pick up your umbrella? A. No; I had one, but never dropped it.
Prisoner BROWN. Q. Did you not throw your arm round my neck? A. No; I used no familiarities with either of them - I did not go back with them, or treat them at all.


                  JOHN 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am a constable of London-bridge. Gibbs brought Johnson into the watch-house on this charge, and said another woman was in her company - he had been drinking, but was not insensible; I went out, and took Brown on the bridge, going towards the City; she denied the charge - I found the seal in her pocket, and the watch dropped from her.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was coming over the bridge, and heard Gibbs say he had lost his watch; I saw a woman run across the bridge, and followed her, but I could see nothing of her; I returned, and saw Brown looking at the watch in her hand - I went to the watch-house, and told them - they went out and took her.(Property produced and sworn to.)
BROWN's Defence. He gave me the watch to hold for a sum of money.
J. BAILEY. She said nothing about this at the watch-house. BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JOHNSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
