





445. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     RILEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of January
, 36 lbs. of lead, value 4 s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Andrew James 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .


                  JAMES 
                  RAGRAM
               



            . I work for Mr. Cooper, who was building a house in Peter-lane, Cow-cross


. On the 25th of January, I left at six o'clock in the evening; the pipe was in the cellar, fixed to the building. I went on the Monday morning, and fifteen feet of it was gone. The house belongs to 
               
                  Andrew 
                  James Smith
               



            .
(Property produced and sworn to).


                  LOUISA 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . On Sunday, the 26th of January, between one and two o'clock, I was at my window, and saw the prisoner inside the pailing - I live behind these premises; he had a hook in his hand, and went down under the rafters of the house with it.


                  HENRY 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I was with my wife, and saw the prisoner come out of the premises with two pieces of pipe. I informed the officer who was with me, and when he came out the officer took him.


                  THOMAS 
                  HANDLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I went up the court, and stood till the prisoner came out. I asked what business he had there; he said, it was nothing to me. I said,
"What have you got in your pocket;" he said,
"Nothing." I found the two pieces of pipes in his pockets, and another piece in the cellar, with the hook. I compared the pipe, and it matched exactly with what was left, and there was ice in it.
Prisoner's Defence. I had had this pipe three months, and having no money, was going to sell it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
