





536. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 10th of February
, one pair of sheets, value 30 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Barnes
                        




                     
                  , in a lodging-room
            .
SECOND COUNT, not stating them to be stolen from a lodging.


                  RICHARD 
                  HERGEST
               



            . I am a waiter at the Bull Inn, Bishopsgate-street


, which is kept by 
               
                  John 
                  Barnes
               



            . On the 10th of February, between seven and nine o'clock at night, the prisoner came and asked for a bed, after having had a glass of gin and water - he was shewn into his bedroom; I did not see him again until he was apprehended.


                  MARY 
                  POPE
               



            . I am chambermaid at the Bull Inn. I attended the prisoner to his bed-room, and turned down the sheets for him. I asked him for the money for the bed - he said he should not go to bed, he should sit down and write. I went to the room about ten o'clock next morning, the sheets were then gone, and the key of the bed-room door; he had locked it, and taken the key with him - we opened it with another key. He slept in the room No. 24.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in the Borough-market. On the 10th of February, between six and nine o'clock at night, the prisoner pledged a pair of sheets with me. I am confident he is the man. Our shop was open until twelve o'clock.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  EDWARD 
                  JOHN HANDLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner on the 19th of February, and found a quantity of duplicates on him, one of which related to these sheets. I found about a dozen keys on him, one of which had a brass label attached to it, with No. 24, on it; it opened the room door he slept in at the inn.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the tickets of a woman for 2 l. 10 s. I was confined, ill in the hospital at the time they say I was at the inn.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
