





Before Mr. Justice Gazelee.
1614. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     READY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        McCarthy
                     



                  , one 5l. Bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Thompson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a seaman
. I was paid off from the Mercy, sloop, on Friday, the 24th of August. I received twelve 5l. Bank notes, eleven sovereigns, and some silver, at two different offices at Somerset-house - I paid away two 5l. notes that night, to a boatswain; I put the rest into my pocket in a housewife; after that I bought a purse, into which I put eight of the notes and some gold, leaving two notes and the rest of the gold, in the housewife. I slept that night at a lodging-house, kept by McCarthy, near the watch-house - I went to bed about ten o'clock; the prisoner slept in the same bed with me - I put my purse and housewife into my jacket pocket; I put it under my pillow; he came to bed immediately after me. I got up at eight o'clock - my purse and housewife were then in my pocket; I went down, leaving him in bed; we went out together that morning twice; we came in again, and about five o'clock went into the room, and he laid down on one bed and I on the other - when I awoke I asked him who had shut the door, as I left it open, he said he did - I said I could not open it - he got up and opened it; we were out and in, all day together, walking and having grog. I was not quite sober, but knew what I was doing; I went down stairs, and he came down in a few minutes - I felt that my purse and housewife were safe, but did not examine them. I went out between six and seven o'clock to buy something for 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  White
               



            , the landlord's daughter - she went with me; I bought some things at a shop, and on overhauling my housewife, the two 5l. notes were gone, also some gold and silver; the rest of the money was in my purse. I had changed no notes, and only spent a few shillings in liquor - the prisoner was not with me then; White and I came out of the shop and went into a public-house, staid there some time, and there was a good deal of disturbance. I took off my jacket and laid it on the bar; the housewife was in my jacket pocket, but there was no notes in it then. I told Mrs. White to mind it - she said she would; the prisoner was not there - I went out without my jacket; some girls picked me up - I carried them under my arms a little way down the street, and one of them snatched my purse from my pocket. I am sure I had two notes in the housewife.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long had you lodged at McCarthy's? A. Two days; before I received the money, I asked the prisoner to go with me to receive it, but he declined. Mrs. White went by her father's name, Miss McCarthy; she has altered it to White. I went to two public-houses on my way from Somerset-house - I was quite sober all Friday; I had been drinking in the house that evening with the prisoner and other lodgers - there was no quarrel. I did not count my money on Saturday; we only went to two public-houses - I was not drunk; I cannot tell at what house I lost it, but it was before I went to the shop. I passed a girl of the town in the street, but had no conversation with her.
Q. Did you not give the prisoner money that day, to go and dine with? A. No; I am certain of that.
COURT. Q. You and the prisoner went out about eight o'clock in the morning? A. Yes; we came in together about two o'clock - we had been together all the time; we did not dine together that day. I went up to lay in the bed and went to sleep - he laid on the next bed to me; I do not know when he came up, but I found him there when I awoke - that was about five o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  PERREN
               



            . I attend an eating-house, kept by my sister, in Lower East Smithfield. The prisoner came there with Welch, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon; I think it was three weeks ago last Saturday - he called for dinner, which the waiter carried them, and after they had dined the prisoner pulled out a 5l. note, and gave me - I was not in the habit of changing notes, but I did at last, they paid me 1s. 6d.; - I gave him the change. I have the note here, it is No. 18,561, dated the 27th of July, 1827 - it has been in my sister's possession part of the time. I know it to be the same, by two spots of grease which I saw on it when I took it; I took it up stairs to my sister directly, and got it from her on the Monday morning, as the officer brought the prisoner to the house, and asked if he had changed a note there - he asked me the number - I said I could not tell, but I should know it again by two spotsof grease on it. I went up with my sister, picked the note out, and brought it down - I delivered it to my sister again, and got it from her to take to the office, and gave it to her when I returned - I got it from her again on Monday; I am certain it is the same, by the spot of grease on the back, nearly at each end.


                  JOHN 
                  WELCH
               



            . I am a seaman. I had just come on shore - I first saw the prisoner on Thursday, the 23d of August, at the head of the London-docks; I saw him again on Saturday at the dock-gate, he treated me with a dinner at Perren's, between three and four; he asked me to go and dine - I told him I should be better pleased if I was at home than if I had 15l. - he said he was worth nearly that himself; he put his hand into his pocket and pulled out two 5l. notes and four sovereigns - I looked at them in his hand, he put them into his pocket again - he paid Perren one of the 5l. notes at the counter; I asked where he got the money; he said he had wrote home for it - I knew he came from the north-west of Ireland.
Cross-examined. Q. When did you first see the prosecutor? A. On the Monday following - I have since been lodging at McCarthy's.


                  THOMAS 
                  AMES
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner on the 27th of August, and told him the charge; he said Thompson gave him the 5l. note to get his dinner with - I learnt he had changed a note at Perren's, and in going along he told me he had had the note for two or three months, and took it for wages; I took him to Perren's, who produced the note; he said nothing about it - I took the number, which was 18,561.
Cross-examined. Q. When did you make that memorandum of the number? A. I copied it this morning from my book, in which I entered it at the time - he told me two different stories about it within ten minutes; he said he had given Thompson the change - I took him as he was leaving his lodging with his chest, and there was a mob round the door.


                  JAMES 
                  HENRY SCOTT
               



            . I am a clerk in the Navy Pay-office. On the 24th of August I paid Thompson twelve 5l. Bank notes - I do not recollect the dates of them, so as to be able to swear to them; but I was in the office on the 15th of August, when some notes were brought from the Bank - I know the numbers of the notes I paid Thompson were fifty-nines and following numbers, but whether hundreds or thousands I cannot say - they were following numbers; I recollect it from the circumstance of having requested him not to take the whole of it - that is our general practice, as there is danger of their soon getting rid of it.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you your book with you? A. Yes; it is only a memorandum of the payment; the numbers of the notes are not entered. He was an unusual time in the room, which makes me recollect the circumstance.


                  JOHN 
                  HAWKES
               



            . I am a clerk in the Bank. On the 15th of August we paid a draft to the Treasurer of the Navy, and among other notes were two hundred 5l., numbers 18,501 to 18,700, dated the 27th of July.
Cross-examined. Q. Are there not duplicates of Bank notes? A. Not of the same date. I never knew a mistake of that sort, but have heard that it has happened; I paid the draft to a messenger of the Navy.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JUDGE
               



            . I am a Thames Police surveyor. On the 27th of August, I was passing Perren's shop, and saw the prisoner in Ames custody; I asked what it was about; Ames said, he had robbed a man of a 5l. note and changed it there - I asked the prisoner where he got the note, he said, Thompson had given it him to get some victuals with, and he had given him the change. I asked Thompson, who was present, if that was the case; he said, No, it was not, he had given him no note, nor received any change. Perren produced the note - I took the number of it - it was 18,561, dated the 27th of July, 1827 - here is the memorandum which I took at the time.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not the prisoner say they were both drunk? A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. On the Friday I was selling apples in the street; he sent a person to mind my stall, and took me to drink with him - he went into a public-house, and kicked up a row with the landlady - the landlord turned him out; two girls of the town were there; he stripped to fight - I held his jacket; two Jews wanted to hold it, but I would not let them - I slept with him that night, but he did not pull off his clothes - in the morning he went to several places and got drunk; he was flourishing his money about. I took him home; I asked him for some money to get a dinner, and he gave me the 5l. note; he was drunk after that, and laid on the bed - I went and laid on the next bed.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I did not give him any note, nor did he give me any change.
GUILTY. Aged 20.




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
