






1057. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  FOX
               




             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, two sheets, value 4 s.; a blanket, value 3 s., and a caddy, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas Richard 
                        Read
                     




                  , in a lodging-room
            .


                  MARY 
                  READ
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Richard Read
               



            , who is a shoemaker
, and lives in Colt-street, Limehouse


 - the prisoner took a furnished room of us about the end of August or beginning of September, and continued till December - she said she had a husband, but he was not with her - she was to pay 4 s. a week - she left in December, without giving warning - she owed 1 l. 5 s. 6 d. - she left the room locked we broke it open, and missed these articles - they were produced by the pawnbroker before the Magistrate.


                  LOWTHER 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I produce two sheets and a tea-caddy, pawned by the prisoner in the name of Smith, on the 8th of October, 20th of November, and the 24th of December. I am certain of her person.


                  THOMAS 
                  ADAMS
               



            . The prosecutrix gave me the duplicates of this property on Thursday.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. She has had the tickets these four months; and when she found the other woman was bringing an action, then she brought her action.


                  MARY 
                  READ
               



             re-examined. Q. Did you ever summon the prisoner to the Court of Requests - A. No; we summoned the man, not her, some money has been paid.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
