





1163. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PEARSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of June
, a trunk, value 15 s.; two pieces of damask table napkins, containing twelve napkins each, value 6 l.; a table-cloth, value 10 s., four yards of linen cloth, value 6 s., and other articles
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bonnick
               




            .
THOMAS BONNICK. I am carman and book-keeper
 at the Spur Inn, Borough. I had a trunk in my possession, which was to be left till the 16th of June; a gentleman called on that day, and desired it to be sent to the Commercial-road; I took it up to be put into the cart, and gave it to John Falkener, to drive it for me.


                  JOHN 
                  FALKENER
               



            . I am in Bonnick's employ. I took the trunk on the 16th of June, to go to No. 27, Commercial-road - I had to stop in Fenchurch-street


; I did not see any person take it, but in consequence of information I went through Billiter-square, and out into Lime-street - I saw the prisoner there, with the trunk on his shoulder; I went up to him, and he pitched it into my arms, and ran away; I ran after him, and called Stop thief! he was stopped, but not in my sight - I am certain of his person.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What time was this? A. Between five and six o'clock. I had never seen the prisoner before, but I took notice of him when I took this trunk from him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I saw the prisoner on the 16th of June, in company with others, run down Billiter-street, and then into Seething-lane; I cried Stop thief! and pursued - I took him in Seething-lane, between two and three hundred yards from Lime-street; I took him into custody, and brought him back to Falkener; he said,
"What do you want with me? I have done nothing?" Faulkener said,
"This is the man - he has stolen a trunk from my cart." I took him to the Compter. He owned his hat (which had fallen off in the street) when he was before the Lord Mayor.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not he cry Stop thief? A. Yes, but there was no person before him.


                  JANE 
                  HARRINGTON
               



            . I sent this trunk from Kent, with the articles stated in the indictment in it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming down the street, and heard the cry of Stop thief! a man ran past me, and I pursued him. When I got to Seething-lane the officer came, and secured me - my hat fell off, and was taken back to the place where the trunk was dropped; I said the hat was mine, but I knew nothing about the trunk.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
