






302. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BRETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WOODCOCK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of January
, one handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of a man unknown, from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  READ
               



            . I am assistant at Hatton-garden. On the 6th of January, about six o'clock in the evening, I and the witnesses were in the Strand


, and saw the prisoners and another following a gentleman towards Charing-cross. I saw Brett take a handkerchief half out of the gentleman's pocket; the gentleman turned round, and they fell back, then followed him as far as Somerset House. I there saw Brett forward, and the other two covering him, and saw him take the handkerchief out, and give it to Woodcock; I was on the opposite side - the gentleman did not perceive it - all three separated. I went and told the gentleman, and he missed his handkerchief; Thompson shewed it to him, and he claimed it. He said he was a solicitor in the country and could not attend - he would not give us his name or direction.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Read, and saw the prisoners and another following the gentleman; I sent Read forward and kept back myself, supposing they would know me. Before they got to Somerset House I saw Brett close on the gentleman, and the other two covering him - I could not see what he did. Immediately after that Woodcock ran towards me in the middle of the road, fell down and dropped it; the gentlemancame back and claimed it, but would not give his name - they appeared clumsy at the business.


                  CHARLES 
                  JONES
               



            . I was with the witnesses, and saw the prisoners and another following a gentleman. I saw Brett lay hold of the handkerchief twice, but he did not get it out; I again saw him reach his hand towards the gentleman, but a coach passing I saw no more. I secured him immediately.
BRETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
WOODCOCK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
