





1521. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FENNELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of September
, two waistcoats, value 3 s.; two shirts, value 5 s., and one pair of stockings, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Palmer
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  PALMER
               



            . I live in Norfolk. On the 13th of September, I left the Gravesend boat, about one o'clock in the morning, and took my trunk to a public-house in Darkhouse-lane


, and left it there. I returned about eight o'clock that morning, and it was safe. I did not open it till an hour after - I had lost the key. The prisoner came up with me as an acquaintance, and advised me to go and look for a lodging. I broke the trunk open, put a rope round it, and went with him; he left me at a house. I returned about four o'clock, and missed the articles stated in the indictment; he came to the house drunk that night, and was turned out; I followed and charged him with it; he was secured, and part of the things found on him at the watch-house.


                  JOHN 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am a patrol. On the 13th of September I apprehended the prisoner on Palmer's charge. I searched him at the watch-house, and found concealed in his hat a waistcoat and a parcel of tracts, and a pair of stockings in his coat pocket. Palmer claimed them. The prisoner was intoxicated, and said the prosecutor let him have them to sell.


                  GEORGE 
                  WHITAKER
               



            . I am a watchman. I was at the watch-house, and saw the property found on him, and next day I found a shirt and waistcoat, at the Hercules, public-house, Leadenhall-street, which the prosecutor claimed.


                  DANIEL 
                  BOGGIS
               



            . I am a constable. I took charge of the property.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me three shirts and two handkerchiefs to pawn or sell. I sold two handkerchiefs and one shirt at a public-house, and we drank with the money together. He gave me some things to wear myself.


                  JAMES 
                  PALMER
               



            . It is false; I drank but one pot of beer with him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
