






Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
2053. 
               
                  MARIA ESTHER 
                  BACON
               




             and 
               
                  ANN 
                  LANHAM
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of September
, 1 lb. weight of beef, value 6d.; 5 ozs. weight of butter, value 5d.; 1 lb. weight of flour, value 4d.; 1 oz. weight of cheese, value 1d.; 2 lbs. weight of bread, value 6d.; 1 lb. weight of potatoes, value 1d., and 1/2oz. weight of pepper, value 1/2d.
            , the goods of the 
               Governors of the Society for Clothing, Maintaining, and Educating Poor Orphans of Clergymen of the Established Church, in that part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain called England, until of Age to be put Apprentice

            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the property of 
               
                  Sarah Ann 
                  Jones
               



            , widow
.
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  HARRIET 
                  ROBERTSON
               



            . I live at the Clergy Orphan Society's house in St. John's-wood


. On Tuesday, the 30th of September, I opened the window at six o'clock in the morning, I saw Lanham standing opposite the house in a door-way - she beckoned to me, and I went and opened the iron-gate, and she came to it; I had seen her there before; she asked if Mrs. Bacon, the cook, was come down; I said Bacon was not come down, but she would not be long; I told her to go round to the kitchen-door and I would let her in; I did so, and she told me to tell Bacon she was waiting: Mrs. Jones is the housekeeper
 there, and I had spoken to her before; I went up stairs, and told Bacon that the woman who was there the other night was waiting for her; Bacon said she supposed she had brought a letter or some word for her, and asked if I had let her in; I said Yes; she asked why I had let her in, and told me to say she was coming down; I went down and told Lanham - she said she had brought some snuff, and would have brought the spirits but she had no bottle; Bacon came down in about five minutes, and I left them together; I went up to a window, from whence I could have a view of any one going out, and I saw Lanham go down the back way with a bundle under her arm; I told Mrs. Jones, we went out by the iron-gate and round by the wooden gate, where Lanham had just got through - we stopped her; Mrs. Jones asked her what she had got; she said,"Some broken victuals from the cook;" she was then taken into custody.
SARAH ANN JONES. I am mistress at the Clergy Orphan House
. The witness was under my orders; I had received some communication from her, and on the morning of the 30th of September I was on the watch - and about six o'clock, I saw Lanham standing on the opposite side of St John's-wood-road, leaning against a door; Isaw her beckon to some one - the witness went and unlocked the gate - she went in: she had no bundle in her hand then, nor any thing else that I could discover - I went down to the Committe-room, expecting she would go out at the iron-gate, but she did not; the witness then came to me, and gave me information - we went out into the road: I saw Lanham, who had just got through a hole in a wooden gate in the pales at the bottom of the yard - I went up to her; she said she had got some broken victuals - I brought her into the house, and examined the bundle: I found the various articles which are here, with some beef and butter which could not be kept - the constable has had these things ever since; when I engaged Bacon in that establishment. I told her she was not at liberty to give any broken victuals away, nor to have any followers - the kitchen-stuff was to be her perquisite.
COURT. Q. Is there a bell at the iron-gate? A. No, nor a knocker; that is the only place to which a person should come on business, and go out; the wooden gate in the pales, out of which Lanham got, is only used for carts to come in. I am a widow - and all the provision there is under my care; I am responsible for it.
THE REVEREND 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WHARTON
               



            . I am master of the boys at the Clergy Orphan House. I saw the two prisoners in custody; Bacon acknowledged that she had given these things to Lanham.


                  HENRY 
                  RYDER
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for between six and seven o'clock in the morning, on the 30th of September, and took the two prisoners; Mrs. Jones delivered this bundle to me, which she said she took from Lanham - there was about 1 lb. of beef in it, and some butter, which would not keep; here is some bread, flour, potatoes and other things.
BACON'S Defence. I had a great deal to do, and had not time to wash my things - I have had them in water from Monday morning till Friday night; I had sixty-six persons to cook for - I met Lanham one night, and told her to call for my trunk; she called on me, but I told her I thought I should not stop, and it was no use to have my box, and I would eadeavour to wash my things myself; these pieces of bread and other things, Robertson brought from the young ladies table the night before, and said "It is a pity to throw them into the hog-tub;" I said "Yes;" there are many persons come and take them out of the hog-tub, and before I lived there the broken victuals were sold for 2s. a week - the same person came to me and asked for it, but I said I would not make a price of it - if there were any thing to part with I would give it away; Mrs. Jones never gave me any caution.
COURT to MRS. JONES. Q. Was it sold by your knowledge or approbation? A. No, certainly not; I gave her the caution which I have named.
COURT to 
               
                  HARRIET 
                  ROBERTSON
               



            . Q. Had you told her the night before it was a pity that any thing should be thrown in the hog tub? A. No.
BACON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LANHAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Confined Six Months
            .
