





1217. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of May
, 27 carpenter's tools, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Luxton
                     



                  ; 1 saw, value 1s.; 2 trowels, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Felix 
                        Austin
                     



                  ; and 1 cap, value 6d., and 1 axe, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Forsdike
               



            .
GEORGE LUXTON. I am a carpenter
. Here is a basket of tools, part of which are mine - they were all safe on the 22d of May, at seven o'clock in the evening, in an unfinished building in Albany-street, Regent's-park


, in a basket locked up - when I went the next morning, about six o'clock, they were gone - I saw them again at eleven o'clock the same day at Hatton-Garden Office.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I was at work on the morning of the 23d of May at this building - I saw the prisoner twice - he had nothing at first - I then saw him again with a basket of tools - I followed him and gave him in charge.


                  STEPHEN 
                  WOODRIFFE
               



            . I am a watchman, and took him in charge - I have the basket of tools which I took from him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going behind this building; I saw a cap and a smoothing-plane - I took them up, and then saw this basket and took it up - I was going to take care of them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



             re-examined. Q. Did he tell you how he got them? - A. No; I heard a noise in an adjoining house - I locked my door, and saw the prisoner going out as fast as he came in - I followed and gave him in charge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
