





2085. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     BYRNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of October
, 1 pair of spectacles, value 10s.; 1 ring, value 10s.; 3 keys, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.; 1 cap, value 2d.; 1 pocket, value 1d.; 1 bonnet, value 2d.; 1 knife, value 1d.; 1 snuff-box, value 1d.; 1 pencil-case, value 1d., and 3 thimbles, value 1/2d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James Selling 
                  Hewkley
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  SELLING HEWKLEY
               



            . I missed my wife on the 25th of October - I went to look for her, and found her in Bunhill-row watch-house; the officer had got these articles - I knew them all to be mine, and they had been in my wife's possession.
JOHN BROWN. On Saturday, the 24th of October, the prisoner was brought to Bunhill-row watch-house in a state of intoxication - soon after the prosecutor's wife was brought in, and was placed with the prisoner; she was also intoxicated - the prosecutor came in the course of the night to inquire for his wife; we went into the place, and found his wife laying dead and the prisoner was rising from her person - we took the prisoner, and found all these articles on her, which the prosecutor has identified.
THOMAS WALKER. I was in the watch-house when the deceased was brought in; I saw the prisoner there - these articles were found on her - I believe she did not say any thing; I found this bonnet on her head - I took her to Finsbury watch-house in the morning.


                  HENRY 
                  HARRINGTON
               



            . I received charge of the prisoner. I found this ring on her finger, which she said was her own property, and this duplicate which had belonged to the deceased.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was so intoxicated I did not know what I was doing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
