





1984. 
               
                  FRANCES 
                  PATRICK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of October
, 5 yards of lace, value 12s.; 5 yards of ribbon, value 2s.; 1 piece of baize, value 2s.; 1 frill, value 1s. 6d., and 1 book, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas William 
                        Corbett
                     




                  , her master
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANNE CORBETT
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas William Corbett; we live in John-street, Fitzroy-square


. The prisoner was in my service, and left on the 19th of October - we had given each other warning. The night before she went away, the person she went to lodge with came to know if she was coming that night; that person left her umbrella, and took mine: I did not know where to go for it, till I met the prisoner in a day or two in Charlotte-street, and said to her, "You are the person I want to see" - she fell back, and said, "What for?" I said, "About the umbrella;" she said, "Oh, is that all?" I said, Yes, and desired it might be sent to me; she said,"Very well." I had missed the lace the day after she left - all the property had been locked up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer. I found this lace and a piece of baize in the prisoner's box, when I took her, about a fortnight ago - she was lodging with two or three women; I found her in bed, and told her what I came for; she denied all knowledge of the things - the mistress of the house brought down the keys, I opened the box which the prisoner said was hers, and found the property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAIG
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Read, and found a frill in another box.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I did not know I had them, as I had not opened my trunk - the book was not locked up.
MRS. CORBETT. She always kept her trunk locked. I went out one day, and when I returned I found a drawer unlocked, and suppose I forgot to lock it - I had no other servant, or anybody who could hyave put them into her box - a skeleton-key was found on her.
WILLIAM READ. I found this skeleton-key on her; it would open any common lock.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
