





153. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CLUES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of November
, 1 Bible, value 25s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Alfred 
                  Baxter
               




            ; and that at the delivery of the King's gaol of Newgate, on Thursday, the 15th of January, in the 9th year of the Reign of His present Majesty, he was convicted of felony, by the name of John Crews.


                  ANN 
                  MASON
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Hitchcock
               



             Lovegrove, a bookseller. This Bible was left at his house for sale by Mr. 
               
                  Alfred 
                  Baxter
               



             - it had been there I think three months; I missed it on Tuesday week - I know nothing of the prisoner.
ANGELIUS BETRAUN. I am an officer. On the 21st of November, about half-past six o'clock, I was near the Seven-dials, and saw the prisoner with a bag upon his shoulder - he saw me, and hastened his pace; I followed him to Castle-street - I came up with him, and asked what he had got; he said he did not know - I said "I must know," and took it; he then said a gentleman gave it him to take to Bedford-street, Covent-garden, but he did not know him; I went with him, but there was no gentleman there - I then took him to the office; the prosecutor's shop is in Greek-street: this Bible was in the bag.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had it to carry, and was to have 1s. for it - I know nothing of the stealing it.
RICHARD JONES. I have a copy of the prisoner's conviction - I saw him tried, and know he is the man; I apprehended him for stealing eight books from Mr. Doyle's, in Holborn; he was found guilty, and had three months' imprisonment.
Prisoner. I never was here in my life - it is totally false.
MR. WONTNER. We believe he has been here, and I charged him with it as soon as he came.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
