






451. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GATES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     GATES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of January
, five thimbles, value 7 s. 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Taylor
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a comb-maker
, and live in St. Martin's-court


. On the 20th of January as I was serving a customer, a woman brought a thimble in, and said it fell from the case. I went to the door, and found the glass of the case broken, and five thimbles gone - three were on the ground - the prisoners passed my door; about a minute after, a baker gave me information, and they were brought back by Harrison in about ten minutes. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Gates
               



            's hands were cut, and very bloody. On his way to the watch-house he escaped, but I secured him again.


                  JAMES 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am a constable. On the 20th of January, about half-past four o'clock, I saw the prisoners coming away from Taylor's window - they were close to it. I saw them pass and repass several times, and once or twice they stopped at the window. About five o'clock I heard the glass was broken and the thimbles stolen; I immediately went and secured them in Castle-street. I told them Taylor's window was broken, and I had seen thempass several times. They made great resistance, but I took them back. Joseph's hand was cut and bled, as if from the glass. As I took them to the watch-house he escaped, and Mr. Taylor secured him.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am an officer. I assisted in taking the prisoners to the office. Taylor gave me three thimbles - two were stained with blood.
THOMAS GLASSBOROUGH. The prisoners were brought to the watch-house. I found a handkerchief all over blood in Thomas's hat; he said he had lent it to his brother.


                  THOMAS 
                  GATES
               



            'S Defence. I made no resistance.
T. GATES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
J. GATES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
