





1216. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     BRYAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of July
, one handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas Kingsford 
                        Morris
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  KINGSFORD
               



             MORRIS. I live near Canterbury. On the 26th of July about twelve o'clock, I was going from Soho-square towards Jermyn-street, and in Prince's-street


 I stopped to look in a caricature shop, and a person asked if I had lost any thing; I felt and missed my silk handkerchief; he pointed to some boys who were making off, and said they had taken it; one boy was taken who said he had not got it, the prisoner was brought into the watch-house, and soon after the handkerchief also.


                  JAMES 
                  COOK
               



            . I am a poulterer, and live in Prince's-street, three doors from this shop; I saw Morris looking at the prints; the prisoner in company with seven or eight boys went up; I saw the prisoner put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and draw the handkerchief out; they all set off; I told Mr. Morris, and pointed out the prisoner;we both pursued, they turned round Compton-street; I saw Webb at the corner, and told him; the prisoner was secured in Soho-square, and brought into the watch-house five or ten minutes after; I lost sight of him for some time, but am quite sure of him.


                  ANDREW 
                  MYERS
               



            . I am a pencil-maker, and live in Dean-street. I heard the alarm, and on turning round I saw the prisoner in custody; as they were taking him to the watch-house, I saw him take off his hat, take a handkerchief out and try to throw it down, but I caught it before it got to the ground.


                  HAMMOND 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am constable of St. Ann's. I saw Cook, who pointed out the prisoner and the boys to me; I had seen him before with five or six boys; he was at the corner of Compton-street running with another boy; I only lost sight of him in turning the corner; he was stopped; I took one of the others; Myers gave me the handkerchief, and said the prisoner threw it out of his hat; he did not deny it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  REARDON
               



            . I am a watchman, and live in Dean-street. I heard the alarm; I stopped the prisoner, who was running.
Prisoner's Defence. The gentleman said there were the three letters of his name on it, but on seeing it, said he could not swear to it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
