






29. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     PRATT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th October
, 4 handkerchiefs, value 8s.; 5 sheets, value 15s., and 2 gowns, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Matilda 
                     White
                  




               
            , her mistress.


                  MATILDA 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am single, and live in Titchbourne-street


, Edgware-road. The prisoner was in my service for about six weeks, and had lived with me before - I went on the 8th of October to Tonbridge-wells for my health; I returned on the 21st of October, and she was gone - I found only a char-woman there, whom I had before employed; I had entrusted my house to the prisoner - I missed five sheets, two gowns, and some other things, which have been given up to me; I had always found the prisoner honest before.


                  JAMES 
                  HILLVER
               



            . I live with a pawnbroker, in the Edgware-road. I have five sheets, four handkerchiefs, and a table-cloth, pawned by the prisoner at different times after the 16th of October.


                  JAMES 
                  GILL
               



            . I live with Mr. Baker, a pawnbroker, of Upper George-street. I have two gowns, pawned by the prisoner in October.


                  HENRY 
                  RICHARD BUCKERIDGE
               



            . I took the prisoner on the 4th of November; she had a bonnet on which her mistress had lost - a great deal more property has been given up by other pawnbrokers.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written Defence, pleading distress, and representing the prosecutrix to be a woman of the town.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
