





1329. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  LILLY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of July
, 5 handkerchiefs, value 25s., and 1 pair of stockings, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas Spencer 
                        Hazeland
                     




                  , his master
            .
THOMAS SPENCER HAZELAND. I am a linen-draper
, and live in Bishopsgate-street


. The prisoner was three weeks in my service; I had my suspicions, and as I was going into the kitchen I found a pair of new stockings hanging out of his coat pocket, which was in the cupboard; while he was cleaning the front room window I called up Brown, my shopman, and left him there while I fetched Sapwell, the officer. I called Brown down - he was to send the prisoner out with a parcel; I cannot state what transpired afterwards, except that after he was detained I saw him throw some duplicates on the floor, which I took up, and gave to Sapwell.


                  HENRY 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am the shopman. On the 12th of July, after hearing of this circumstance, I told the prisoner to take out a parcel; he put his coat on with one arm, and with the other threw the stockings out of his pocket. I then prevented his going out, and called the officer up. The stockings are new, and have our shop-mark on them.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



            . I am a constable. Mr. Hazeland delivered the duplicates to me, in the prisoner's presence, and said he had thrown them away - he said nothing to it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREGORY
               



            . I was sent for, and seven duplicates were delivered to me; Mr. Hazeland said the prisoner had them in his possession, and he admitted it; five of them relate to handkerchiefs.


                  JAMES 
                  WISKARD
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Barker, a pawnbroker, of Houndsditch. On the 1st of July the prisoner pawned a new handkerchief, for 2s., in the name of Edwards. I gave him one of the duplicates produced.


                  SEPTIMUS 
                  SADLER
               



            . I live in Bishopsgate-street. On the 1st of July a handkerchief was pawned with me, in the name of John Edwards - I do not know who by, but the duplicate of it is among those produced.


                  JOHN 
                  WARD
               



            . I am servant to Mr. LeBlane, of Shoreditch. On the 1st of July a handkerchief was pawned with me, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Edwards
               



             - I do not recollect the person, but here is the duplicate I gave him.


                  CHARLES 
                  PADDON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Cotton, of Shoreditch. On the 1st of July a handkerchief was pawned with me, in the name of T. Edwards - I do not recollect the party, but here is the duplicate I gave him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUGG
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Attenborough, of Crown-street, Finsbury. A handkerchief was pawnedwith me, in the name of Pressy, on the 23d of June - I do not know who by, but here is the duplicate I gave.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. There are six shopmen and a maid-servant; he declares he took the tickets off the ground, but the servant brought them out of the kitchen.
MR. HAZELAND. The servant was behind him, but I saw him put his hand into his trousers pocket, and take them out.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
