





2047. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  STOCKINGS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 18th of August
, 60 lbs. weight of horse-hair, value 9l. the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Purkis
                     




                  , of which, by the same indictment, 
                     
                        John 
                        Hodges
                     



                  , 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Todd
                     



                  , 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Lumbley
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Wheatley
                     



                  , were convicted of stealing, in the dwelling-house of the said William Purkis, to whom they were servants, - he, the said prisoner well knowing the same to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute, &c.
The record of the conviction of Hodges, Todd, Lumbley, and Wheatley, was put in and read.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PURKIS
               



            . I am a horse-hair manufacturer
. - The four persons just named were all in my employ; the prisoner had been in my service about seven years ago - he left me, and got his living in the trade: I lost a great deal of property from time to time.


                  JAMES 
                  HANLEY
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street, On the 18th of August, 1827, I went with the prosecutor and my brother officer to No. 48, Church-street, Mile-end - it is a small shop; I searched the house, and found this hair: the prisoner's wife was there, and was taken into custody, but was discharged.


                  DANIEL 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I sell oysters in the street. I saw Wheatley and Todd take some horse-hair to the prisoner's premises, in Church-street, Mile-end; they took it in, and he weighed it and gave them money - when they came out they said he gave them 1s. per lb. for it: I think this was on the 23d of July last year - it was about a month before I went to the Magistrate.


                  PHILIP 
                  WADE
               



            . I saw Hodges turn into the prisoner's house one day, but I do not know on what day, nor what month - it was in the last year; I was on the opposite side of the way, and did not hear what passed.
JAMES HANLEY re-examined. Q. When did you find this hair? A. On the 18th of August; we had apprehended the other four men on the 17th, and a warrant was taken out for the prisoner - we went there the next day, but he was not found till the 4th of this month, when the prosecutor met him in the street.

WILLIAM PURKIS re-examined. Q. Do you know at what time you were robbed? A. I had been robbed for two months before August, 1827. I can swear to this hair, as it had been washed out on the Monday before it was found - it was not washed to my mind, and I sent it to be washed again; I can swear to it - it must have been taken in that week: all the hair I lost was worth 3s. per lb.
COURT to DANIEL MURPHY. Q. You were before the Magistrate on the 18th of August in last year; How long before that did you see the men take the hair to the prisoner's house? A. About a month; I was afraid of them, they were all big fellows - I saw them take the hair and put it round their waists, under their shirts; they took it to this man's house, and there they took it from their waists, and gave it to him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you come into my house? A. No- I stood at the door; I saw you standing at the door when they came - you went in, and they after you.
Prisoner's Defence. My friends are not here to rectify it; if you could put it off to another day I should be obliged; I can bring plenty of proof that it was not worth more than I gave for it.
JURY to MR. PURKIS. Q. Had you ever sold any horse-hair to the prisoner? A. No, never. I have some hair at 1s. per lb., but what I lost was worth 3s. per lb.
JURY to DANIEL MURPHY. Q. What part of the 1s. per lb. did you have? A. I had none; they asked me to go and have something, but I did not; I had no promise of any thing - they said I knew of it, and if I told they would give me a good hiding, and be the death of me, no doubt. I staid away from Mr. Purkis' above a month.
COURT. Q. Did the men take the hair from their persons, in the presence of the prisoner? A. Yes - I can swear he saw it there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
