





304. 
               
                  MARY 
                  HARRIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, 8 sovereigns, 3 half-crowns, and I sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Hale
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH HALE. I work at a pottery in Staffordshire
. - On the 24th of December I was in London, and met the prisoner at the Black Horse public-house, New Gravel-lane, Shadwell, between ten and eleven o'clock at night - she asked me to go home with her, and I did so. I had eight sovereigns in a small bag, and three half-crowns and a sixpence in a large one, which were safe after I got into the room; I sat down on the bed with her, and while we were talking I felt one of her hands in my trousers pocket- I took hold of her, and called for the watchman - when he came I told him what I had been robbed of; before he came another woman came in, struck, and scratched me to make me let go my hold, and the candle was put out; I held the prisoner tight, and did not let her go. She gave charge of me for saying I was robbed, and I was taken to the watch-house; the money was afterwards found in the bag.


                  AMMON 
                  NELSON
               



            . I am houseman of the watch-house. I went to this house, in Elbow-lane, Ratcliff-highway


; the prosecutor came down to me, in the custody of a watchman; he said he was robbed; I and the headborough went into the prisoner's room; I searched, and found this bag between the bed and the sacking, with the three half-crowns and 6d. in it, and this little bag was in it, with the eight sovereigns.(Bags produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He had been acquainted with me on the week before Christmas, and I appointed to meet him at the house between seven and eight o'clock, which I did; we came home to my house about eleven o'clock, and he offered me half-a-crown, and said he had no more - I refused, and told him to go away - he said it was late, and he would stay there all night; he then struck me a violent blow; and when I went before the Magistrate I was not fit to be seen; the person in my house came in, and I gave charge of him, for ill-using me - the woman tried to get him away, but he would not go. When I went to the watch-house I had an opportunity of getting away if I had been disposed - he was in the habit of putting his money between the bed and the sacking, when he was with me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Life
            .
