





1194. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     IRVIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of September
, two yards and a quarter of cambric, value 24 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Oliver
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  OLIVER
               



            . I am a linen-draper
; and live in Skinner-street


. On the 6th of September about ten o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came and asked to look at French cambric, which I showed her, she bought one-eight of a yard, which came to 1 s., which she paid; there were seven or eight different kinds of cambric on the counter; she looked at a print and asked the price, and said by and by she should want a gown; I left her looking at the print, which hung in the middle of the shop, I was putting the cambric away, and went into the back shop, and on turning my eye, I saw her nearer to the cambric than when I left her, but did not see her take any thing; she left the shop in a few seconds; only myself was in the shop. In about half an hour I went to tie up the cambric, and missed two yards and a half; no other customer had been in; I saw her again at six o'clock, in custody, in Blackfriars road; Jones had brought the cambric to me before.
Prisoner. Q. Was there not a black man standing by my side - A. No; a person came in to ask me to buy a shawl; he did not come near the counter.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Gibbs, linen-draper of Blackfriars road; the prisoner came into our shop between half-past ten and eleven o'clock; in consequence of what passed there, I stopped her, and found this remnant of cambric in her pocket, and one-eighth in her basket.


                  EDWARD 
                  HEDDINGTON
               



            . I am a constable; I apprehended her at Gibbs's, and found the cambric on her person; which I produce.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I found it rolled up in brown paper in Fleet-market, and put It in my pocket without opening the paper.


                  EDWARD 
                  HEDDINGTON
               



            . There was no paper round it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
