





1047. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CHENNER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of April
, 1 coat, value 30s.; 3 waistcoats, value 10s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; two shirts, value 6s.: 1 pair of trousers, value 8s.: and 4 pairs of stockings, value 4s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Evans
               




            .
WILLIAM EVANS. I am a labourer
; I had a bundle, containing all this property, and was going, on the 10th of April, to Cirencester, I was at Brentford


 trying to go by Tanner and Bailey's waggon - I gave the bundle to the prisoner, to carry it to the waggon - I had not known him before; I was to follow - but he ran faster than I could, to stop the waggon; it was about a half-past nine o'clock at night - I was following, and I met two men, who put me in the wrong road; I thought the prisoner went towards the waggon; I should have paid him if I could have found him.


                  JESSE 
                  FULLER
               



            . I am constable. About a half-past eleven o'clock at night I met the waggon near Brentford Bridge; the prosecutor came and told me he had been robbed, and a young man told me he had seen the prisoner running away from the waggon; I enquired and found the prosecutor had been drinking with him - he was a little the worse for liquor; I went to Old Brentford and found the prisoner in bed - I saw the woman whom he lives with at the door; I went up to the prisoner, and asked for the bag which he took from a pensioner; he said, "What bag" - I said, "If you don't produce it I shall take you out of the house;" I pressed him and he fetched it and gave it me - he was quite sober; I have known him a long time.


                  JOHN 
                  LAWLER
               



            . I am a gardener; about twenty minutes before eleven o'clock that night, I went into the Castle public-house, to have a pint of beer - I saw the prisoner, the prosecutor, and some others in the tap-room - they made some movement - the prisoner took the bundle, and ran out; the other man went to the prosecutor, and said, "Come, you must go, you can't lodge here tonight." They all rushed out, and the prisoner went quite in a contrary way to the waggon - I told the constable, and went with him to the prisoners.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He put the bundle into my hand; that is all I have to say.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
