





1616. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  TILLYARD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of May
, 2 saddles, value 10s.; 1 bridle, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of hames and traces, value 2s.; 1 breechin, value 2s.; and 1 crooper, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Buckingham
               




            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARLEMORE
               



            . I am a harness-maker, and live in Edgware-road. The prisoner came to my shop on the 8th of May, about seven o'clock in the morning, with Biddle, who was tried here last Sessions; they brought some harness to my house; I was not at home at the time, and they took it to a neighbour's who detained it - it was then brought to my shop, and the officer told me to detain them when they came; I told them I must detain them, and the prisoner ran away; the other was taken - I am certain of the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  PINDER
               



            . I am constable of Paddington. I was sent for on the 8th of May, to take two men on suspicion of stealing some harness; as I was going to Mr. Harlemore's shop, the prisoner passed me; Mr. Harlemore came out and gave me the other, and he said, "That is one gone past you;" I pursued but could not overtake him.
FRANCIS BUCKINGHAM. I live at Hendon, in Middlesex


. I lost some harness between the 7th and 8th of May; we missed it on the Monday morning from my stable, and I had seen it perhaps within two or three days; the prisoner had worked on my premises occasionally; his brother works for me now.


                  JAMES 
                  TOWER
               



            . I am a constable of Hendon. I apprehended the prisoner on the 6th of September - I said, "You know I had a warrant against you for stealing harness from Mr. Buckingham, and why had you not got further out of the way;" I said, "I blame you for taking it of your brother's master, who has employed him so long;" he acknowledged to being a party to the robbery, and said, he was very sorry he should have done such a thing - I had not made him any promise or threat.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The other went and stole it; he came and called me up between two and three o'clock in the morning, to go to town with him - he said, he had got some harness to sell - I went to Paddington.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
