





NEW COURT, SIXTH DAY.
Fifth Middlesex Jurn - Before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
519. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of January
, 1 jacket, value 30s.; 1 pair of trouseres, value 15s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s., and 1 shirt, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Downie
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  DOWNIE
               



            . I am a sailor
, and live with Mr. Briant. On the 8th of January I lost these clothes from a chest by my bedside; I put them there at night, and in the morning, when I awoke, they were all gone - I never saw the prisoner; I was asleep before he came in, and when he went out.


                  GEORGE 
                  BRIANT
               



            . I keep the Boy and Helmet public-house, in East Smithfield


; Downie lodged with me for about three weeks - on the 8th he went to bed, and the watchman brought the prisoner in quite late, and asked if I could give him a lodging; I led him up to bed - he asked what there was to pay; I said, "You are a poor man, 6d."I went into Downie's room to get a candle: told him to put it out, and bid him good night; the next morning he got up early, knocked at my door, and asked me to let him out - I got up in the dark and let him out: about seven o'clock the prosecutor came down, and said he had lost his clothes - the prisoner was afterwards found on boards a ship, but none of the property on him; no other persons slept in the house.
Prisoner. I went into the room you shewed me; I put on my own clothes in the morning - I had no bundle or any thing with me. Witness. I let him out with the key, which I always take with me; I did not see him with any bundle, or that he looked more bulky than the night before.


                  ROBERT 
                  HENRY BURGESS
               



            . I took the prisoner. I have two old shirts and a pair of old trousers, which were found in the room which the prisoner slept in that night - a key and a handkerchief were found in the prisoner's bed, which had been in the prosecutor's jacket pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. He took me on board a ship, just as I was coming on board; I never saw these things in my life, which are said to have been found in my bed.
GEORGE BRIANT. No one else slept in the house that night; they might possibly have been there before.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
