






607. 
               
                  
                     HUGH 
                     WORTHAM
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BURNHAM
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 4th April
, one leaden pump, value 2 l. and 100 lbs. lead, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Simons
                        




                     
                  , and fixed in a court-yard, of a certain building of his
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it be fixed a in an outlet.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SIMONS
               



            . I am a builder
, and live at Chelsea. In April last I was building a house. All the materials were my property. On the 5th of April I missed a pump from the yard; it was fixed and cased with wood; it was safe the day before, fixed against the garden wall, which runs up to the house.


                  JAMES 
                  HARDY
               



            . I am a plumber. I put up two pumps for Simons. I have seen part of it, and know it by the joints.


                  RICHARD 
                  MAYBANK
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoners, and one Squires. I went to the yard the pump was stolen from; I compared their shoes with the footmarks; they must have been made with their shoes; I tried them in several places, and all six shoes agreed with the marks.


                  GEORGE 
                  SQUIRES
               



            . I know the prisoners. I went with them, on the 4th April, to Simons's premises in the evening, we went down Park Grove, Burnham got over the wall, and let us in at the front door; we went to the pumps, pulled the wood-work away, got them down, and broke up the pipes, and took the two pumps, and hid them under some mould in a field, with part of the pipe - then took them to Dartmouth-street, and sold the pumps first for 6 s. 7 d. Burnham had the money, and as we came down York-street we had some beer; then fetched some of the pipe, and sold it in Dartmouth-street for 6 s. 6 d.; and I had my share of the money.
Prisoner BURNHAM. Q. Did you see me get over the wall - A. No, he let us in in front.
WORTHAM'S Defence. I met him in Jew's Row; he was waiting at the Bun House, as next day was Good Friday, and there is always some diversion there.
BURNHAM'S Defence. I worked at the building, which occasioned my footmarks being there.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SIMONS
               



            . That was a week before.
WORTHAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
BURNHAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Burrough.
