






1265. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FLATTERY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of July

, six shirts, value 2 l.; eleven handkerchiefs, value 1 l.; three pairs of stockings, value 5 s.; a necklace, value 5 s.; a seal, value 5 s.; a pair of buckles, value 5 s.; a compass, value 5 s.; three boxes, value 10 s.; a pin, value 4 s.; a knife, value 1 s., and two combs, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry Hely 
                  Hutchinson
               



            , Esq.
; and 
               
                  
                     LETITIA 
                     WRIGHT
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .

COLONEL
 HENRY HELY HUTCHINSON. I live in Bulstrode-street



 - Flattery was my servant
; he had lived with me three weeks or a month; I was in lodgings when I took him. On leaving town for France about the end of June I left these articles in a trunk, to be carried to my uncle's house. I returned on the 1st of August, and missed them - my writing desk had been broken open, which was in the box, containing the linen; that box had been locked when I went away, and the lock had not been injured. I saw the prisoner on the 2d of August; I suspected him, and enquired when the trunk had been brought to my uncle's house, and found it had not been brought for three weeks after I left it. When I saw him I told him I suspected he had robbed me; he said he had not done me any injury; I then delivered him into custody. I have seen the property since, and know it to be mine. There were other things in the box, which he did not take. I cannot tell exactly how many articles I saw, but I am sure they were all mine, they were worth 4 l. or 5 l. I accompanied the officers to Fair-street, where the prisoner was in service, and in the pocket of a coat which he said was his was found a crystal box, which is mine.
Prisoner. Colonel Hutchinson never left me his portmanteau - Witness. I am quite certain I left it with him.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer, and took the male prisoner at Lord Hutchinson's, in Bulstrode-street. I went with the Colonel and the prisoner to his lodgings in Fair-street. On searching his coat which hung in the room I found this box, which was immediately claimed by theColonel - the prisoner said,
"I found it on your table Colonel." I then questioned the people of the house, in the hearing of the prisoner, and they said they had seen this box in the hands of a woman, called, the cook, but they did not know her name. I then went to a place where the male prisoner said she lived, but that was not true. I afterwards went to North-street, Manchester-square, and found the female prisoner; I told her James was in custody, showed her the box, and said, I was come for the rest of the things - she hesitated for a moment, and then put her hand into her pocket, and gave me two combs, a necklace, a pair of silver buckles, and two seals - they were claimed by Colonel Hutchinson. I went down to the kitchen, and in her box I found six shirts, eleven handkerchiefs, a compass, two other boxes, a silver pen, and a knife, which were claimed by Colonel Hutchinson. Most of the linen is marked H. H. H.; she said,
"All these James brought to me this morning, and has brought me into this trouble."
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner FLATTERY. Some of this property is not Colonel Hutchinson's; some of it is my own - is this shirt the Colonel's? -
COLONEL HUTCHINSON. Yes, it is to the best of my belief; there is the remains of H. on it.
FLATTERY'S Defence. I lived with the Colonel about a month, and was discharged in consequence of his going to France - he took all his things except a portmanteau and a little writing case. He said,
"James, will you take this writing case to my Lord's," and I did so - the portmanteau was left in his bed-room; I suppose it was locked. There was afterwards some dispute about the rent, and I said it was right that the portmanteau should be fetched away - there were several other persons in the house. One night when I came home I found a bundle of these things in a corner - I tied them up in a handkerchief, but I did not like to say anything about it; it passed on for two months - I never opened the bundle, and did not know what was in it.
WRIGHT'S Defence. These things were brought to me about eleven o'clock in the morning of the day I was taken, by James - he said they were foul clothes. I had called on the female servant who lived in the house where James lived, and saw this little box, and she asked me if I would have it - I said I would not.
COLONEL HUTCHINSON re-examined. I am certain the writing-desk was locked in the portmanteau, and that all the articles were in it when I left. There were some rings and money in the writing-desk.
FLATTERY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WRIGHT - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
