





Before Mr. Justice Gazelee.
1535. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     STUCK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, 1 waistcoat, value 20s.; 6 gowns, value 8l.; 5 shirts, value 2l.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 1 sheet, value 3s.; 1 quilt, value 5s.; 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 shawl, value 1s., and 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Avern
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Watson
                     



.


                  THOMAS 
                  AVERN
               



            . I am a coach plater
, and live in West-street, St. Ann's


. 
               
                  George 
                  Watson
               



             keeps the house - I have the second floor and attic; Watson does not live in the house - it is all let out in tenements. On the 26th of August I was in my workshop, which is the attic; my wife came up to call me to dinner - she went down and called me - I went down one pair of stairs, and found my apartment on the second floor open; the prisoner was inside, in the act of coming out - my wife held the door; I pushed it open, went in, and found her standing there, with a bundle - I asked what she did there; she began to cry, and said she would never do the like again if I would let her go; I examined the bundle, and found the articles stated in the indictment, which are worth 15l. - she was taken to the watch-house; the keeper's wife searched her and found eleven keys - I tried one to my room-door, which had been locked, and it opened it.


                  FRANCIS 
                  MAGE
               



            . I was fetched to the watch-house, and took the prisoner with the bundle.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I leave it to the mercy of the Court.




               GUILTY (of stealing only)
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
