





452. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     DOUGLAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February
, one shift, value 2 s.; two petticoats, value 11 s.; one pair of stockings, value 1 s.; two gowns, value 4 s.; one bag, value 6 d.; two handkerchiefs, value 2 s. and one habit shirt, value 1 s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Ellard
                        



                     
                  , widow
, two petticoats, value 2 s., one shift, value 2 s.; two pair of stockings, value 2 s.; two handkerchiefs, value 2 s.; three gown bodies, value 2 s.; and one frill, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Burch
                  



               
            , spinster
.
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  MARY 
                  ANN COBBIN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Parke, who lives in Cannonbury-place, Islington


. Mrs. 
               
                  Ann 
                  Ellard
               



             and Miss 
               
                  Ann 
                  Burch
               



             were visiting there; they gave me the articles stated in the indictment to be washed. On the 7th of February, I put them in a bundle on the pantry table, near the area-window. I was sitting in the kitchen about four o'clock in the afternoon, and heard the window slap down. I immediately ran into the pantry, and saw the prisoner turning from the window, and getting over the rails, and another standing by him. I ran out and pursued the prisoner a little distance. He then turned and met me (the other had the bundle). He said,
"What is the matter." I tried to take hold of him, and said,
"You know what is the matter." He ran away, the same way as his companion. I followed, calling, Stop thief! Some gentleman in the field stopped him, without my losing sight of him. The other threw the bundle down.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning from Highbury, heard the alarm, and asked, what was the matter, she said, I knew. I ran after the man, and was stopped.



                  THOMAS 
                  FRANKLIN
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the prisoner, and found a pack of cards, and two pieces of chalk on him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
