





1832. 
               
                  MARY 
                  EDWARDS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of July
, 1 pair of boots, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Eliza 
                        Amphlet
                     



                  , widow
, and 1 pair of boots, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Dudley
               



            .
WILLIAM DUDLEY. I am servant
 to Eliza Amphlet. On the 19th of July, at five o'clock in the morning, the watchman alarmed us, and I missed a pair of boots, shoes and brushes from the boot-hole, by the kitchen door; they were safe at ten o'clock the night before - I know nothing of the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JAMES 
                  BOUND
               



            . I am a farrier, and saw the prisoner on the 20th, in Bell-street, selling these boots to a Jew - I said nothing to them - Dudley came to me next day, and I told her of it - I know the prisoner and the Jew by sight. On the Monday I saw the Jew, and told him of it - I had seen the shoes and boots before - Dudley had shown them to me - the Jew gave up the property on receiving 4s.
WILLIAM DUDLEY re-examined. Bound pointed out a Jew to me, and I got the shoes from him - I got the boots from a pawnbroker's, which he took me to; he would not pay the 4s. to get them out, and I paid it.


                  FRANCIS 
                  BRADBURY
               



            . I am a constable. I took up the prisoner - I went to the Jew's house, but he has not been found since.
Prisoner's Defence. I slept at Porto Bello farm that night - I was coming to Paddington to buy some victuals, and met a women, who sold me these boots and shoes for 4s. - I saw the Jew, and sold them to him for 6s. 6d.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 41.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
