





1522. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     ANDERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of June
, 1 coat, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Baker
               




            .


                  RICHARD 
                  BAKER
               



            . I lost my coat on the 24th of June, from the door of my own house; I am not aware how it was taken - I believe this is it; I cannot swear to it, but from its appearance, I have no doubt it is my son's - I had seen it the evening before; I was told of the loss as soon as it was taken from the gig, but I cannot swear it had been there.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I saw the gig at the door, and I put a coat into it, which I believe to be this; I had got Mr. Baker's son in my arms, and was going to put him into the gig; the prisoner ran by, and the officer seized him; I did not see him till then.


                  THOMAS 
                  TONKIN
               



            . On the 24th of June, at ten minutes before six o'clock, I was crossing towards Coleman-street- I saw the prisoner come to the corner and turn back; he went to the gig, and took the coat - I took him directly - he dropped it from under his arm; I seized him, and his waistcoat came unbottoned; he got about ten yards, was taken by two men - I did not lose sight of him.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been without victuals two days; I met a young fellow, who said he could get me some work - he gave me two or three glasses of liquor, and as I was going along the coat fell from the back of the chaise on my shoulder; the officer took hold of me - I pushed him off, and two gentlemen took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
