





1766. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 30th of July
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 1 watch-chain, value 1s.; 2 seals, value 8s.; and 1 watch-key, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Haywood
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  HAYWOOD
               



            . On the 30th of July, I was at the top of Grosvenor-place and met 
               
                  Mary 
                  Allen
               



            ; I went home with her to Providence-row


 - I had then four sovereigns and a half in my breeches pocket; I undressed, and put my breeches, with the money in them, upon the table - it was then about twelve o'clock; at about half-past two or a quarter before three, Allen went down stairs - I awoke, and asked where she was going; I waited some time, expecting her to return - I then got up and looked at my watch at the window; the prisoner Jones came in in a few minutes, and asked what I wanted there - I said I came in with Allen; she said it was her apartment, and her husband would soon come home; I asked her for a light, as I could not find one of my gaiters - she went down for a light and took my watch; I did not see her take it, but I had had it in my hand two minutes before and put it on the mantel-shelf - she then came up with the light, and I accused her of it; she denied it - I got my clothes on and went to the watchman, who came; we saw the two women leaving the house -I was sober.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. How long had you been walking with Mary Allen? A. It might be about two hours - we had one pot of beer to drink - I had been paying some bills, and might have taken a glass of porter before; I will not swear I had not taken any spirits - I was quite sober - the house has not a very respectable appearance; I had been asleep perhaps two hours and a half before Jones came - she did not come to the door, and ask for a light - when she came, I thought it was Allen -I had known Allen for two years; my watch was found in a pair of bellows, in another room - I missed it before the light was brought up; I was certain it was gone, for I had had it in my hand just before - there were no other persons but Allen and myself in the house - there is only one room in it - the watch was found at No. 6, another house.
COURT. Q. When the light came, you saw the watch was gone from the mantel-piece? A. Yes, but I had missed it before - a little light came from the window - it was beginning to be day-light; I had light enough to see the prisoner's person before the candle came - I am certain she is the person who came up, before she brought the light, both by her appearance and her voice.


                  GEORGE 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am a watchman. I went with the witness to No. 2, Providence-place, where he said he had been robbed - I could get no admittance; but having seen a woman come out, and go to No. 6, I followed her -I got in at the window, and the constable found this watch in the bellows in the first-floor room; I found the prisoner in the same room, and took her.
Cross-examined. Q. What time did you go there? A. Twenty minutes after three o'clock - I suppose the prosesecutor had not been with me above five minutes before I went there - I had to get a light, which occasioned me to stop a few minutes - it is a bad place - some of the houses are open the greater part of the night; Mrs. Fulmer is the landlady of that house.


                  JOHN 
                  BUZZARD
               



            . I am a patrol, and was with Palmer; what he has stated is correct.(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY (of stealing only)
             Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
