





Before Mr. Serjeant Arabin.
212. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ANDREWS
               




             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 29th of October
, 4 sheets, value 20s.; 1l towels, value 1ls.; 3 pillow-cases, value 3s.: 12 knife-cloths, value 3s.; 3 curtains, value 3s.; 1 quilt, value 5s.; 1 table-cloth, value 5s., and one bag, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Monck
                     



                  , widow
; and 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Eleanor 
                  Reynolds
               



            , spinster
.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DOWLING
               



            . I am servant to Lady
 Elizabeth Monck, widow, who lives at No. 18, St. James's-place


. Eleanor Reynold is her cook
 - she had washed this linen, and, on the 29th of October, I gave it to the prisoner to take to Mrs. Haynes to be mangled; Haynes had sent her little boy with him for it; I had seen the child before - none of the property has been found.


                  JAMES 
                  HAYNES
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Haynes
               



            . I went to Lady Monck's with the prisoner, for the clothes to mangle - we were to carry them to my mother's, in Little St. James'-street - the prisoner carried them down to the bottom of St. James's-place, where I stopped to tie up my boot, and he ran off with the things; he was taken on the Monday; I knew him before.
ELIZABETH HAYNES. On Saturday, the 29th of October, I sent the prisoner and my boy for these things, but never received them - he never came to my house again.


                  ROBERT 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner in Gerrard-street on the 31st of October.
Prisoner's Defence. I put the bundle down to rest - a gentleman gave me a horse to hold, and the bundle was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
