





1005. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BANBURY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of June
, one barometer, value 40 s., and one clock, value 5 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Luke 
                           Hansard
                        



                     
                  , 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Hansard
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Luke Graves 
                           Hansard
                        



                     
                  , in a certain out-house, belonging to their dwelling-house
            .
MR. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.
MR. LUKE GRAVES HANSARD. I am in partnership with Luke and 
               
                  James 
                  Hansard
               



            ; our premises are in Great Turnstile


; there is a yard behind the dwelling-house, and then the printing-office; there are walls on each side of the yard, which connect the printing-office with the dwelling-house; Titchbourne-court runs at the back of the office; Whetstone-park is on the South side of the premises; there is a window looking from the printing-office into both places. The premises belong to the firm, and the dwelling-house also; my father has the sole occupation of it; the lower part is used as a counting-house. The rent is paid by the firm. I was in the counting-house, which is on the second floor of the printing-office, at three o'clock; the clock and barometer were then safe there.


                  JOHN 
                  FLOWER
               



            . I am servant to Messrs. Hansard. On the evening of the 1st of June, about ten o'clock at night, I went round the premises, and saw that all was safe; the windows looking into the courts were fast; I took the keys into the counting-house, and went out at the door in Titchbourne-court, which was fastened after me.
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HANSARD
               



            . I am the son of the prosecutor, and assist as clerk. On the evening of the 1st of June I was in the counting-house of the printing-office till after eleven o'clock; the barometer was safe and the clock, I wound it up.


                  ROBERT 
                  RIDOUT
               



            . I am waiter at a gentleman's; I live in Titchbourne-court; the prosecutor's office window is exactly opposite my house. On Sunday, the 2d of June, I got up about ten minutes past five o'clock; I went out at my door, and about ten minutes after I went out again, and saw the window-shutter had been removed, and rested on the cill; I moved the shutter, looked in, and saw a man walking about the place; there was a lad, about eighteen years old, at the bottom of the court, walking about towards Holborn. I watched him for more than a quarter of an hour; he passed my door towards Whetstone-park; I went in, put on my coat, and followed him, and when I got to the top of the court he was gone. I had not been absent more than two minutes. I saw a man shutting the printing-office windows in Whetstone-park; I said it was very improper that he should be shutting the windows that time in the morning; it was then a few minutes after six o'clock; he said something which I did not understand, and went off westward, towards Queen-street; he had a black coat on, and I believe black trowsers. The prisoner is very much like the man, but I cannot swear to him. There was a tall man close to the window while he was shutting it up; he and I examined the window, and found the shutter shut and one bar up. We had seen the man fasten that bar; we took it down, and found the lines cut and the sash taken out; it stood inside. I went and alarmed Mr. Hansard, and went round the premises with him. The stranger went after the man, and I have not seen him since.
MR. 
               
                  LUKE 
                  HANSARD
               



            . The last witness alarmed me; I searched and missed the barometer and clock. We have a door leading into Titchbourne-court; the yard is very small; the clock is worth 5 l., and the barometer 40 s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BIDGOOD
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live in Castle-street, Oxford-market. On Sunday morning, the 2d of June, about five o'clock, I went out to take a walk; I was in company with Gillon and Fielder, in Old Compton-street, Soho, about a quarter past six o'clock, and saw the prisoner there with the barometer under his arm, wrapped up in an apron, going westward. A boy came after him, and told him to make haste, for there was somebody coming after him; he then hurried on, and kept looking back. We followed him to Crown-court. I went up and asked him if he had the barometer to sell; he said Yes, but he thought I had not money enough to give for it. I then said I thought he had not got it honestly, and asked where he lived, and where he was going with it. He said he would shew me; he went on about fifty yards to an old iron shop in Crown-court, and was going to turn in there. I collared him and said, if that was where he lived, I should take him to, the watch-house. The shop door was open; he resisted, but the other two helped me to secure him. We took him to St. Ann's, watch-house, and while we were waiting for the watch-house keeper to get up, he rushed by and ran off with the barometer. We pursued him, and he threw it away. Fielder picked it up. We took him in Nassau-street, without losing sight of him, and took him back to the watch-house. We then went to look after the boy, and a woman pointed out the clock; it was in a basket, at the corner of Frith-street, in Old Compton-street. I found the maker's name on the barometer, which led me to the prosecutor. He wore a black coat and dark trowsers. I knew him before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILLON
               



            . I was with Bidgood; his account is correct. The prisoner said he had the barometer to sell.


                  HENRY 
                  FIELDER
               



            . I assisted in pursuing the prisoner; I picked up the barometer. Bidgood's account is correct. I left the barometer at the watch-house.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to Mr. Collett's, whom I formerly worked for, and in Compton-street I met a man who I supposed to be a porter carrying some things, besides the weather-glass; he asked me to carry the glass to Crown-court for 6 d., and on the way I was stopped, and told them what I now state; and in answer to the question whether I would sell it, I said it was not mine. The watch-house door was not open, and I went towards the door again, when they took me. They would not go after the man who gave them to me.
GUILTY. Aged 17.
Of 


               stealing the barometer, value 39 s.
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
