





327. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SABERI
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of January
, being servant to 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Moyes
                        




                     
                  , sixteen books, value 5 l.; 76 lbs. of printing types, value 8 l.; forty quires of paper, value 3 l.; 78 lbs. of paper, value 10 s.; two ink cans, value 2 s. and half a peck of coals, value 3 d.
             his property.
MR. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am apprentice to 
               
                  James 
                  Moyes
               



            , printer
, in Greville-street, Hatton-garden


; the prisoner was his pressman
, and earned from 36 s. to 2 l. a week. On the 4th of January, he was followed out of the house; I saw him brought back, and some coals found on him; he lodged at No. 1, Dove-court; Leather-lane.


                  RICHARD 
                  MOTT
               



            . I am in the service of the prosecutor. I went to the prisoner's lodging with Limbrick, No. 1, Dove-court, and found the articles stated in the indictment there, except the coals.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I am an officer. I have the property found at his lodging.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JAMES 
                  MOYES
               



            . These things are mine; the books are Blair's Lectures, and the Life of Howard; only two copies had been sent out, one to the author, and one to the publisher.
Prisoner's Defence. The ink cans were given to me last April, by Creswell, the foreman. My father who was a letter-press printer, died, and I had about 50 lbs. of his type and materials. About the end of last March, one of the prosecutor's men went to Birmingham; I bought some type and paper of him. The sheets or books are what I worked myself, and saved them, and some were given me by the men to complete my set.
MR. MOYES. The workmen have no right to take sheets; it is too frequently done, but I should not suffer it if I knew it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
