






1441. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BATCHELOR
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of June
, 2 half crowns, 1 shilling, and 5d. in copper monies, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Leonard 
                           Alderson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .



                  LEONARD 
                  ALDERSON
               



            . I live in White's-alley, Chancery-lane, and am a chairmaker
. On the 28th of June I had been to the pay-table, and did not get paid till eleven o'clock - I was a long time coming home; I left there about twelve - when I got into Holborn


 I rested myself against the shutters, being fatigued, when the two prisoners caught hold of me and got talking a parcel of stuff to me, and pulling me about; being lame, I could not prevent them - I told them I wanted nothing to do with them; they felt me about, and got my money from my waistcoat and breeches pockets - I had two half-crowns, a shilling, and 5d.; I was sober - they got all the money; they had got about three houses off when I missed it - I could not follow as fast as they went; I am sure the money was safe before - it happened nearly opposite Fleet-market: I desired a watchman to take them- he said he knew them, and went after them: I found them in custody in an hour and a half - I am certain of them.


                  RICHARD 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Andrew's, Holborn. I saw the prosecutor about half-past twelve o'clock, standing with his back against some shutters to rest himself - he appeared sober; I saw the prisoners in the act of hugging him - they passed me, and turned down Field-lane; he described their persons to me minutely - I knew them before, and described them to the next watchman who brought them to me; I took them to the watch-house, and directly the prosecutor saw them he said they were the women who had taken his money - they denied having seen him; I searched them, and found 16 1/2d. on one and 5d. on the other, but no coin that the prosecutor could identify; they were out of my sight upwards of an hour.
Sullivan. Q.Were you not drinking with the prosecutor till we were taken? A. I was not.
Q. Have you not received 15s. not to appear? A. The prosecutor and I were drawn by stratagem to a public-house on Monday last - I was brought there by a message that the prosecutor wanted to see me; I went, and was told he had just gone out, but would be in in an instant - he came in soon after, and a proposition was made for him to receive what he had lost, and drop the proceedings; I told him the consequence of it, and he had better get away - they wished us to drink, and we refused; he being a cripple could not get out of the house so fast, and they thrust 15s. into his hand.
Sullivan's Defence. I never saw the prosecutor till he came to the watch-house - my friend went to ask him about it, and he said if he got his money he would not trouble us any further.
Batchelor's Defence. I never saw the man till he was in the watch-house.


                  JOHN 
                  MAY
               



            . I live in Lower West-street, Smithfield, and am a whipmaker - I have not worked in London, but at Bristol; I have been here about two months - I have known the prisoners two months; one of them lives with her mother, but I cannot say in what part of London - I have heard the mother say so; I have heard she is her mother - I have seen the prisoners in the street where I live; they do not lodge in the same house as me- I have seen one with her mother in different parts of the street many times; I have come to certify that I have seen the prosecutor make up what damage there was.
Q. How did you know they were taken up? A. A friend of theirs met me, and asked me to have a drop of porter the day before yesterday - I did not know they were in custody before the young man told me; he said a friend of his was charged with robbing a man of 6s. - I believe he is a plasterer or bricklayer; I have seen him with his fellow-tradesmen, plasterers - I was not very intimate with him; I have many a time treated him with a pot of beer, but not in the prisoners' presence - the last time I saw the prisoners was in Holborn in the street; I have seen them at the Horse Shoe and Magpie, Saffron-hill, with their mothers - I forget their names; I might know them, and not their names - I saw the prosecutor at the Three Tuns, Brooke-street, Holborn; we went there together, for this girl's friend brought me into his company (pointing to Sullivan) - I do not know where he is, or his name: I saw him this morning, but not since - the prosecutor lives in a street leading out of Holborn to the left: the young girl's friend brought him to the house, and asked how much he had lost by the girl - the man said he did not know that the girl had taken anything; the friend said so - and he said he had lost 6s.; he mentioned 6s., neither more nor less, to the best of my opinion - the young man said he was very sorry for it, and if he would be satisfied to take it, and what expense he was at afterwards, he would pay him; I heard this.
Q.How came you to be wanted on this occasion? A. The young man asked me to drink, and I did not know what it was upon; I did not think what it could be about till I got into the house - then it was talked over; I said nothing, only that it was an unfortunate job that it happened - he had told me it was for picking a man's pocket; I was present at the time the money was offered - the man got 15s., and said he should be satisfied with it, and he took the 15s.; this young woman's friend gave it him - I do not know where he is; he did not send me here.
Q. How came you here? A. I was walking about the yard as other people - I had no business to bring me here; her mother told me the trial was coming on to-day; she was in the street: on my oath the prosecutor stretched out his hand, and took the 15s. in the public-house himself, and shook hands with the party when he left - it was not thrust into his pocket; Saunders was present at the time; the money was reached to the prosecutor, and he took it - it was not put into his pocket in my presence; I saw him receive the money - I swear it was not put into his pocket; when this was done I parted with him.
Q.You knew what was to be done, that the prosecutor was to have his money returned? A. When I came into the house I did; he did not exactly say he was going to make it up; he had 13s., and another person lent him 2s. - that was the man who came in here with me (Boyd;) I knew the prisoners, one as much as the other - I have been at several houses with them; the Horse Shoe and Magpie - I was never in a private house with them; I do not know where they lived - I was never in their mothers' house; I only know them by meeting them in public-houses.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  BOYD
               



            . I am a hawker, and live at No. 10, West-street, Smithfield, when I am in town - May alsolodges there: I have lodged there, off and on, for nine months. I only know the prisoners by seeing them walking up and down in the street; the young man, Sheen, met me - he is a bricklayer; he does not keep company with the prisoners to my knowledge - I have seen him speak to them, that is all; I have known Sheen about a twelve-month - he lives in White Bear-yard, at the top of Leather-lane - I think it is Ayre-street-hill; I was walking up Holborn-hill the other evening, he asked me to go to White's-alley, Chancery-lane, for he was going to meet a person - I went with him to a public-house, sat down and drank a pint of porter, and after we had drank, this short man came in; I did not send any message for him - I do not know that Sheen did; he came in after Sheen - they sat down, talked about one thing or another, and then began talking about his friend being in prison; I believe Sullivan is his friend.
Q.How came you to know her name? A. Why, yesterday morning I saw it up on the gate, and he showed it to me on the gate outside the yard; I do not now know whether it was her name - he asked the man if he wished to come to any terms, and not prosecute his friend; May was sitting alongside in the same seat at the time - the man said he did not know himself what to do; he did not wish himself to do any harm, but he would speak to the watchman first - he went down to Greystoke-place, and inquired after the man; we went altogether, and then returned to another house - I went out a bit, and when I came back the watchman was there: I have seen Sheen outside the Court, but not for this hour and a half. After the watchman came in they began talking, and he asked what expences he was at; he said 15s. - he said, "Will that satisfy you?" he pulled out his money, and said, "All I have is 12s." - he happened to find two sixpences more; I lent him one for about an hour, and his brother, I believe, gave him the other.
Q.Then four of you were raising the money to prevent the prosecution? A.He asked me for the money; I knew what it was for, but I was sure of the money.
Q. Do you mean to say the man took the money. or was it put into his pocket? A.Sheen sat at one end of the table - he handed it down, and this gentleman took it up, whether he put it into his pocket I do not know, but it was said it was better to put it into the landlord's hands till the following evening.


                  MARY 
                  ANN MITCHELL
               



            . I live at No. 4, Greystoke-place. About seven o'clock, on Tuesday night, four men came to the house. and asked for 
               
                  Richard 
                  Saunders
               



            , the watchman; I should not like to swear that May was one of them, but from his appearance I judge he was - I think Boyd was one. but should not like to swear to him; they said they had come from a person named Alderson, and wished to see him at the Three Tons, Brook-street, almost immediately - I told them it was uncertain whether I should see Saunders or not, but if I did I would tell him; I did see him, and told him of it.


                  LEONARD 
                  ALDERSON
               



            . I went to the Three Tons; they sent after me - I was taken by surprise; I went in consequence of the message; I could not swear to the person who took me there - I certainly took the 15s. to get out of their company, and I sent it on Wednesday night, but there was nobody there to take it; Boyd is one of the men I saw at the public-house - I did not hear him say any thing about it.
SULLIVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
BATCHELOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
