





92. 
               
                  PETER 
                  HEALEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, 47 yards of flannel, value 39s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Jonathan 
                  Nicholson
               



             and 
               
                  William 
                  Nicholson
               



            .


                  RICHARD 
                  NICHOLSON
               



            . I am shopman to Jonathan and William Nicholson, who are linen-drapers

, at Holborn


. On the evening of the 24th November, I was at the back of the shop, and saw a man go out with a roll of flannel in his hands. I followed, and he turned round Southampton-buildings; I lost sight of him while he turned - he had got about twenty yards; I called Stop thief! and he threw it down; I took it up, and lost sight of him. Whittingham then came up to me, he brought the prisoner to the shop afterwards, and he said he was obliged to do what he did to live, and that he was in distress.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITTINGHAM
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was in Holborn, and saw the prisoner passing and repassing in front of this shop; I crossed the road, and got behind a cabriolet: I then saw him in the shop, drawing the flannel to him; he whipped away with it, and ran down Southampton-buildings - I am certain of his person - I knew him well before; I followed, but lost sight of him; I stopped, took the flannel from the shopman, and went down to where he lived, but did not find him there; I found him at eleven o'clock that night, at a public-house in Chick-lane. I took him to another public-house, in Snowhill, and told him I wanted him for a roll of flannel; he denied it, and said I was wrong. I took him to the shop, and he then said he had done it through distress, and that his mother lay dying.
Prisoner. Q. As you took me to the office, did not you say, "You had better plead guilty, and it will be more in your favour? Witness. I did not.
Prisoner's Defence. The officer came into the public-house, shook hands with me, and said, "I want to speak to you;" I came out, and he said he thought I had stolen some flannel. He took me to the shop, and said I had better confess; I said I knew nothing about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
