





SIXTH DAY. TUESDAY, OCTOBER 31.
1292. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BARTRAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, one half imperial, value 10 s.; one sword, value 1 l.; two coats, value 5 l.; two pair of epaulets, value 4 l., and two shirts, value 10 s.
            , the goods of Sir 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Bell
                  




               
            , Knt., Commander of the Most Honourable Military Order of the Bath
.
MR. LAW conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  SQUIRES
               



            . I am servant to Sir 
               
                  Henry 
                  Bell
               



            . On the 14th of October, between five and six o'clock in the evening, I was getting off his barouche seat to open the door, and saw the prisoner about a yard from the barouche with the imperial in his arms; he immediately dropped it, and ran to the top of the street. I called Stop thief! several people came, and I lost sight of him for an instant, and then saw him return - he was secured. I am sure he is the man.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Had not your master stopped the carriage to tell some men to get down - A. Yes, the imperial was safe then, but when I afterwards got down I saw the prisoner with it - the straps were all cut to get it.


                  CHARLES 
                  BEALE
               



            . I was at Soho on the night of the robbery, heard the cry of Stop thief! and ran into Soho-square. Several people followed the prisoner; he passed me and turned, I followed him down Church-street, and secured him in Oxford-street; he was running fast.


                  ROBERT 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge, and found a knife on him. He fell on his knees and begged the prosecutor's pardon.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
