





159. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  THETFORD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, 9 sovereigns, 4 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Martin
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD MARTIN. I am a labourer
. I came to town, from Cambridgeshire, on the 24th of November, to look for work - I had nine sovereigns, and 14s. 6 1/2d., in a bag, in my breeches pocket - I had my smock-frock on - I got to London at a quarter-past four o'clock, and went to the Swan public-house, Whitechapel, had two pints of beer, and some bread and cheese - I could not get a bed there under 1s., which I thought too much - I came out and asked a fish-woman in the street, where I could get a cheap lodging; the prisoner was just by, and said she could inform me where I could get one for 4d. a-night - I went with her to George-yard


, as I understand; we went to the ground-floor - I did not notice whether there were a bed; there was just a snuff of candle burning; there was twodoors to the room; she opened the other door, and put her head out for a moment - I put my hand into my pocket for 2 1/2d. to give her a pint of beer, for shewing me the lodging; she rushed her hand into my pocket, and took out my bag, with nine sovereigns, and 14s. 6d., in it, and went out at the other door, which was fastened, in a moment; and I saw no more of her - I came out to look for her, and two men were about me in a moment; they knocked me down, and kicked me about - I was then out in the street; I had not seen the men in the house; they struck me directly I came out; there was an old woman there, who said she knew nothing about the place; the people told me to give notice at the office - I saw the prisoner again on the following Thursday, and am sure she is the woman - I picked her out from several others.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you know any body in London? A. No - I was never in town in my life before - I had left home on the Wednesday night, and walked all the way - I was two days walking - I was quite sober, I am certain - I am married; my wife is in the country, with my brother - I brought the money, as I might want it; the prisoner was not to have slept with me, I swear - I had not spoken to any other women - I had no pork sausages, or any thing after I left the Swan - I had never seen her before; it was about seven o'clock; it was moonlight, and the lamps were lighted.
COURT. Q. Who do you work for in Cambridgeshire? A. My brother, who has about forty acres of land, and a farm.


                  THOMAS 
                  SHELWELL
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth-street. I took the prisoner on the Thursday, from the description given by the prosecutor, and which was entered in the robbery-book; he saw her among thirty or forty more women, and pointed her out directly.
Cross-examined. Q, What description did he give of her? A. As a middle-sized woman, with a black eye.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Life
            .
