






605. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FINCH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of May
, one basket, value 2 s.; nine shirts, value 4 l. 10 s.; two shifts, value 10 s.; two pair of silk stockings, value 6 s.; six neck-cloths, value 12 s.; five napkins, value 2 s. 6 d.; twelve pair of socks, value 6 s.; seven handkerchiefs, value 7 s.; three tablecloths, value 15 s.; two pair of trowsers, value 5 s.; two frocks, value 5 s.; two pinnafores, value 1 s.; two other shirts, value 2 s.; five towels, value 7 s.; one gown, value 2 s.; one petticoat, value 2 s. 6 d.; one pair of stays, value 1 s.; five knife-cloths, value 2 s.; one couch-cover, value 10 s., and four chair-covers, value 4 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Edwards
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I live at Clapham; my wife is a laundress. On Saturday I came to town with some linen in a basket, to deliver at Dr. Mitchel's, in Gate-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields. I was delivering a basket in Bridge-street, Blackfriars


, when a man came and informed me that a basket had been taken from my cart. I then missed it.


                  GEORGE 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker, and live in Long-alley, Moorfields. I saw a mob, and heard that the prosecutor had been robbed. I went along St. Paul's Church-yard, and was informed that two men were gone along with a basket. When I got as far as Cripplegate I saw a basket on a man's head in Fore-street, ran as hard as I could, and saw the prisoners with it in Moorfields; Finch had it on his head, and Johnson was by his side. I went by them, and they put it down - I stood by the London Institution, and watched them; one of them took the basket up, but I do not know which. I saw Stone who went after them. I took Finch with the basket on his head, and Stone took Johnson. I told them they had taken the basket out of the cart, but they said they had done nothing - we took them to the Mansion House. I went and found Edwards, who claimed the property. I first saw them about ten minutes after I had heard of the robbery.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STONE
               



            . Adams called me, I followed the prisoners and laid hold of Johnson, he took Finch - they were both together. Johnson said
"I have done nothing, why do you lay hold of me?" As we were going along Johnson escaped and ran down Bell-alley. I called out Stop thief! he was stopped. I again took him into custody - he said he would not go with me and struggled. Smith came up and said he would go with him.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I secured Johnson and took him to the Mansion-house. In his pocket I found the silk-stockings, which the prosecutor claimed.


                  STEPHEN 
                  CADMAN
               



            . The prisoners were brought to the Mansion-house. I found the stockings on Johnson, they were damp, as if fresh from the wash.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
FINCH'S Defence. A man met me in Newgate-street, and gave them me to carry to the Dragon, in Bishopsgate-street.
JOHNSON'S Defence. He asked me to go with him. The stockings fell out of the basket, and he asked me to put them in my pocket.
FINCH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
