





1040. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of April
, 2 files, value 9d., the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Elliott
                     



                  ; and 32 squares of glass, value 2l. 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Elliott
                     



                  ; and fixed to a certain building of his; against the Statute
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  GOODMAN
               



            . I am a watchman, of Islington. I was on duty, on the 7th of April, between three and four o'clock in the morning; I heard the spring of a rattle, and the cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running in Cloudesley-square, and took him; I asked him what was amiss - he said, "There is nothing amiss; let me go." I took him to the watch-house; and these two files were found on him.


                  CHARLES 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am a watchman. I was on duty on the night in question, in Chapman-street, and saw the prisoner in the road, with this glass in a handkerchief, under his arm; I asked him where he was going - he said he came from Highgate. I told him he must come with me to the watch-house; he threw down the glass, and broke every pane of it - he then bolted. I pursued him, and sprung my rattle.


                  JAMES 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a watchman. I was near Lewis, and saw him stop the prisoner - I was going to him, and saw him throw down the glass, which I took up; this is it - I saw the prisoner searched, and these files found.
JOSEPH ELLIOTT. My brother's name, is John Elliott; he is building a house for a gentleman at Islington


 - and I was at work there; I left these two files in the house, on the Saturday evening - I particularly fastened the house up; the house had been entered, by forcing in the sashes, which were only tacked in - I suppose this glass was in the frames; but it is all broken now - the glass was gone from the frames.

Prisoner's Defence. I picked up the glass and files by the side of a wall.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
