





746. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of April
, 1 watch. value 3l.; 1 chain, value 1s.; 2 seals, value 6d., and 1 key, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Dirkes
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DIRKES
               



            . I am in the Blues, and belong to the band. On the 5th of April, about ten minutes before ten o'clock at night, I met the prisoner near Sloane-street; she asked me about a cousin of hers in the regiment, and came with me close to the barracks at Knightsbridge


: she asked me different questions, and took my watch out of my coat - I do not know how she did it. but I am sure it was safe five minutes before, as I had looked at it; it was hanging to this ribbon, which she cut - I missed my watch as soon as she left the place; she walked first, and when I followed her she ran; I followed her into a house near the barracks; she shut the door, and I knocked at it - the watch was found afterwards in a little saucepan near the street door, with some coals over it - I had not given her any money, nor taken any liberty with her, nor she with me - I told the watchman I had been robbed, and she was taken.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a constable. I was applied to at twelve o'clock last Sunday evening by the witness, who said he had been robbed; I went with him to a house in Exeter-buildings - he pointed to a door, and said he had followed the female there, and she shut the door in his face - I knocked a long time before I could gain admission; I heard a great whispering in the house- I called a watchman, and told him to fetch a crow-bar; they then called to know who was there; I said I was an officer, and a soldier
 had been robbed of his watch - the door was then opened; I went up stairs, and found the prisoner on the bed in her clothes; she pretended to be very much intoxicated, and very heavy to sleep: I said a young man had been robbed of his watch; she then jumped up perfectly sober, and said if that were the case she would go to the watch-house; I searched the house, and found this watch in a saucepan behind the door, covered with coals.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met him about half-past eight o'clock in the evening; he had a comrade with him, and a young woman asked his comrade to give her something to drink; we went into three public-houses, and had some gin; the young man then went into the barracks, and the young woman and myself staid with the prosecutor: he wished to go home with me: I said he had better go to the barracks, but he followed us - I was intoxicated, and asked the young woman to see me up to bed, and what passed afterwards I cannot tell.
COURT to 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DIRKES
               



            . Q. Did you have any gin together? - A. A young man with me had a glass of gin with the women; only one glass, and then we came out directly.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Life
            .
