






443. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SHEA
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of January
, two waistcoats, value 3 s.; a pair of trowsers, value 18 d.; and a jacket, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Harris
               




            .
HENRY HARRIS, I am a slopseller
, and live in High-street, Shadwell


. On the evening of the 18th of January Shea came to my shop with another person, and asked for a pair of trowsers - I shewed them several pairs, which they did not like. I took down several better pairs - he said, "I think these will do - where can I try them on?" I said "Behind the counter." He went and put them on over his own, and then he came back and said "These will not do - have you not got a new pair?" He said he would give 24 s. I shewed him a new pair, which he went behind the counter and tried on. He then asked me to pull down his old trowsers: after I had done so, he came back again and said "They won't do - they are too long." I said it was a good fault; he then said, "They have got a broad flap." I said, "Your waistcoat will cover that." He said, "No; they won't do." They then said they would call again to-morrow. He went behind the counter and pulled them off, while his friend walked out of the shop. While Shea was pulling off the trowsers, two officers brought back the other man, and said to Shea "Give us your hand, Sir." He did so - and they put the handcuffs on him. I called my wife and said, "I suppose these men have stolen something." She said, "They have robbed you!" I then missed a child's dress, which the officer showed me, it had been on the shelves close to the door before they came into the shop. I described my shop mark which would be on it if it was mine - they found the mark I described. I then told the officer to take off Shea's hat - they took it off, and found a black waistcoat of mine in it, which had my shop mark on it. I know nothing of Jones.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did not some person go out, and Shea said they had taken his hat? A. Yes: I did not see the prisoner Jones till he was brought in by the officer; I am certain he was not the one who went out of the shop. Shea complained that some one had taken his hat, and it was in the hat which the other had left him the waistcoat was found. I did not see Shea take off his hat while he was in the shop, but when I stooped down to pull down his trowsers he had it on. I might have been stooping down about a minute or two - he was at that time close to the shelf where the waistcoat was.


                  JAMES 
                  FOGG
               



            . I was in Ratcliff-highway on the evening of the 18th of January - I saw the two prisoners in company with another person; Shea and the other, who is not here, went into a tailor's shop, and then into Mr. Harris's; Jones stood on the other side of the way; I passed by several times, and saw Shea trying some clothes on - at first Jones had nothing in his hand, but when I returned he had a bundle. I then took him over to Harris's shop, and asked if they were his clothes; he said they were. I handcuffed the prisoners, and took them into custody; they denied knowing any thing of each other. The third man got away while we were crossing to the shop; he did not seem to have any thing in his hand. When Shields, my brother officer, went into the shop, and took the hat off Shea's head, he said "This is not my hat." There was some mud on the child's dress - it appeared to have been thrown over the hatch-door.


                  GEORGE 
                  SHIELDS
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Fogg, and saw the three persons together - I saw Shea and the other in the shop, and Jones standing on the other side of the way - Fogg took hold of Jones; I went into the shop, and took Shea; I found in the hat on his head a black waistcoat. There had been another young man in the shop, who ran away. Jones was not in the shop to my knowledge.
JONES'S Defence. I was coming down a turning, and saw the bundle lying on the ground.
SHEA - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JONES - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
