






1413. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     CANE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     BRYAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of August
, a scarf, value 5 s., and a shawl, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Robson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WYLD
               



            . I am a haberdasher, I live in Rathbone-place. On the 20th of August the prisoner Bryan came to my shop; I followed him to the door, and the prisoner Cane joined him. Bryan then went into another haberdasher's shop and staid a few minutes - then came out; they joined again, and when they got to Well-street Cane took off his hat and Bryan took something from his apron and put it into the hat. I, with some assistance, took them into custody - and from Cane's hat I took this scarf and shawl.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you seen them before - A. I had seen Bryan, but not Cane.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Robson
               



            , who lives at the corner of Berners-street


; this scarf and shawl are his - the scarf has been in the shop ever since I have been there; we had seen it, and missed it on the 20th of August - the shawl had come in with some others a few days before.
Cross-examined. Q. On what day did you miss these things - A. On the day the boys were seen in the street - there is no private mark upon them; it was on a paper which is rubbed off. I do not believe you will find ten scarfs in London of this sort.


                  JAMES 
                  GRIFFITH
               



            . I am an officer, and took the prisoners in charge.
CANE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
BRYAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
