





313. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  PALMER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles William 
                  Tabor
               




            , from his person.
MR. CHARLES WILLIAM TABOR. I am a merchant
, and live in Finsbury-square. On the 23d of December I was on 'Change, and had my handkerchief safe - I missed it at the corner of Cornhill, in Bishopsgate-street


, when Thorowgood gave me notice; be produced one, which to the best of my belief, is mine.
CHARLES THOROWGOOD. I am an officer of the City. I was on duty in Cornhill, and saw the prisoner, in company with another person, following a gentleman into Finch-lane, which induced me to watch them; they returned from that gentleman - I still watched them, and observed Mr. Tabor walking arm-in-arm with a gentleman in Cornhill, and at the corner of Bishopsgate-street there was a stoppage with the carriages; I saw the prisoner put his hand into Mr. Tabor's pocket, and take out this handkerchief - I took hold of him: he turned round, and dropped it at his feet - I said, "What have you got here?" he said he knew nothing about it; his companion ran away.
Prisoner. You said, "You have got the gentleman's handkerchief;" I said, "I have not:" you said, "If you have not got it the other one has." Witness. I did not - it laid at your feet.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He saw the handkerchief five or six yards off, and pulled me to it; another lad, who was before me, had taken it, and threw it down - I bad been to Honey-lane with some brooms for my master; nobody was with me.


                  CHARLES 
                  THOROWGOOD
               



            . I am quite certain I saw him in company with the other for ten minutes; the handkerchief was in his hand when I took hold of him - I saw him drop it at his feet.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
