





1309. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Mitchell
                        




                     
                  , about five o'clock in the morning, on the 23d of October
, and stealing therein, two pair of shoes, value 5 s., his property
            .


                  JAMES 
                  ARNOLD
               



            . I live in the dwelling-house of 
               
                  James 
                  Mitchell
               



            , in the Hackney-road


. I generally get up at five o'clock in the morning, my room faces the street on the first floor. Mitchell sleeps in the room over me. At five o'clock on Wednesday morning last, I was getting up, it was dark, if the morning had been fine there would have been a little light, so that I could have seen a person in the street, and have known him. I had no candle - I heard a terrible wrenching at the door or shop window, I looked over the curtain and saw a person with a white apron on, apparently wrenching the door open. Some men were going past, he went away, and came again five or six times. Every time he came I still saw him at work and heard the wrenching. I called up Mitchell - we both dressed, went down to the private door, and opened it softly, and found the shop door open. I called "Come out!" repeatedly, and at last I heard somebody move - I again said "Come out!" the prisoner came out - I collared him, gave him to Mitchell, and fetched a watchman. We found a crow-bar in the shop - I examined the door, found it had been wrenched open, and very much splintered.


                  JAMES 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I keep the house, and am a shoemaker
. I examined the shop, after giving the prisoner in charge, and found two pair of shoes taken off the nails where they were at half-past nine o'clock the night before. They were moved about two yards, they were shoes which I had to mend. I gave the crow-bar to the constable. It was not in the shop the night before.


                  THOMAS 
                  STRICKLAND
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was given in my charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I never had the bar. I saw the door open, a woman said two men had ran away; I went in, and the gentleman came in.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
Of stealing only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Ld. Chief Justice Abbott.
