





1351. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  FLEMING
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of July
, a snuff-box, value 1 s., and three shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Schofield
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD SCHOFIELD. I am sixteen years of age, and am a hair-dresser
. I had been to the play on the 7th of July, and met this girl, with another, at the bottom of Charles-street, about twelve o'clock. I treated them with some rum, and then went with them to a house in Leg-alley


, to a room on the second floor - they asked me what I would give the prisoner, and I gave her half a crown, the other one then took hold of my sleeve, and the prisoner put her hand into my pocket, and pulled out my snuff-box, with three shillings in it; they went on the other side of the table - I tried to get my box; the prisoner said she would swear her life against me, if I touched it. I then came down and gave charge of them both - the other person was discharged by the Magistrate - I was quite sober. I had not given them the box.


                  MICHAEL 
                  RAGAN
               



            . I am the watchman. The prosecutor called me a little after twelve o'clock. I took charge of the prisoner, and another woman in Hart-street; as I was coming down James-street, the prisoner gave me the box, I opened it, and said to my fellow watchman "You see there is nothing but a bit of snuff," there was no money in it.


                  JAMES 
                  BARTLET
               



            . I was watch-house keeper. I searched the prisoner, and found half a crown, which the prosecutor said he had given her, and 3 s. on the other woman; the prosecutor said his money was all tarnished with gunpowder, which I found to this be.
Prisoner's Defence. He followed me down Russell-street, and asked me to have something to drink - he called for a quartern of rum; we went on further, and he called for another quartern; we then went to the house - he paid 1 s. for the room, and then gave me the snuff-box, and said he wanted to get home, but he would call the next evening, and give me something else; he walked down stairs with us, and came to Hart-street. I said the box was of no value to me - he then gave charge of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
