







1271. 
               
                  MATTHEW 
                  BERRY
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WHITE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of May

, 120 lbs. of lead, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Marsh
                     



                  , and fixed to a building
            .
BERRY 


               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
JOSEPH MARSH. I have two cottages and a shed at Fulham



; this lead was taken from a gutter which runs between two cottages - I saw it safe a day or two before the 13th of April, when I missed it, about eleven o'clock in the morning, when I went there; about two yards of it was gone.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  MARSH
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son. I have compared this lead with what remains; it has been cut and hacked about, but I think it is the same; it is the same thickness - between nine and ten o'clock in the morning I saw the prisoners with each a basket on his back; I ran and took Berry with some of the lead in his basket - I then ran after White, he threw down his basket and ran away; I took it up - I had seen him before, and am quite sure of him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  EAST
               



            . I am a labourer; I live in the cottage this lead was taken from. I was walking in the fieldbetween nine and ten o'clock; I saw Benjamin Marsh, and while we were talking, the prisoners came by - Marsh jumped over the gate and took Berry with some lead; White threw his down and got away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a constable. I came up; East was holding Berry - I took him to the watch-house; then got a warrant against White, and at eight o'clock on Sunday night, the 20th, he came home, and I took him: I had been after him several times - I have compared this lead with that which remains, it appears to be the same in every respect; White said, he had found it, and was going to give himself up to me.


                  GEORGE 
                  LANGSTON
               



            . I found one piece of lead in the shed.
WHITE's Defence. I was going to Paddington and saw Berry, who asked me to carry part of the lead.
WHITE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
MATTHEW BERRY was again indicted for 


               breaking and entering a building within the curtilege of the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Richard Hodges 
                        Monday
                     



                  , and stealing therein 1 copper, value £2. affixed to the said building
            . The prisoner 


               pleaded GUILTY
            .





               Both transported for Fourteen Years
            .
