






Before Mr. Justice Burrough.
174. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BARNES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SEABROOK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of November
, an ass, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James Deacon 
                     Hume
                  




               
            , Esq.


MR. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  DIX
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Deacon Hume
               



            , of Pinner-park, Middlesex. About four o'clock in the afternoon of the 28th of November, I saw the ass safe, turned out in Burns Oak-meadow


 - the gate was locked safe. We had had the ass ever since June; it had three black strokes on its right fore leg, and a sore tail - I missed it next morning, and found it a fortnight after, at the Crown, public-house, Pinner. I was fetched there, and Jeaves shewed it me. Barnes lived at Norwood near Pinner, and was apprehended there.


                  THOMAS 
                  JEAVES
               



            . I am a seedsman, I did not know Barnes before this - I knew Seabrook. I live at Leighton Buzzard, Bedfordshire, about thirty miles from Pinner. The prisoners came together to our house, about eight o'clock one Sunday night; they had two donkies, and said they wanted to speak to me; I asked their business - Seabrook said they had a donkey or two to sell, for they were in distress, as they had been gambling at the Crown, public-house, at Anstead. I went with them to a public-house; they had three more donkies there. I at last gave them 10 s., a quart of ale, and a load of sand for one of them - they delivered it to me; they were both together. Seabrook said it was his own, but Barnes said he should not sell it for 10 s., for he would go without bread first. Seabrook said he should sell it, and Barnes said no more. Seabrook took the money. Both appeared to be dealing with me. Barnes fetched the donkey out of the orchard. I left them and on Monday morning they both came for the load of sand, and carried it away on the donkey which they had - Barnes helped to load. I did not see them again for a week or ten days, when they were taken at Ridley, both in bed at different houses. Barnes hid himself in bed after being dressed. I kept the donkey with my others. Dix afterwards saw it at the public-house - it had a sore tail.


                  GEORGE 
                  DIX
               



            . The last witness shewed me the donkey, which I knew to be my master's.
SEABROOK'S Defence. I bought it at Smithfield; but do not know who of.
BARNES'S Defence. I was not close by him when he bought it.
BARNES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
SEABROOK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
