






Before Mr. Recorder.
1391. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     MARNEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     BRYANT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, a handkerchief, value 4 s, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward William Corry 
                           Astley
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
, from his person
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  WILLIAM CORRY ASTLEY
               



            , ESQ. On the 7th of September, between five and six o'clock in the evening, I was in Holywell-street, Strand


, and had got about one-third of the way through the street; when I felt a pull at my pocket - I turned round, and saw Bryant with my handkerchief in his hand; Marney was close by him. I seized Bryant by the collar, and he dropt it. Marney remained close by him; it fell between them. An officer came up, and secured both; I picked up the handkerchief, and am quite confident that it is mine; it has my initials on it.


                  HENRY 
                  YATES
               



            . I am a constable. I was crossing Holywell-street, and saw the prisoners and another person; I watched them; they were all in company together. I saw them follow the prosecutor, and make two attempts at his pocket. I saw Marney take the handkerchief out, and give it to Bryant. Mr. Astley had found it out before I got up to him, and had picked up the handkerchief, I took one of the prisoners and he the other. Their companion escaped.
MARNEY put in a written Defence, stating his total innocence of the crime.
BRYANT'S Defence. I saw the handkerchief lying down, and the gentleman took me. I never saw the other prisoner in my life before.
MARNEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
BRYANT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Life
            .
