





916. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MAHONEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of April
, one handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Mawley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MAWLEY
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live in Marchmont-street. On the 22d of April, between six and seven o'clock at night, I was in Monmouth-street


, and was told my handkerchief was taken - I found it at the watch-house. I had not seen the prisoner near me.


                  JOHN 
                  SKEEL
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live in Monmouth-street. I first saw the prisoner in St. Giles's, with two others bigger than himself. Mawley crossed into Monmouth, and as he crossed King-street, the prisoner tucked up his coat sleeves, put his hand into his pocket, and 
               drew
             the handkerchief up a few inches with his finger and thumb, and then left him - I went up closer, watched him up the street, and at the end of the street he took it out, and put it under his left arm, and then gave it to one of his companions. Furzman caught the prisoner - I went up Lombard-street after the other, he slipped into Belton-street, and threw the handkerchief into a passage; 
               
                  James 
                  Furzman
               



             picked it up.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. How do you know the handkerchief you picked up is the same - A. It was yellow with white spots.


                  JAMES 
                  FURZMAN
               



            . I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief from the gentleman's pocket; I ran round the corner, and caught him without losing sight of him.



                  SAMUEL 
                  FURZMAN
               



            . I saw the prisoner give the handkerchief to a lad, whom I followed, he ran in among one hundred and fifty thieves, and I lost him. I picked it up.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
