





1199. 
               
                  ANN 
                  SIMPSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of May
, 1 watch, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Cleaver
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  GOODSON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 15th of May, between seven and eight o'clock, I was in Osnaburgh-street, Regent's-park; I saw the prisoner walking with the prosecutor, who appeared very drunk; her left arm was under his right, and her hand in his waistcoat pocket - I passed her a short space, and saw her, with her right hand, draw a watch from his pocket - I did not take her directly, thinking she might take something else; but in a minute the prosecutor stopped and said, "I have lost my watch, where is it?" she said, "I know nothing about it;" he then came to us, and said he had lost his watch; I said, "Yes, I know who has got it;" we took her, and found it under her arm.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ECKETT
               



            . I was with Goodson; his statement is correct - the prosecutor was in liquor; I found the watch under her arm; she said she was a respectabletradesman's wife, and on the way to the office offered me any thing to let her go - I found nothing else on her but two bunches of keys; she appeared to have been drinking, but knew what she was about.


                  ROBERT 
                  CLEAVER
               



            . I am a gentleman's coachman. On the 15th of May I had leave to go out to look for my wife, who had run away - I went to Pentonville and had two glasses of gin and water; being agitated it took effect on me - I remember some woman coming to lead me a long; she wanted me to go into the Park with her; I would not- I found myself giddy, sat down on the stones, and missed my watch; I complained to the officer, who said she had got it.
Prisoner's Defence. I have no recollection of seeing the watch at all.
GUILTY. Aged 32.




               The prisoner received an excellent character, and was recommended to Mercy by the Jury
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
