





984. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DOYLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Gough
                        



                     
                  , in an open place, near the King's highway, on the 26th of June, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, two coats, value 4 l.; one waistcoat, value 10 s., and two pair of trowsers, value 1 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Robinson
                        



.


                  JAMES 
                  GOUGH
               



            . I am sixteen years old. On the 26th of June I was carrying these clothes from Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Robinson
               



            's, of Ludgate-street, to No. 6, Clements-Inn. I got there at twenty minutes past twelve. I saw the prisoner at the door, he was alone. He asked if I had brought Captain Smith's clothes. I said I had, and he said he would run and fetch Captain Smith, as he was gone out with a gentleman. He returned in about five minutes, and said Captain Smith was taking a glass of wine with a gentleman, and would be home directly. I waited till Captain Smith came home. I had seen him before, and gave him the clothes. He asked if I had change for a 10 l. note, he then asked me to go with his servant
 and he would get me change. I came down with the prisoner (who was the servant) into the Strand, he then asked if I had got the receipt. I said I had a stamp, but it was not wrote; when I came to the turning beyond Exeter-change, he took me into a public-house, to write the receipt while he waited outside. I perceived him going on, and came out after him, and told him they could not lend me a pen and ink, and if he would come down into the Strand I could get him change, and write the receipt there. He then wanted me to wait for him at the end of Swan-yard
. I said I should follow him for the money, and followed him down the yard, till he came to a cellar, he then gave me a severe blow on the eye, and knocked me down; I got up and hallooed Stop thief! but he got away.
Q. You delivered the clothes to Captain Smith, who had ordered them - Yes; the prisoner took nothing from me, my master ordered me not to part with the clothes without the money. I am sure the prisoner is the man. Captain Smith told me the prisoner could get change and pay me. I returned to Clements-Inn, and found neither him nor the goods there, and have never found them.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Had you ever delivered goods there before - A. No; I had never seen Captain Smith but once at my master's. When I saw him at Clements-Inn, he gave his servant a note, or something to pay for them. I delivered the clothes just inside the passage.


                  THOMAS 
                  STOCK
               



            . I am in in the employ of Mr. Robinson. On the 26th July, about a quarter before twelve I packed the parcel up for Gough to deliver to Captain Smith.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JEFFERSON
               



            . I am a constable. On the 5th of July I apprehended the prisoner in Long-acre, he saw me, and ran into Little St. Martin's-lane. I secured him, and told him I wanted him for the Swan-yard job, meaning this. He said he did not have the clothes. I had seen him on the 26th of June, under the Swan-yard gateway with Gough. I passed the end of the yard about ten paces, then heard the cry of Stop thief, and saw the boy covered with blood. I followed the prisoner, a number of girls of the town and others closed on the prisoner, and threw the boy down; the prisoner got away. I searched the privy of the house he ran into on the 27th, and found two sheets of brown paper there.


                  JAMES 
                  GOUGH
               



            . They are the two sheets of paper the clothes were wrapped in, I think. I left paper and all with the Captain. He did not open it.


                  THOMAS 
                  STOCK
               



            . I cannot swear to the paper positively, but it appears to be the same, here is a smaller piece which was put on the top of them, as the two sheets were not large enough.


                  MARY 
                  THURLOW
               



            . I am a straw bonnet maker. On the 26th of June, between one and two o'clock, the prisoner ran down into my kitchen, a mob came down the court, calling Stop thief! he was in the kitchen one or two minutes, then pulled his coat off, and went up stairs to the people who lived in the garret. He went out in about ten minutes; the person in the garret was named King, he appeared a horse-dealer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a linen-draper. I was with Jefferson when he took the prisoner, a mob collected round, and attempted to rescue him. Jefferson said
"I want you for the Swan-yard job." He said, I know nothing of the clothes. The boy pointed him out from among sixteen others.
Prisoner's Defence(written.) I was standing at Parr's Register Office. A gentleman came and asked if I wanted a place, and if I was used to the care of horses, he gave me his address,
"Captain Smith, No. 5, Clements-Inn," and told me to wait outside the door till a bundle came, then to ask if it was for him; then I was to fetch him from the Angel. The lad gave him the bundle, he then said,
"Take that 10 l. cheque to Mr. Burn's, in the Strand, and enquire if he can change it." I could find no such person; the boy said I had better go to his master. I gave him the paper, and told him to bring the change back, he was insolent, and said I had robbed him, and so I gave him a slap in the face. I returned to look for Smith, but could not find him.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
Of stealing from the person only. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Best.
