





841. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COCKHEAD
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               misdemeanour
            .


                     JAMES 
                     WOOD
                  




               
            . I am a coppersmith
, and am in partnership with William, Edmund, and 
               
                  William 
                  Pontifex
               



            , jun.; our warehouse is in Shoe-lane


. On the 24th of April
, the prisoner called, and represented himself as coming from Messrs. Pounsett's, of Thames-street, distillers; he said, he was their servant, and brought this written order for a coal-scuttle; I gave him one on the authority of that order; it was worth 20 s.; he took it away; I have never been paid for it; I did not deliver him the kettle, as I did not notice it in the order.
- (Order read).
Messrs. Pontifex and Co. - Please to let the bearer have one coal scuttle for a kitchen, and one oval tea kettle, about four quarts.
H. and W. POUNSETT.
226, Thames-street.
MR. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  POUNSETT
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  William 
                  Pounsett
               



            ; we are distillers, and live in Upper Thames-street, the prisoner was in our service in July 1820, but not in April last, and had no authority to order goods on our account; the order is not signed by any one in our house; we did not receive the scuttle.


                  EDWARD 
                  GOLDWIN
               



            . I am servant to Messrs. Pontifex. On the 1st of March the prisoner came to our warehouse for an oval four quart tea kettle; he said, he came from Messrs. Pounsett's; I gave it him; it came to 10 s.; next day he came for a three quart copper kettle, worth 8 s.; I delivered them; on the 8th of March he came for a helmet coal scoop, which I delivered him; on the 17th, he came for another helmet coal scoop, the same sort as the last; I asked why they wanted two alike; he said, Mr. Pounsett was going to take one to his country house; I let him have it. He was taken on the 4th of May.
MR. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  POUNSETT
               



            . I never sent him for any of these things, nor ever received them.


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on the 4th of May, in company with bad characters.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
