





131. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  RONTO
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November
, 3 silver spoons, value 15s., and 1 salt holder, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Thomas
               




            .


                  ROBERT 
                  SHIRWELL
               



            . I am principal waiter at the Garrick's Head Tavern, Bow-street


, kept by Mr. James Thomas. I had missed a salt-seller and spoon. On the 4th of November, the prisoner came and ordered some steaks for supper, which were got for him, and immediately after he was gone, I missed a salt-seller and a spoon, similar to those which had been set before him at supper. I have not found them. On the 5th he came again - he ordered a rump steak for supper, and I laid before him four table spoons, two salt-sellers, two salt spoons, and knives and forks. While I was gone to cut the bread, one of the salt-sellers was missing. I then went into the kitchen to get the steak, and when I took it to him, I missed two table spoons. I came out and mentioned it to Mr. Thomas. Morris, the officer, was sent for; he went in and told the prisoner he wanted him - the prisoner said"You are mistaken, you don't want me" - he said he did; the prisoner then got up, and the plate was found concealed behind him; he said he had been out, but I said he had not - he was then taken in charge.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had not some things been missed before? A. Yes; he could not have gone out without my seeing him - no part of the property was concealed about his person - he did not seem intoxicated - no other person had gone into that box.


                  THOMAS 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I was sent for, and found the prisoner there. I told him I wanted him, and he said "You are mistaken in the person." I said "No, I am not, you must come;" he got up, and I saw the property on the seat. I took him to the watch-house - he made no resistance.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. This being the first time I have been placed in an unfortunate situation, blasting my character, I am in want of words to express. I was up to this evening employed by my brother; I went to the theatre, and to the tavern, but there were three hats on the table, and I am totally innocent of the charge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
