





171. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, 1 tea-chest, value 2s., and 87lbs. of tea, value 30l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Zachary 
                     Langton
                  



               
             and others.
SECOND COUNT, stating them to belong to 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Huntress
                  



               
            .
JOHN CHURCH. I am in the employ of 
               
                  Zachary 
                  Langton
               



             and others, carriers
, of the Castle inn, Wood-street


. On the 31st of October, about ten minutes to seven o'clock in the evening one of Pickford's vans was at in the inn - I saw this hest of tea put into it to go to Mr. Huntress, of Gospeloak; I saw the prisoner come and take it out of the van, and asked what he was going to do with it - he said to carry it into the office; he took it up the yard, and I thought he was going to the office, and that he might belong to it or something - he walked up the yard with it, and some how concealed himself in the yard, for I missed him, on going into the office to give the clerk an account of another van which was loading; in about five or ten minutes the watchman of the gate reported that the chest of tea was gone out of the yard.
Prisoner. Q.What height was the van from the ground? A. I should think from three to four feet; it was the usual height.
JOHN BUNTING. I am a watchman of Pickford's yard. On the 31st of October, about ten minutes before seven o'clock, I met the prisoner coming out of the yard with a chest of tea on his shoulder - I was at the gateway, and asked where he was going with it; he said to Deacon's, which I thought meant the White Horse - I let him pass, followed him into the street, and stopped him again; he said he had left seven chests in the yard, and should have left but six, and was taking this back - I let him go, believing him; I am sure he is the man.
Prisoner. Look at me. Witness. I am certain of you- I first stopped you under the gas-light, and next time about ten yards further; I went up the yard to inquire, but did not see you again.
JOHN HOLMAN. I am a porter at Pickford's. On this Saturday night I saw the prisoner in Wood-street, with a chest of tea on his back, just opposite Bull's Head-passage - he crossed the road; I went over, and he threw it off his back into the passage - I do not know whether he saw me; he ran away as fast as he could, and I after him calling Stop thief! he was caught in Noble-street - I am sure he is the man; I saw him taken - the tea was there when we returned, and the officer took it.
JAMES TOMKINS. I am an officer. I was going up Love-lane, and saw the prisoner coming down Wood-street with a chest of tea on his shoulder - I watched him; he turned into Bull's Head-passage, and threw it on our feet - Holman pursued him calling Stop thief! he was stopped in Noble-street - I am sure he is the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOOPER
               



            . I am warehouseman to Evrington and Co. This chest of tea was directed by them to 
               
                  William 
                  Huntress
               



            , of Gospeloak, and in the care of Mr. Langton - it weighs about 30lbs.


                  JAMES 
                  POWER
               



            . I am a clerk to 
               
                  Zachary 
                  Langton
               



             and his partners. This chest of tea was in their care; I booked it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was not in the yard that night; the witnesses have not looked at me; they are determined to swear to me, right or wrong - the officer says he saw me when coming up Love-lane, twenty yards off; that passage has no light; I certainly was going up the passage, and lost my hat, which was taken off my head; I told him he had taken the wrong man - some man, who took the tea, had run down Staining-lane; I never had it on my back- I could not reach it with my arms.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
