







Before Lord Chief Justice Abbott.
776. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  JONES
               




            , 
               
                  JEREMIAH 
                  ROBINSON
               



            , and 
               
                  TIMOTHY 
                  CONNELL
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        James 
                        Swann
                     




                  , in the King's highway, on the 2d of April
, at St. John, Clerkenwell, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 seal, value 9s.; 1 watch-key, value 9s., and 1 watch-chain, value 2s.
            , the goods of the said James Swann.
JAMES SWANN. I am a currier
, and live in Berkeley-street, Clerkenwell. On the 2d of April, about half-past eleven o'clock at night, I was in Red Lion-street, Clerkenwell


, walking home - the prisoner, Jones, came up to me, and asked where I was going; I made no reply, but walked on - she asked a second time, and followed me several paces, asking me to go home with her; I told her to go about her business, that I was going home; she still followed, and got a little before me, then stopped, as if she was going to speak to me, made a snatch at my watchchain, and got it out of my pocket - I put my left arm round her waist, and tried to take it from her, with my other hand; she extended her arm out so that I could not reach it; she called out Jerry! and immediately the other two prisoners came across the street; I had seen them looking stedfastly at me, while she followed me; they were moving on in the same direction as me, but on the other side of the street; they came across, and she placed the watch in Robinson's hand; he passed it to Connell; I immediately called out Watch! Brown and Hawkins came before the watchman came up; I let go of the woman, to seize the two men; three or four watchmen came up, and they were all secured and taken to the watch-house; the watch was delivered to Tarrant.
Cross-examined by MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sure the watch was passed to Robinson first? A. Yes; I never said differently; there was a strong gas-light just there; I was quite sober - I am sure Robinson passed it to Connell.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I was in Red Lion-street with Brown, and heard Swann call Watch! we went over the road directly, and found the three prisoners and Swann there, nobody else - we secured the two men; the watchman came up, and all three were taken - I saw the watch after Brown picked it up, not before - I saw Jones pass it to Robinson.


                  DANIEL 
                  BROWN
               



            . I was with Hawkins. We crossed over, and I picked up the watch just off the curb-stone, where they stood; I had seen Jones pass it to Robinson, and Robinson to Connell; I took it to the watch-house.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure he passed it to Connell? A. Yes; we ran across directly; there was not time for them to get away.


                  REUBEN 
                  RICE
               



            . I am a constable of Clerkenwell, and assisted in apprehending the prisoners - I saw Brown pick up the watch.
JONES' Defence. I was walking up Benjamin-street; the prosecutor came up, and asked where I was going; he said he had been to a public-house; I asked him to accompany me home; he hesitated, and said he did not think he had time; he walked down Red Lion-street, and then stopped to look at his watch, which he accidentally dropped; he then seized me, said I had robbed him, and I called out, as he would not let me go.
ROBINSON'S Defence. I was going home from work, and saw a crowd - I crossed over, and the witnesses seized me.
CONNELL'S Defence. I heard a female cry for help, and ran across; the gentleman collared me; I never saw the watch.
JONES - GUILTY. Aged 17.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
ROBINSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
CONNELL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
