





1601. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of September
, 1 velvet bag, value 2s.; 1 pair of spectacles, value 2s.; 2 pairs of gloves, value 2s.; 1 card-case, value 4s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 sixpence, 4 pennies, 2 halfpence, and 1 farthing
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Whitmore
               




            .
MRS. 
               
                  GRACE 
                  WHITMORE
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Whitmore. On Tuesday last, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I was in a phaeton, which stopped in Thames-street


 on account of a crowd; I was looking attentively at the crowd, and felt a slight touch, which caused me to look round - I immediately missed my velvet reticule, which contained these articles; I had seen it safe about ten minutes before; somebody called out,"Have you lost any thing, Ma'am?" - I said I had lost my bag; the coachman instantly got off.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am the coachman. On Tuesday last I was passing along Thames-street, and obliged to stop for a waggon to pass; mistress said she had lost her reticule; I saw the prisoner running, and pursued him up St. Botolph-lane, and, turning the corner of George-lane he came in contact with a man, and was thrown down and stopped: I never lost sight of him - I saw his hat fall off, and the reticule fall from it, after he had turned the corner; I picked it up, brought it back to mistress, and gave him in charge.
Prisoner. I was turning up Botolph-lane, and halfway up the lane heard a cry of Stop thief! two persons turned the corner - an Irishman caught hold of me, tripped me up, and said, "What is the matter with you?" I said Nothing; and this gentleman was not round the corner for two minutes; he said the next day that he did not actually see me drop it, and Maloney said he could not say I was the man, but he stopped some man; I was put back, and this witness took him to have refreshment, and said, "Why don't you swear to him, and crush him, as I have done" - Maloney came and told me this; I asked him to state it to the Alderman - he said he would, but the officer had been to extort money.
Witness. I did say not so; Maloney said he could not swear to him - I said, "How is it that you can't swear to him when I took him from you?" I saw nobody running before the prisoner - he was the person pursued; I saw him not two minutes after the alarm.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I was in George-lane, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running - he turned the corner; Allen and others were running after him; I saw nobody before him - I stopped him myself; I did not see his hat come off - I caught him by the arm, and shoved him against the church - he fell, and I fell on him; he was then taken by others.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY BUXTON
               



            . I received the prisoner in custody from Allen, he wished me to take him to the carriage to speak to the lady, and when he got to her he said, "For God's sake forgive me, I will not do it any more;" at the first examination, only the coachman was there - Maloney came shortly after, and would not come into the Justice room.
Prisoner. I said, "Please, Ma'am, I know nothing of what I am taken for."
MRS. WHITMORE. The coachman brought him to me - he rubbed his hands, and in an imploring way, said,"Pray, Ma'am," but what else I do not know; the constable brought him to me again afterwards, but what he said I do not know.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
