






1648. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HAMMOND
               




             and 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  COLLINS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, a handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Bath
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD BATH. On the 27th of September, I was in the City-road


, going home from the city - I felt something at my left hand coat pocket: I turned round, and saw the two prisoners behind me, arm in arm. I seized Hammond by the collar, and accused him of having the handkerchief - they both spoke together, and denied it. I accused him a second time, and saw the handkerchief fall on the ground; while I stooped to pick it up, Collins ran away, but he was stopped about fifteen yards from me, without my losing sight of him. As we were going to the watch-house, Hammond said, he hoped I wouldnot do any thing to him, for he had friends in distressed circumstances.
Cross-examined by MR. ROBARTS. Q. When did they deny it? A. When I first took them.
Prisoner COLLINS. Q. Did not two gentlemen come to you and say, "This is not the man I am sure?" A. Yes; they pointed out Hammond, and said it was not Collins.


                  CHARLES 
                  CONSTABLE
               



            . I am a messenger. I was in the City-road, and saw the two prisoners coming towards me, arm in arm. - Mr. Bath was on before me, and the prisoners turned round and went after him - they observed his coat pockets, and I thought they meant to rob him. Mr. Bath stopped at a saddler's shop, and when I got on about thirty yards he passed me again; I then crossed the road, but kept my eye on them. I saw Mr. Bath turn round and take Hammond, and call to some person to take Collins. I followed and took him - I saw the handkerchief on the ground.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HAMMOND'S Defence. I was coming down the City-road, and followed this gentleman - he put his hand to his pocket, and I suppose missed his handkerchief - he turned round and accused me of having it. I had not seen it - Collins was walking by my side pretty sharp - he was pursued and taken, we had not been together.
COLLINS' Defence. I was going to my aunt's. I was walking sharply, and heard a cry of Stop thief! - two gentlemen said, they were sure I had nothing to do with it.
HAMMOND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
COLLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Life
            .
