





Before Mr. Justice Best.
503. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROACH
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Patrick 
                           Carroll
                        




                     
                  , in the night of the 27th of January
, and stealing nine awls, value 18 d.; a pair of pinchers, value 9 d.; a cup, value 6 d.; a yard of muslin, value 18 d.; half-a-yard of cambric, value 6 d.; six yards of lace, value 6 d.; and a handkerchief, value 6 d.
            , his property.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  CARROLL
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Carroll
               



            , we lodge in the parish of St. Ann, Westminster


. The landlord does not live in the house; it is all let in lodgings - we have the first floor back room. On the night of the 27th of January, at half-past ten o'clock, I was in the front room with one of the lodgers, and thought I heard somebody in the room - I opened the door and the prisoner came out - I ran to fetch my light; he ran up to the second floor, and I followed him with a light, and saw him put down eight awls on the garret stairs; he knocked at the second floor front door, and I asked who he wanted - he said Mrs. Jones - I said
"There is no such person in the house; you villain, you have been into my room" - he said he had not; I said
"You have, for here is my husband's tools." I ran down with the awls, and called the watchman, who took him on the stairs; he dropped the muslin, cap, handkerchiefs, pinchers, and one of the awls, after I left him; I had put the cap, muslin, and handkerchiefs, into a bonnet box, just before; the street door was kept open.


                  JACOB 
                  BUCK
               



            . I received the property from the hands of Carroll.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went into a public house; a bricklayer came in, who said his master would want a man shortly, and he could get me a job. I agreed to meet him at his own house, at half-past nine o'clock; he said he lived in Crown-street, and I was to ask for Mrs. Jones - a woman in the street directed me to No. 14. I was in liquor. I met a boy on the first floor stairs; he said Jones lived on the second floor; I went up, and this woman came and asked who I wanted - she had an awl in her hand, and made a stab at me with it, I took it from her - and am innocent.
PROSECUTRIX. I did not stab at him.
GUILTY. Aged 32.




               Of stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
