





542. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WATSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of February
, 1 cloak, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Stephen 
                     Lewis
                  




               
             and another.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLDER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Eames. On the 10th of February, I was coming up Conduit-street, and saw the prisoner running with this cloak on his arm; we pursued him in a gig - he turned into another street; I got down, and asked him where he took it from - he said he did not know; I put him into a shop, and got the street-keeper.


                  JAMES 
                  ALEXANDER
               



            . I am the street-keeper. I took the prisoner, and have the cloak.


                  HENRY 
                  LIDDLE
               



            . I am shopman to Stephen Lewis and Co., silk-mercer
s, in Regent-street


. This is their cloak, and was taken from a door that enters into their shop - it was inside the house; it was safe at half-past three o'clock in the day.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going on an errand to Quebec-street; I got behind a coach, and a boy came and got up with the cloak - he saw this witness coming, then he got down and left the cloak behind; I got down and beckoned to him, but he did not come.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLDER
               



             re-examined. Q. How far was he from the prosecutors' when you saw him? A. Not many doors- I saw another boy running, who appeared to be in company with him, but he got away; the prisoner had the cloak all the while: the prisoner was on one side, and the other lad on the other - this other property was found in the prisoner's hat.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
