





454, 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DOUGLAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, at St. Paul, Covent-garden, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Duff
                        




                     
                  , one pocket-book, value 2 s.; one knife, value 5 s.; one ring, value 2 s.; one seven shilling-piece; one 10 l., and forty-six 1 l. Bank notes, his property
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  DUFF
               



            . I live at Gloucester


. On Sunday, the 26th of March, my housekeeper represented to me that the prisoner was in the neighbourhood in the greatest distress, and I ordered her to give him a dinner - when he came in he said he had dined. I asked him to sit down, and enquired the cause of his distress. He said he was coming from Leith to London to finish himself for his profession as a singer, that the smack he came in was run down by a Greenland ship, and they were wrecked. I asked him what brought him to Gloucester - he said Mr. Martin, who is a traveller, and lives there, had been a very great friend to him, and he came to get his assistance, but he was in Scotland, and would not be home till Friday or Saturday. I said if that was the case, I was going up the town to church, and if he would come again I would call on some friends of mine, and procure him a few shillings. I called on two friends, got 7 s., and put 5 s. to it myself - I gave it to him at tea. In the course of the evening I asked him where he thought of going? he said he must go to a public-house. I took him to a house where I knew he would be treated well, and told the landlord to let him have every thing in moderation that he wanted, and I would pay for it. On Monday morning I left home, and did not return till Thursday - while I was out I learnt that Mr. Martin would not return for three weeks. On my return I found the prisoner at my house - I have no family. I told him that Mr. Martin would not return for three weeks, and he might make my house his home till he did return. He continued with me from that time till Saturday morning, the 15th of this month. The night before he said he had taken some medicine, and if he had occasion to get up in the night we were not to be alarmed; I heard him get up about five o'clock in the morning but took no notice - I got up myself about eight o'clock, and missed him. I then suspected all was not right, and went to a portable writing-desk, where I put up some Bank notes the night before, and found it broken open; a pocket-book was gone, which contained a 10 l. and nine 1 l. Bank notes, forty-six country notes; a 7 s. piece and a ring were also taken out of my looking-glass drawer. I immediately took a post-chaise, went to Cheltenham, and pursued a young man answering his description to London - he had been booked by the name of Johnson. I came to town, and found nineteen of my country notes at the Bolt in Tun, Fleet-street. I gave information at Bow-street, and on Monday morning I found him in custody. The ring was found on him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LAZARUS LAWRENCE
               



            . I am a salesman, and live in Brydges-street, Covent-garden. On Sunday morning, the 16th of April, the prisoner came to my house, and asked if I would supply him with wearing apparel? he said he was going to Scotland, and asked me if I could take country notes. He opened his pocket-book, and pulled out forty or fifty notes - some Bank notes were among them, I said,
"Can you not pay me in Bank of England notes." He said No, for country notes were of no use to him in Scotland. I said I could not take them unless they were payable in London. He said he would leave me sixteen notes, and send for the things in the morning - he bought things to the amount of 8 l., returned in about twenty minutes, and wanted five of the notes away again - I had told him in the morning that I should find whether they were good. I presented them at the Golden Cross, Charing-cross, where they usually pay them at a discount, and they stopped the notes. I returned, found the prisoner at my door, and took him into custody.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



            . I am an officer. On the 17th of April, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, I was fetched to Lazarus's, and took the prisoner in charge. I searched him, and found a knife on him with Mr. Duff's name on it, also a seven shilling-piece and a ring, and in his pocket I found a pocket-book, which contained 42 l.; a 10 l. Bank note was among them. He said they were Mr. Duff's property.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. My Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury, I am quite sensible of the punishment the law can inflict upon me, but I trust you will take my case into your consideration, that I may still be a useful member of society.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
Of stealing, but not in a dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
