







1272. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CRUMP
               




            , 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  SWIMLEY
               




            , and 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  TERRY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Barclay
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM BARCLAY. I live in Leicester-square. On the 22d of June, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was in the Hay-market


; and on turning the corner the officer gave me information - I felt my pocket, and missed my handkerchief; the officer pursued the prisoners, and got it - this is it; I had not seen them near me.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prosecutor; the three prisoners and another went up to him; they then left him, and soon afterwards came up to him again, and one of them took the handkerchief; I told the gentleman, and then ran and overtook them in Coventry-street - I met another officer, and told him to follow me; we saw the four persons - they ran in different directions. I had first seen them following the gentleman in Panton-street. My opinion is that Crump took the handkerchief, but I cannot swear to it.
Prisoner CRUMP. Q. You said at the office that you saw me take hold of the gentleman's pocket, and put it down again? A. Yes, you did the first time; I saw the handkerchief on the ground at the place where they all ran away. I did not see it picked up.


                  EDWARD 
                  BOOTHMAN
               



            . I am a constable. On the 22d of June, about eight o'clock at night, I received information from Gook, and joined him in pursuit of the three prisoners and another person - I seized one, and Gook the others - I saw the handkerchief lying on the ground; it was picked up by a by-stander and given to me; I had Terry in my hand at the time; I pulled him along after the other, but he could not run fast.
SWIMLEY's Defence. I heard the cry of Stop thief! the man came and laid hold of me - these two boys I never saw before.
CRUMP - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
SWIMLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
TERRY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 11.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
