





85. 
               
                  MICHEAL 
                  ROACH 
               




            was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of September
, twelve glass-bottles, value 1 s.; and nine pints of fish sauce, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Eliza 
                        Lazenby
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Lazenby
                        



                     
                  ; and one basket, value 2 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     King
                  



               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  LAZENBY
               



            . I am an oilman
, and live in Edward-street, Portman-square


, I pay my mother an annuity out of the business, which is carried on in our names. The porter of another warehouse brought me an order for fish sauce, of which we have the exclusive sale - the bottles were put into his basket, he left it in the shop while he went further; he called for it in an hour, and it was missed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MOORE
               



            . I keep a glass and china shop, in Church-lane, Strand. On the 30th of October, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner brought in a basket, and said he had some fish sauce to sell - I considered he had not obtained it honestly, and detained him. I sent for an officer, who opened the basket, and found it was twelve bottles of Harvey's fish sauce; I did not know him before particularly.


                  DANIEL 
                  KING
               



            . I am porter
 to Mr. Read, of King-street. On the 30th of October, I went to Lazenby's for six pints and six half-pints of Harvey's fish sauce, to be packed up by the time I returned from Bryanstone-square; on returning it could not be found. The basket is mine.


                  HENRY 
                  GROVE
               



            . Moore sent for me. I knew the prisoner, I asked what he had got, he refused to tell, and objected to my examining it - I found it contained this fish sauce. I took him to the watch-house, it was about six o'clock. The labels on the bottles, led me to the prosecutors.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met a man who comes to the Green Man public-house, Oxford-road; I had a ham which weighednine pounds and a half, he offered me the sauce for the ham.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 56.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
