





2008. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JERKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
, 11 napkins, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Tod 
                     Madden
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MASON
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 24th of September, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was standing at the corner of Well-street and Charles-street, Middlesex-hospital; I saw the prisoner and another boy- they saw me, and parted; I followed the prisoner - he dropped this bundle out of his apron, and ran; I pursued - he went in at the back door of the Tiger public-house; I went in at the front door, and we met at the bar - I took him to the office, and he was remanded; I went to different drapers, but could not trace the property - at last I looked at the Court Guide, and found Mr. Madden's name, whose initials corresponded with the mark on the articles which are made.


                  SYBIL 
                  DAVIES
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Tod
               



             Madden; he lives in Wimpole-street


. These napkins are his property; I made them, and know my own work- they were lost at the same time from the housekeeper's room; there is an area to the house, and steps to go down - the gate is open sometimes.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into a wine-vaults to see what time it was; a young man asked me to have a drop of beer, and when we came out he asked me to carry these articles to a mangle in Well's-mews - I took them in my apron; when the officer asked what I had, I said I did not know - I ran to the house, where I thought to find the young man, as he said he would wait for me; but he was not there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
