






Middlesex Cases, First Jury, Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
677. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LAYTHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, a watch, value 20 s.; three seals, value 2 s., and a key, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Lawson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  LAWSON
               



            . On the 12th of March, about a quarter before twelve o'clock at night, I was going down towards the New-road


; my watch was then safe - I missed it next morning at a quarter past five. I went home to Regent-park barracks


, and went to bed - the prisoner was discharged from our regiment about four months ago. I had been with him and Wallis from eleven o'clock, and he came as far as the barracks with me. I slept in a room alone all night, with my door locked; I do not always carry it about with me, and therefore did not think of it when I went to bed. I had drank very little.


                  SAMUEL 
                  B. DALTON
               



            . The prosecutor informed me he had lost his watch. I took the prisoner in custody on Monday evening and found the watch in pawn.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The watch, seals, and key, were pawned with me on the 11th of March, in the name of Latham, I do not know who by, but it is in the prisoner's name.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  LORIMER
               



            . I went with the officer to look for the prisoner; we were at the Marquis of Granby - he came in, was taken, and denied the charge. The duplicate was handed over to me before the Magistrate.


                  ROBERT 
                  LAWSON
               



             re-examined. It is my watch, seal, and key. After the prisoner's apprehension, he sent for me to the watch-house; he wished me not to appear against him, and he would give me the duplicate, and a sovereign; I said I must appear. At the public-house opposite the office, I heard him ask two people to go to his room, and in the bedding they would find the duplicate, and to go to his wife for the sovereign; they were brought, and he asked me to take it - I said
"I will if you choose, but I must appear before the magistrate."


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIS
               



            . I am a carpenter. I was with the prosecutor and prisoner, and walked all the way to the barracks with them, arm in arm together; Lawson was in the mid dle - we had drank a glass or two of gin together.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. You fought with him - A. No; we only sparred for about five minutes, after drinking the gin - he appeared to be a little tipsy.
Prisoner's Defence. He said he would make the matter up if I gave him the duplicate; he was so intoxicated we were obliged to carry him in our arms.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
