





1289. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BARKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of September
, a writing desk, value 30 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Stuart
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am laundress to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Stuart
               



            , of Lincoln's Inn


. On the morning of the 21st of September I opened the windows of the chamber, and saw the desk in its usual place - I went into the ajoining room, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I looked out of the window, and saw a crowd of people running; I then went into the square, and saw the people at No. 6 - they came on to our chambers, and asked if I had lost anything: I said No; they said I had better go in and see. I went in, and missed the desk. The window had been pulled down so low that I could not pull it up again; it pulls down, but will not go up; there were footmarks upon it.


                  ANN 
                  WARMAN
               



            . I am laundress to Mr. Lees. I saw the prisoner come out of Mr. Stuart's window, with a desk under his arm.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Had you seen him before - A. Yes; I had seen him that morning, walking about the square, with two other persons. When he got out of the window his back was towards me, but I had seen his face before.


                  GEORGE 
                  WEAR
               



            . I was at the door of the fruit shop in Lincoln's Inn-passage, and saw the prisoner with a desk under his arm - I followed him, and saw him put it into the passage: I went after him - a man came up and collared him; they scuffled, and I believe the prisoner struck him - he then ran away, and was caught by another person.
Cross-examined. Q. This occurence did not take up more than a moment - A. No; he stopped in an instant to put down the desk, and I lost sight of him while he turned the corner of Serle-street.


                  MARY 
                  WILKINSON
               



            . I keep the shop in Lincoln's Inn-passage. I saw the prisoner put the desk down - it was brought into my shop.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
