






242. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     RILEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of December
, a tippet, value 7 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Susannah 
                           Schneider
                        




                     
                  , privately in her shop
            .


                  ANN 
                  ARMSTEAD
               



            . I am in the service of Mrs. 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Schneider
               



            , a furrier
 of Regent-street, Oxford-street


. On the 6th of December, about six o'clock in the evening, the prisoners came into the shop, and asked to see some feathers - they objected to the price; they were about five minutes in the shop; about a dozen small fur collars were on the counter within their reach - they went out. I had to go to the bottom of the shop for the feathers. I missed nothing; but Clements the officer brought them back to to the shop in about five minutes, and asked if the collar was mine, which he produced. I had but one of that colour, and that was gone.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer. I was in Regent-street about ten minutes past six o'clock, and saw Smith go up and show something to a boy, whom I suspected. I went up, took hold of her hand, and said,
"What have you got here", the boy immediately ran off. I took it from her, and found it was the fur tippet, with a shop ticket on it I took her to Mrs. Schneider's, and on the way to the office, Riley came up and spoke to her, and I took her,
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SMITH'S Defence. I picked it up at the shop door.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
RILEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
