





1223. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HEDGES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May
, 9 silver pencil-cases, value 6l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Sampson 
                  Mordan
               



             and 
               
                  Gabriel 
                  Riddle
               



            , his masters.
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.
SAMPSON MORDAN. I am in partnership with Gabriel Riddle - we live in Castle-street, St. Luke's, and are silversmiths

. The prisoner was our errand-boy
. On the 27th of May I was not in town.


                  NICHOLAS 
                  DAVY
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Mordan and Riddle. On the 27th of May I delivered nine pencil-cases to the prisoner - six for Mr. Barry, and three for Mr. Burchall; Mr. Barry's pencils were 3l., and the other 1l. 5s. 6d. each; he did not return to us at all; I afterwards made up other goods for those persons to make up their orders.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRY
               



            . I am a stationer, and live in Bishopsgate-street. I ordered of Messrs. Mordan and Riddle, six ever-pointed pencils in May, which I received on the 1st of June - I received none on the 27th of May; the prisoner did not call that day to my knowledge.


                  ROBERT 
                  BURCHALL
               



            . I am a stationer, and live in the Poultry. I ordered three ever-pointed pencils of Messrs. Mordan and Riddle, on the 26th of May, which I was toreceive the next day, but I did not receive them till I applied again.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I went to various places for this boy, but could not find him - he was brought to the office on the 8th of June.
COURT to 
               
                  NICHOLAS 
                  DAVY
               



            . Q. Did you ask the prisoner, when he was taken, what he had done with them? A. No. The value of all the goods I sent by him was 22l. 10s.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going through Crutched Friars, and four or five persons came up to me - one caught hold of the bag, and ran away with some of the goods; I ran after them, and some one said I had better go home to my masters', but I was frightened, and did not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
