





572. 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  DENNIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of December
, 1 dress, value 23s.; 1 dress body, value 2s. 8 1/2d.; 21 yards of cloth, value 28s.; 1 yard of Irish linen, value 5s., and 1 shirt, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas Frewin 
                  Jenkins
               




            .


                  CHARLES 
                  JENKINS
               



            . I am the father of Thomas Frewin Jenkins; I heard him say he had lost some property, but it has never been found: my son did live at No. 8, Great Castle-street, Oxford-street, but he is now gone to Mexico.


                  EDWARD 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am porter to Halling and Co. of Cockspur-street; they are silk-mercers and haberdashers. On the 3d of December I had some goods to deliver to different persons, and had one parcel to deliver to Dr. Jenkins in Great Castle-street: it had been delivered to me by a clerk, named Terry - I do not know what was in it; I was looking about for Dr. Jenkins', when the prisoner (who was a stranger) came up to me; I told him who I wanted; he then went and showed me the house - I knocked at the door, and he came and stood by the door; I left the parcel at the house - the young woman said it was all right, and there was a parcel to go back; I said I would call for it as I returned; the prisoner heard that and said "You'd better call for it as you come back, 'tis not worth while to carry it with you;" I called as I came back and it was gone - I am quite sure he is the man.


                  SOPHIA 
                  JANE BANBURY
               



            . I did live at No. 8, Castle-street in the employ of Mr. Clark; Dr. Jenkins lived there - The prisoner came to the door with the porter: the porter said he would call for the things when he came back - which he did: but before that, the prisoner had been, and I gave him the parcel - it contained a Swiss dress, cloth for six shirts, and some Irish linen - it was the property of Mr. Jenkins.
Prisoner. Q. What did I say to you? A. You asked for the things that were to go back to Waterloo-house, and I gave them you - I swear you are the man.


                  DAVID 
                  HERRING
               



            . I am an officer, and took charge of the prisoner on the 1st of February - he was then in Waterloo-house; the porter had met him in Spring-gardens, and taken him there. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 52.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
