





FIFTH DAY. TUESDAY, JULY 17.
First Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Recorder.
1402. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SHAW
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of June
, 61 pairs of spectacles, value 27l.; 1 case of drawing instruments, value 18s.; 1 compass and case, value 18s.; 1 thermometer, value 7s.; 2 pairs of compasses. value 2l.; 9 magnifying glasses, value 20s.; 4 rules, value 2l.; 2 egg glasses, in frames, value 12s.; 1 set of drawing instruments, value 30s.; 4 dividers, value 1l.; 2 steel pens, value 8s.; 2 bow pens, value 8s.; 27 files, value 8s.; 2 knives, value 3s.; 2 pencil-cases, value 4s.; 1 pen holder, value 2s.; 1 magnet, value 2s., and 38 spectacle cases, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Elliott
                     




                  , his master
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM ELLIOTT. I am a mathematical instrument maker
. I lived in Great Newport-street


, at the time of the robbery; I now live in Holborn - the prisoner had been fourteen years in my employ. I placed implicit confidence in him, and treated him like a brother. On Monday, the 25th of June, in consequence of information, I went and searched his house. Mr. Glover and two officers were with me; I there found a quantity of my property. I had never given him authority to take it.
Cross-examined by MR. MITCHELL. Q. Had you missed any of these things? A. I missed property at times, but had not the least suspicion of him, and when I have mentioned that things were missing, he has said, it was most likely I had sold it and forgotten it; he did piecework, but never took any thing home except a few wheels. I never allowed him to take any thing else home; he had no tools at home to finish any thing else. I have other workmen, but nobody but him attended in the shop. I thought him incapable of robbing me - I considered him as one of my family.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Look at this letter, is it his handwriting? A. It is; he had 3l. a week. When he first came he had but 1l. a week; the value of the property is 40l. or 50l.
The following extract from the letter was here read: "It is my first fault: I am truly repentant; you will sooner be pleased by saving a man to his family, who truly repents; it is a greater exertion of virtue to save a repentant sinner than a thousand acts of justice."


                  FRANCIS 
                  GORDON
               



            . I am an officer. I went with Mr. Elliott to the prisoner's house; I found all this property in his bed-room, on the second floor. I apprehended him before I went there; he asked what it was for, I told him his master had lost a considerable deal of property - he made no answer.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you find any articles of this sort, except what the prosecutor claimed? A. There were a few trifling things, which he said he would not swear to.
MR. MITCHELL to MR. ELLIOTT. Q. What promise did you make to the prisoner's sister, before he wrote you this letter? A. I told her I did not wish to press the capital charge, as I thought he would be hung if I did; I do not know whether that was before or after he wrote the letter. I desired the attorney not to press the capital charge, as these articles must have been taken at different times.(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY. Aged 36. Of stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
