





FIFTH DAY. MONDAY, JANUARY 20.
Middlesex Cases, First Jury, Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
227. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     RIX
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of December
, three shillings; a sixpence, and two penny-pieces, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Pearman
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  PEARMAN
               



            . On the night of the 21st of December, I was going through St. Giles's


, and stopped by a wall for a necessary purpose. The prisoner came up and put her hand into my pocket, where I had three shillings, a sixpence, and threepence - I felt, and missed it, followed and told her, unless she returned it, I would give her in charge. The watchman secured her.
Prisoner. Q. You gave me a glass of liquor - A. I never spoke to her - she came up and immediately caught me round the waist. I never saw her before.


                  JOHN 
                  KEENE
               



            . I am a watchman. I took her in charge, she denied having any money. I took her to the watch-house; he said she had taken 3 s. 9 d. The beadle searched her, and found only twopence on her, but a sixpence fell from some pieces of paper which were in her pocket.


                  JOHN 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am the beadle. I searched her, and found two penny-pieces, and a sixpence fell from her; she had put some pins in her mouth. I put my hand to her mouth, and felt at least one shilling there - she threw herself back, put her fingers into her mouth, and pulled a pin out - I then saw silver between her teeth. I tried to thrust a key into her mouth, but could not get her jaws open - she then feigned hystericks, and afterwards said,
"You may look now", there was no money then - she must have swallowed it.


                  GEORGE 
                  HEATH
               



            . I am the patrol. Wright's account is correct. I held her by the throat - she was quite black in the face - she must have swallowed the money.
Prisoner's Defence. On my word, I never saw his money; he gave me sixpence and twopence.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
