





1395. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     ADAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 16th of August
, 53 lbs. of lead, value 14 s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Honeysett
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HONEYSETT
               



            . I live at Dalston. This lead was taken from a house which I was finishing in Dowling-place, Kingsland-road


; I had seen it safe at dusk the day before, and at a quarter past five o'clock next morning, the 16th of August, it was gone, it was taken from the centre gutter, and weighed about 100 lbs.: while I was looking at the building, two watchmen came up to me, and asked if I had lost some lead: I said Yes - they said there was a person in Shoreditch watch-house who had taken some; I went there, and saw the prisoner, and about 53 lbs. of lead - I saw it fitted to the gutter, and it fitted exactly - but it was not all: I could swear to it.


                  EVAN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a watchman of Kingsland-road. This building is about one quarter of a mile from my beat. On the morning of the robbery, about half-past five o'clock, after I had been to the watch-house and left my coat, I met the prisoner in Kingsland-road, about half a mile from the watch-house, going towards London, in a direction from the prosecutor's house, with something in a bag on his shoulder - he was alone: I collared him, and enquired what he had got; he said
"What is that to you" - I took him the watch-house: the bag had some lead in it, which weighed 53 lbs.: the edges were bright, as if fresh cut - it was afterwards claimed by Mr. Honeysett: I saw it placed in the gutter, and it fitted exactly: the prisoner gave no account how he came by it: there was some more lead found that morning; I had seen the prisoner at twelve o'clock, and again at three, with two others, coming from a ditch where some lead was afterwards found.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer; the watchman calledon me with the prisoner - I searched him, and found a knife in his pocket, which appeared to have been cutting lead: he told me that a milk boy was going along, and told him there was a bit of lead, and told him to take it up, which he did.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to my work about half-past five o'clock in the morning, by the Duchess of York, and saw a milk boy standing by the lead - he said
"Here is some lead which has been here this half hour, take it up, and come along with me to the watch-house." I took it up, and walked a little way; the watchman met me, and took me.
WM. CARPENTER. I live at No. 23, Caroline-place, Kingsland-road and am a fender maker. I have known the prisoner two years; he has worked for me - during that time; my business began between five or six o'clock in the morning; we use lead in our employ - he lives in Queen-square, Hoxton.


                  EVAN 
                  JONES
               



             re-examined. Q. Was the place where you took the prisoner in the way from Queen-square to Caroline-place - A. No, it was out of the way - it was a quarter of a mile farther than Queen-square.


                  ANN 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I live in Queen-square, Hoxton; my husband is a compositor - my son was at home on that Sunday night, about eleven o'clock: we sleep below, in the front room; the key of the house is hung just inside the door - my son goes to work sometimes at five o'clock in the morning - sometimes before; he sleeps in the upper part of the house - I did not hear him go out in the morning.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I live with my father and mother in Queen-square. I came home on this Sunday night, but I cannot tell at what time; my brother was in bed first. When I came home I let myself in, and asked my mother whether I should fasten the door - she was in her bed-room, but awoke, and answered,
"Yes, they are all in." I had been at Hoxton Academy-chapel, and then went with some young men to take a walk, and then met some young women, and went home with them; but I am certain I got home before twelve o'clock. I awoke the next morning, when my brother was dressing, and asked him what time it was: he looked at the watch, and said it was not five. I cannot tell whether he had been out before; I did not know of his being taken up till Wednesday or Thursday. I think it was my sister who told me, when I enquired on Tuesday morning why he had not come, she said he had slept at his master's. I came home on Tuesday night, they were all in bed: I did not enquire on Wednesday morning, because they were not up when I went out. On Wednesday night I asked where Samuel was; they began to cry, and then told me he had been taken up. I think it was impossible he could have gone out without my seeing him - I had double-locked the door, and put the key in my coat pocket; there are not two keys to the door.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
