





First London Jury - Before Mr. Recorder.
764. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HIGGINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, 1 gold watch, value 10l.; 1 chain, value 1s.; 2 seals, value 2l., and 1 key, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Pritchard
                     




                  , the elder, from his person
            .
WILLIAM PRITCHARD, SEN. I live in New Bridge-street, Blackfriars. On the 17th of March, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, I was going down Earl-street


, and just beyond the Bible Society's house there is a small turning; a man rushe upon me from that turning, and snatched my watch out of my fob - he was alone - I am very near sighted, and could only see him run across the way towards Thames-street - I called out, Stop thief! as loud as I could, but he got away - I cannot speak to his person - I have not found my watch - it was worth about 30l. altogether - I found the prisoner at Guildhall on Tuesday, the 20th.
Cross-examined by MR. PAYNE. Q. Were there many people about? A. Only a few.


                  CATHERINE 
                  CAIGER
               



            . I live at No. 16, Earl-street; my husband is an auctioneer. I was at my own door, and saw the prosecutor in Earl-street; I saw a man, who is not in custody, shove him, and then hand something to the prisoner; I am confident of the prisoner being the man; it happened nearly opposite our house; I had a clear view of him, and identified him at Guildhall on the Tuesday; Mr. Pritchard called out, and put his hand to his fob, but I could not hear what he said; the prisoner ran up Printer-street, and the other man straight towards Blackfriars-bridge; I did not go after them; a person was taken into custody with the prisoner, who I thought was the other man, but I could not swear it; I am certain of the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. Did both the men go towards the bridge? A. Yes; Printer-street is nearer the bridge than where the robbery was - the prisoner came down again out of Printer-street, and stood still till he saw Mrs. Pritchard join her husband - he then ran again - I did not speak to Mr. Pritchard; but the robbery being committed opposite our house, Mrs. Pritchard called on me, and I told her - my child was playing in the street, and I was at the door.


                  CATHERINE 
                  YATES
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Young, of Wardrobe place. I was in Earl-street, and saw the prisoner with another, who is not in custody, go up to Mr. Pritchard - one was on the curb, and the other close against Mr. Pritchard - I did not see them do any thing, but Mr. Pritchard called out, "Oh! my watch!" they both ran up Printer-street, round the Bible Society's house, came into the opening, and ran towards Bridge-street - the prisoner, I fancy, ran up Printer-street, as I lost sight of him - I saw him again in about a minute, in the turning behind the Bible Society's house - he was not secured - on the Monday following I met both the men in Rosoman-street, Clerkenwell - I went home, told my master, and informed Mr. Pritchard - I saw the prisoner in the Compter on the Tuesday, and am certain of him; the other man was in custody at Guildhall, but was discharged - he was nearer to Mr. Pritchard than the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever see the prisoner before? A. No; I was on the opposite side - their backs were towards me, but I had a good view of their faces when they stood in the opening; I did not see the watch taken; when they were in the opening Mr. Pritchard pointed his stick, or umbrella to them; I am certain that the same men came into the opening - I pointed the prisoner out, from among a dozen others, at the Compter - I did not speak to Mr. Pritchard at the time, because I was confused.
COURT. Q. How long was it, from the time you sawthem close to Mr. Pritchard, till you saw them in the opening? A. About a minute - I am confident they were the same persons.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . On Tuesday, the 20th of March, I had a description of the persons - I went to the White Hart public-house, Fleet-market, and saw the prisoner sitting in company with some others - I secured him- I took another person, who was discharged. I fetched Yates to the Compter, where the prisoner was among about twenty more - I told Yates to look through the window of the door at them - she said, "I will swear that is the man."
Cross-examined. Q. Who gave you the information? A. A lad came and asked Mr. Pritchard if he should know the parties if he saw them - I was there, and took that lad into custody - he gave me the information; he had said he could identify them - he went into the taproom, came out, and said, "They are not there;" but I went in, took the prisoner and another, and at the Compter the lad said, "They are the people, but the room was so dark I could not see them" - the boy's character will not bear to come here.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
