





188. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HIGGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of November
, one gold pin, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George Henry 
                           Longridge
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  HENRY LONGRIDGE
               



            . I live in Leicester-square. On the 29th of November, between two and three o'clock, I was standing opposite Somerset House


, as the Queen returned from St. Paul's; some person plucked my pin out of my shirt without my perceiving it, the prisoner stood close by me; I saw it on the ground by him.


                  EDWARD 
                  RHIND
               



            . I am a constable. I saw the prisoner standing in front of Mr. Longridge, and saw him put his right arm over his left shoulder, and take the pin out of Mr. Longridge's shirt; I immediately seized him, and saw him drop it. Another man was going to strike me, but I called my brother officer and he desisted.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HORNER
               



            . I saw the prisoner drop the pin - he kept kicking me to prevent my picking it up.



                  CHARLES 
                  PACEY
               



            . I am a constable. I saw the prisoner and another stop by the prosecutor - his companion lifted a woman's gown up. Rhind secured the prisoner, and I saw him drop the pin.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a constable. I saw the prisoner take the pin, and saw him drop it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
