







1175. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CROCKFORD
                  



               
            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PEARCE
               




            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BATEMAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of May
, 15 window-sashes, value 8l., the goods of 
                     
                        Andrew 
                        Jameson
                     




                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating that the said 
               
                  William 
                  Pearce
               



            , at the Delivery of the King's gaol of Newgate, on the 29th of May, in the 9th year of His present Majesty's reign, was convicted of felony.
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
ANDREW JAMESON. I am a builder
, and live in Green-street, Bethnal-green. I was building some houses in William-street, Bethnal-green


; three of them were nearly finished on the 12th of May - all the window-sashes were glazed and fixed; I saw them safe that night, about six o'clock - I returned next morning, at six o'clock, and fifteen pairs of sashes were gone; I think I have seen them all, but not all the glass - the sashes were broken all to bits; there were some little bits of glass about the frames - the value of the sashes was not less than 20l.; I had some glass shown to me in the watch-house on the 13th -I have examined it carefully, and fitted it to the sashes; I am confident it came from them - it fits the bedding of the putty.
GEORGE CORNER. I am a watchman of Bethnal-green. On the morning of the 13th, about a quarter before four o'clock, I saw three men enter the field near my box, in Three Colt-lane, Dog-row; they each had baskets - I did not then know them, but I imagined they were going to Whitechapel, they were coming in a direction from the prosecutor's premises; I had suspicion, and went up to Crockford, who was behind the other two - I asked what he had in the basket; he said nothing - I caught hold of it, and discovered it was glass; I caught hold of him, and he caught hold of me - we had a scuffle, and I fell; he called to the others to assist him - Pearce looked back twice, but did not return; he got quite away from me, with his basket -I sprung my rattle, and the other two were taken afterwards by some Whitechapel watchmen; I saw them in thewatch-house, and knew them to be the persons I had seen with Crockford that morning - I knew Bateman by his being nearest to Crockford: I had seen him in Whitechapel several times - I had not so good a knowledge of Pearce, and cannot speak positively to him; I said he had a long coat on, and Bateman a flannel jacket; their dress corresponded with the description I gave - before I went to the watch-house I went with two of the Whitechapel watchmen to the field, and found the sashes; this was about half-past six o'clock - it was a quarter of a mile from where I saw the three men, and about one hundred and fifty yards from the prosecutor's premises: the glass had been removed from the sashes - I am certain Crockford is the person I had the scuffle with; I found a basket in the field, which I think had been dropped by Pearce - it was a small basket, with one handle off; I saw Crockford outside the door of Lambeth-street office, and took him.
Cross-examined by MR. DOWLING. Q.Can you speak to Bateman as being one of the parties? A. Yes.
JOHN HOWARD. I am a watchman of Whitechapel-road. On the morning of the 13th of May, at a quarter before four o'clock. I heard a rattle spring; I made towards it, and in Wellington-street I met Bateman and Pearce running - I saw Bateman drop a basket, containing glass; I met them between these houses and Whitechapel - I took up the basket; I afterwards took Pearce, and Kettle took Bateman, in North-street, by their own doors.
Cross-examined. Q. You saw nothing of Crockford then? A. No.
MARTIN KETTLE. I am a watchman. I heard the rattle spring, and saw Howard with a basket in his hand, with some glass in it; I saw nothing of the prisoners then, but we afterwards took Pearce and Bateman at their doors- Corner saw them at the watch-house, and spoke to them as the persons he saw in the field; they did not say they were not there, but said they were going their own way.
ROBERT BLAKE. I am a watchman of Whitechapel. I heard the rattle, and ran nearly two hundred yards; when I got to Wellington-street. I saw Bateman drop this basket, with glass in it - I described his person; he was afterwards taken: he had a flannel jacket and white stockings- I knew him. but did not know the other.
Prisoner BATEMAN. Q.Where is your beat? A.Down by the horse-boilers - I was close by you, and could describe you.
JOHN HEALING. I am a watchman, I was in Wellington-street, and saw Bateman drop the basket - there were two other persons there.


                  THOMAS 
                  DALBY
               



            . I am a watchman. On the morning of the 13th of May I saw a man with a basket of glass on his shoulder, but he got round the corner of Duke-street, into Wellington-street; I went with Corner and Howard, and found the frames about two hundred yards from Mr. Jameson's.
Prisoner BATEMAN. Q. Did not you see me the evening before? A. Yes, about eleven o'clock - you and Pearce passed by me, in the same line that the goods came next morning; I saw nothing of Crockford - about half an hour after the glass was taken we had lost sight of you, and we saw you again; I have seen you with roots, and other things, early of a morning.(Property produced and sworn to.)
CROCKFORD'S Defence. I was merely standing opposite the office, and was taken.
BATEMAN'S Defence. This watchman saw me at half-past eleven o'clock at night; I stop as late as I can to take what money I can to go to market in the morning - when they were taken the frames were all bloody; our hands were not bloody.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  HARPER
               



            . I am a news-agent and bookseller. I live at No. 11, Brace's-buildings, Newmarket-street. East Smithfield. I have known Crockford one year and a half, and lodged with him. On the night of the 13th of May, I let him in at twelve o'clock, and he was in bed with me till seven in the morning; I went out and left him in bed, and when I returned at nine he was not up.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How do you know it was the 13th? A. His father came the same day, and said his son was charged with a robbery - I went up to the Magistrate, but I was ordered out; I offered to state the fact - I am in the habit of sleeping with him, as he has a sister out of place and she sleeps in my apartment. I do not keep any shop -I have bought books of Piper, late Sherwood, Neely, and Sons, Cowie and Strange, and others; I have not been supoenaed here to day - Crockford is a sawyer, and was out of work at that time - he had been at work the week before, but I do not know for whom; his sister slept in the house that night - I let him in at twelve o'clock, and we went to bed together; his sister had gone into her apartment at half-past eleven - she did not see him that night, but she bade him good night as he passed the door; his father slept in the same room with us, and had not gone to bed when he came home - his father and sister went to the Police officer, and a person named Mayne who had been in company with him from twelve at noon till near twelve o'clock at night; he is here to-day - I never saw Pearce till I was at Lambeth-street; I never saw Crockford in company with him, nor with any persons but those whom I believe to be sawyers.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CROCKFORD
               



            . The prisoner is my son. On the night of the 12th of May I will take my oath he was in bed with me - it might be twelve o'clock, or a little before, when he came in, and I called him the morning between four and five o'clock; he said it was no use for him to get up - he never got up till nine o'clock; he could not have gone out without my knowing it - he did not go out, so help me God - he was at home all night.
MR. CLARKSON. Q.Was he taken up the same day? A. Yes, he went out - Pearce's father came to let me know he was taken; I had never seen him before; my son sent word by him where he was; I went to the office, but they would not let me in - they said they wanted no witnesses there; I have a trifle allowed me by the parish, and have been dependent on my son; he had been on the 12th to Hackney, with Mayne, to see if he could get any work - Bethnal-green is the nearest way to Hackney; I do not know the prosecutor's houses - I cannot say whether he had any supper or not; I think I was in bed when he came home - Harper was getting into bed, and when my son came home he let him in; there was a candle - my daughter was gone to bed, perhaps half an hour; she bade him good night - the door was not open, but I heard that through the wainscoat; I cannot tell whether I had anysupper - I frequently go to bed without supper; I had cocoa at tea time, with my daughter - I cannot say whether Harper was there then; twelve o'clock is rather a late hour to go to bed, but I have nothing to do - he did not dine at home on the 12th; he had been to look for his mate, and he could not find him - he went out in the morning, and did not come home till twelve o'clock at night; he had been to Hackney to see for work, and got with a shopmate or two - he had nothing to do at the office the next day, but he went by as I am told.
COURT. Q.What made him stay at home so long as nine o'clock that morning? A. He was very slack of work, and said it would be time enough for his mate; I cannot say what time I got up, but I was partly dressed when the news came that my son was confined - I am lame, it takes me an hour to dress.
JANE CROCKFORD. On the 12th of May, I heard my brother come home about twelve o'clock; he bade me good night.
MR. CLARKSON. Q.What time did you go to bed? A. About half-past eleven, or a little before twelve o'clock- I did not know Pearce till I saw him at Lambeth-street; I did not know Bateman - my father is old, and gets up late - sometimes at ten or eleven o'clock, sometimes twelve; I cannot say what time he got up on the 12th. I am a glove-maker, and work for Mr. Butts, in Leadenhall-street- I cannot exactly say whether my father had dined at home that day, or whether I was at home at tea; I had been to Leadenhall-street on the 10th, but I do not think I went on the 13th - I cannot say whether my father and I drank tea together - we generally have cocoa for tea; my brother went out at half-past nine or a little before ten o'clock that morning - he was in bed at eight, when I got up; I have one key of the street-door, and Mr. Harper has another - Harper went out, I believe, about seven o'clock.
COURT. Q. Did he dine at home? A. No.
THOMAS MAYNE. I am a sawyer, and live at No. 7. Gower-place, Mill-yard, Cable-street - I know Crockford- I have been a mate of his. On the 12th of May I was with him (but not at work) from half-past twelve o'clock at noon till a quarter before twelve o'clock at night.
MR. CLARKSON. Q.What were you doing? A. I met him opposite Mr. Richmond's, in Old-street-road - I did not go in there: we went and had two pints of beer at a public-house at the back of the Vinegar-yard - we then went to Cambridge-heath, stood on the bridge for half an hour, and saw a young fellow who is waiter at the Rose and Crown public-house; we went into the Hare public-house, and had a game at skittles; this was about five o'clock - we had passed some time at the other house, where we went to have some beer; I do not know where the prosecutor's buildings are - there are new buildings in many parts about there; I was with Crockford till a quarter before twelve at night, I then went home and went to bed.
 - PEARCE. I am Pearce's father. He was at home on the night before, and the watchman came and took him against my house - he said there were two more in it - I went to speak for my son; Kettle came out, and said,"You may go home, and make yourself comfortable, not one of us can swear to him;" when the two lads were taken, they wanted to lay it to my son, and then Howard said it was Bateman.


                  MARTIN 
                  KETTLE
               



            . He came to me in the evening, and said, "You are a pretty fellow to take my son;" I said I could not swear to him.
JOHN HOWARD. I never said that it was Pearce had the basket, and then said it was Bateman.
ROBERT BLAKE. I was there about ten minutes before four o'clock I saw Bateman and another; it was Bateman dropped the basket, and Howard took it.


                  GEORGE 
                  CORNER
               



            . I saw three persons, and Crockford was one - I seized him, was knocked down, and he got away; I saw him again at the office: I had not known him before, but I am positive he is the man - I saw him two or three seconds in the scuffle, and I saw him when they entered the field.
WILLIAM MICHELL. I produce a certificate of the conviction of Pearce for felony, on the 29th of May - I was present at his trial, and know he is the man (read).
PEARCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
BATEMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
CROCKFORD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
