





1760. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  DUTTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of August
, three iron locks, value 7s., and 22 squares of glass, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Dunstan
                     




                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am agent to Mr. Thomas Dunstan - he has a house in Pleasant-row, Mile-and Old-town, Stepney


; I was at that house on Tuesday, the 26th of August - it had been lately repaired, and was unoccupied; I afterwards received information, and went there - I found the sashes broken, the glass gone, and the locks gone off three doors; I did not find any of the articles - they had been previously taken care of; the glass was worth 1s. 6d. a square.


                  GEORGE 
                  MASSEY
               



            . I am a watchman of Mile-end Oldtown. I was on duty in Pleasant-row on the 28th of August; at four o'clock in the morning I went up to the prosecutor's house, and saw a piece of flannel in the keyhole - I pushed it through, and then missed the lock; I called the other watchman, and he came - I had seen the place all right at three o'clock - the other watchman came, with a lamp-lighter, who put his ladder up and opened the window; he said, "There are thieves in the back part" - I went round, and found the prisoner and another man coming over the back fence; I sprung my rattle, and sung out, Stop thief! the prisoner was taken by a man going to his labour - I followed him, and had kept him in sight, oxcept just as he turned the corner; I took him to the watch-house, and found this chisel on him.


                  JAMES 
                  FULLER
               



            . I heard a watchman's rattle on the 28th of August, opened the window and looked out; I saw the prisoner running, and Massey caught hold of him - I saw the prisoner throw something from his pocket.
Prisoner. I do not suppose that witness saw me throw anything away. Witness. Yes, I did, and my brother went and picked them up - it was those two screws.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHRISTIAN
               



            . On the 28th of August the prisoner was brought to the watch-house - I searched him, and found some matches and a short pipe on him; I went to the house, and found twenty-two squares of glass in the back room, and four sashes broken to pieces; I found the lock of the street door broken. and lying in the passage - it had been broken evidently by force from the outside - I received these two screws from Fuller; I compared them with the holes in the door where the lock had been taken off, and they fitted exactly.
MR. WALKER. The key of the street door lock was in my possession, and is here now.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to my work about half-past four o'clock that morning, when I was stopped by a man, and they took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
