






648. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARRIOTT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 29th of March
, one handkerchief, value 5 s.
            , the goods of a certain 
               man


             whose name is unknown.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLASBORO
               



            . I am a patrol. On the 29th of March, about half-past three o'clock, I was in Coventry-street, and saw the prisoners in company, they made some observations, and I passed, and crossed to the other side of the way, and turned down Oxendon-street, along Panton-street, into the Haymarket, crossed the Colonade, into Cockspur-street


, and just by a picture shop there, I saw Marriott pull a handkerchief out of a gentleman's pocket. Thompson was close to him, the gentleman crossed over to the Mews, and by that Marriott pulled it further out of the pocket, and when they came to the NorthumberlandCoffee-house he pulled it quite out and dropped it on the ground, and stopped to pick it up; Thompson was close to him, and just as he was rising with it, I secured them both, Thompson struggled and got away; I told the gentleman he was robbed, and begged him to go to the watch-house; he refused his name and address, saying he was going out of town that night; Thompson was taken ten days after.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I took Thompson, he said, he was distressed at the time he did it.
MARRIOTT'S Defence. I met Thompson, and at Charing-cross, we stopped for some waggons to pass - I saw the gentleman's handkerchief fall from his pocket, I picked it up to give him, when I was secured.
MARRIOTT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury before Mr. Arabin, Esq.
