





Second London Jury - before Mr. Justice Littledale.
1586. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  COSTIN
               




             was charged, on the Coroner's inquisition only, for the wilful murder of William Costin; and indicted for 


               feloniously killing and slaying the said 
                     
                        William 
                        Costin
                     




.


                  SARAH 
                  NEWELL
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Newell
               



            ; we live in Parson's-court, Islington. On Friday afternoon, the 15th of August, I was in Sinnot's dust-yard, in Coppice-row, Clerkenwell


; the prisoner was there and his son William, who was about ten years old; we were sifting dust; about a quarter-past four o'clock in the afternoon, the son had a pewter pint pot in his hand with some tea in it; the prisoner asked his son for some tea - he gave him the pot and laughed - I do not know why he laughed, unless it was about the tea; they had been at work there all the afternoon, and were friendly together - I heard no words between them; I did not see the father drink, but I saw him throw the pot, and the boy fell; I saw the pot fly before me, but did not see him throw it; he was about two yards from his son - I do not know how much tea there was in the pot when the son handed it to him, or whether there was any; when the boy fell I saw the father jump off the dust-hill, pick him up, and take him a little distance off, then run back, he fetched a handkerchief off the hill, and in a few minutes both he and the boy were gone: I saw some blood come from the side of the boy's head; his father immediately went for the handkerchief - the boy stood there while he fetched it - the prisoner seemed extremely sorry, but I did not hear any words pass between them; he was a kind father to the boy.


                  ROSETTA 
                  FLINT
               



            . I was in Sinnot's yard sifting dust; the prisoner and his son were then at work - the son was taking the stuff away as we sifted it; about four o'clock the boy had a pewter pint pot in his hand; the father asked him for a drop of tea - the boy gave him the pot and langhed at him - I do not know why he laughed, or whether there was any tea in the pot, though I had seen some in it before; the father said, it was not pretty in him to laugh at him, and threw the pot at him; I did not see it go out of his hand - it struck him on the right side of his head - I saw the blood; the boy fell on the stones - the prisoner took him up immediately, fetched a handkerchief off the dust heap. and led him out of the yard by the hand; I had seen the son laugh myself; I do not think I ever said I had not: the father appeared very sorry for what he had done.


                  OLIVE 
                  ASHLEY
               



            . I was in Sinnot's yard - the prisoner and his son William, who was about ten years old, were there - the son had some cold tea in a pewter pot; the prisoner asked him for a drop; he then drank the tea out of it, then gave the pot to the father and laughed at him; the prisoner never spoke a word - I cannot say whether he looked into the pot or put his mouth to it - I did not see the pot thrown; he was about two yards from his son on a little heap, about a quarter of a yard high; the son stood on the ground; I did not see the pot thrown, but saw the boy fall before me at the side of the heap I was sitting on - I did not see the pot, as it gave me a turn; the father jumped off the heap, took him up immediately and stood him five or six yards off, while he fetched a handkerchief off the hill, then the boy walked out of the yard with him; I cannot say what the father did with the handkerchief; he appeared sorry for what he had done and cried very much all next day: they were always very friendly, and were so that afternoon; he was a very good father to him.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRISON LAWRENCE
               



            . I am an apothecary, and live in Ray-street, Clerkenwell. The boy was brought to me on the 15th of August by the prisoner; he had a violent blow on the right side of the head; it was a lacerated wound - had fractured the bone, and the brains protruded; I merely applied a handkerchief as a bandage to keep it steady - it bled, and I advised his being sent to St. Bartholomew's hospital; the boy was about ten or eleven years old; a pewter pot might have inflicted the wound - anything with a circular edge might have done it; the boy remained in my shop about ten minutes while the prisoner fetched him a jacket - he then took him away on his back to the hospital.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  NORMAN WEEKS
               



            . I am house-surgeon of St. Bartholomew's hospital. On Friday, the 15th of August, this boy was brought in - I do not know who by; he was about ten years old; I found a large lacerated wound on the right side of the head - his skull was extensively fractured and driven in on the bone; the wound was about three inches long and about three quarters deep; the skull was fractured just above the right ear - part of the brain was exposed, and came through the wound - every thing proper was done to him; I saw him several times every day - he got worse, and died on Friday, the 21st, at the hospital: his head was opened, and the right hemisphere of the brain was in a state of suppuration; he died of inflammation on the brain, arising from the blow he had received; it might have been inflicted by the sharp edge of anything; a pewter pot might have occasioned it.


                  DANIEL 
                  BENJAMIN LEADBETTER
               



            . I am a marshal's-man of the City. St. Bartholomew's Hospital is in the City.
Prisoner's Defence. I asked him for a drop of cold tea - he kept laughing at me and making game of me; I said, "If you don't be quiet with your games, I'll give you a pat of the head" - he gave me the pint pot with just the grounds of the tea; I went to heave the pot away - he turned away and fell against a large stone; I went and picked him up, and found his head bleeding; I tied it up and took him down to the doctor's - I then brought him to the hospital, and held him while they dressed him.


                  ROSETTA 
                  FLINT
               



             re-examined. The boy's head went on a stone.


                  OLIVE 
                  ASHLEY
               



            . I saw a stone in the yard - it was dug up and taken to the prisoner's house; he fell with his face on the stone.
Mr. WEEKS. If he had simply fallen on a stone I think this sort of wound would not have followed - he must have been struck with considerable violence.

Q. Suppose he had been knocked down with the pot, and fallen on a stone, and the part where the wound was had come in contact with the stone, would the same wound have been produced? A. I think it possible, but not very probable.
MRS. NEWELL. When his head was struck his face was towards the prisoner.
ROSETTA FLINT. His face was towards the prisoner when I saw him; and when he was struck his back was towards him.


                  OLIVE 
                  ASHLEY
               



            . I saw nothing of him after he gave his father the pot - his face was towards him then.
MR. WEEKS. It is impossible for me to say whether the blow was occasioned by the pot, or stone - there was only one blow.
JURY to ROSETTA FLINT. Q. Did you see the boy hold the pot to his father? A. Yes - he was about two yards off; and when the boy was down the pot lay on the right side, I think.
OLIVE ASHLEY. The boy fell at my feet - his face pitched on the stone; he was about two yards from his father, and stretched his hand out to give him the pot.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.
Of Manslaughter only. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
