





Before Mr. Recorder.
928. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  GATES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of April
, 1 gold pin, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Lodge
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH LODGE. I am a servant
 out of place. On the2d of April I was in Pickett-street, Temple-bar


 - the prisoner came up against me; I do not know whether she said any thing to me; she was with another girl; I did not speak to either of them at that time - I was going home at a quick pace - I saw the prisoner's hand go to my handkerchief, in which this pin was; I pulled off my glove and felt, and it was gone; I instantly laid hold of the prisoner, and took it out of her mouth; I was satisfied, and was going away, but I dropped my glove - the watchman called me back to fetch my glove - he asked what had happened, and he fetched them both back - they were taken to the watch-house.


                  MICHAEL 
                  BOWEN
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw Lodge scuffling with the prisoner about ten o'clock at night; I came up and parted them; he was going on, but dropped his glove; another watchman called him back to take it; he then said she had taken the pin; I went after her, and she was taken with another woman - she was very abusive.


                  WILLIAM 
                  INGRAM
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house with Eliza Smith(See page 533) - she did not deny it, but was abusive.


                  JOHN 
                  BEAN
               



            . I am a watchman, and saw the prosecutor take the pin from the prisoner's mouth.
Prisoner's Defence. He asked me to walk with him; he said he had no money, but would give me the pin - he would have it again, as I would not act as he wished; he took it from my mouth, and I called him names.
J. LODGE. I was not going with her; I believe I did not speak to her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
