







1073. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               




            , 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               




            , and

                  HENRY 
                  BELL
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th March
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d, the goods of 
                     
                        Peter 
                        Vernez
                     




                  , from his person
            .
PETER VERNEZ. On the 4th of March I was coming through Temple-bar


; the officer came to me, and said I had been robbed; I felt and missed my handkerchief from my pocket; he then took me back to pursue the three prisoners; he took them into a shop, and secured them - I had my handkerchief within ten minutes before I lost it.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITTINGHAM
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the three prisoners in company opposite Catherine-street - they followed the prosecutor, and Williams attempted his pocket several times - just as they got to Temple-bar, I saw Williams take the handkerchief out, and fling it back to Bell, who was with Jones, just behind him - I crossed the street and spoke to the prosecutor; they had then got to the Strand; I followed them, and pushed them into a tobacco-shop - this handkerchief was under Bell's arm in a hard lump; I saw Jones with the other two for ten minutes; Bell and him were close behind Williams when he took the handkerchief; they must both have seen him do it; and when I went back after them, Williams and Jones were together, and Bell in front of them.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
BELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.






               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
