






674. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  CRAWLEY
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  ADAMS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February
, 4 shirts, value 30s.; 2 shifts, value 10s.; 1 gown, value 5s., and 1 pair of stockings, value 2s.
             the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Humphries
               




            .
JOHN HUMPHRIES. I live at Westminster


, my wife takes in washing. About four o'clock, on the 7th of February, I saw her take some linen down from a drying ground, at the back of my house - it was put into a basket in the middle of the ground - she then came in to her tea - and in about seven minutes, we were alarmed by a cry that somebody had been in the ground, and taken some things- we went into the ground and found the basket, but the greater part of the things were gone.
Cross-examined by Mr. BARRY. - Q. Who did these articles belong to? A. Three of them belonged to a gentleman of the name of Green - I have known Adams from his infancy, he lived near me.
JURY. Q. Has your ground any fence round it? A. It has a wall, but the gate is open for the use of the persons who live in the house.


                  MARY 
                  GREEN
               



            . I lodge at Humphries'. I was on the stair-case about four o'clock - and as I passed the staircase window, I saw Adams take some white linen from the basket - he took them out of the gate - I gave an alarm just as he got out of the gate.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you run out of the gate to give an alarm? A. Yes; but he was not taken - I am quite certain of his person - he had a white hat on - I have never said I did not know him but by his having a white hat - I saw him plainly from the window (which was fifteen or sixteen yards from the basket), when he walked out with them - I had not known him before; I saw him again before the Magistrate, about three weeks afterwards- and was quite certain he was the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DEAN
               



            . I am an apprentice, in Regent-street, Westminster. I was in Fine-street, close by Humphries' drying-ground, between three and four o'clock on the 7th of February; I saw the two prisoners about two yards from the ground; I knew Adams perfectly well, and I had seen Crawley before; I did not see them do any thing.


                  ELEANOR 
                  WORMLEY
               



            . I live in Bowling-street, Westminster, some distance from Mr. Humphries'. I was going to an adjoining street between three and four o'clock, on the 7th of February and saw Crawley standing alone at Mr. Humphries' gate; I looked at him, and wondered what he stood there for; I then saw Adams come out of the gate with some things, which appeared part linen and part flannel, in his hand - he appeared to have dipped it out of a basket of linen; he then whisped them up, and took them away; I saw Mary Green coming down the staircase; she came out and said "Did these two men come out of here?" I said Yes; she said "It is Humphries' linen;" the men were then gone.
Cross-examined. Q. Were the persons ever brought to you afterwards? A. No; I was at the Police Office; I did not say there that I only knew the man I called Adams by his having a white hat on; I saw them both so plainly that I knew them.


                  ANN 
                  WHITROE
               



            . I live in Peter-street, Westminster. On the 7th of February, I saw three boys going toward Perkin's-Rents; Crawley was one of them, and he had a bundle of linen; I knew him before; his father and mother live near me; Adams, to the best of my belief, was one of those with him.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know how the third boy was dressed? A. He had a blue coat on, and a black hat; Adams had a white hat on; they returned shortly, and passed my door with some money, which they seemed to be dividing.
CRAWLEY's Defence. I was very ill that day; I had returned home ill from my master's, in Hampstead-road, the day before.
CRAWLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
ADAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
