





17. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM PRICE 
                     WALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on 25th of October
, one handkerchief, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Greensill
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GREENSILL
               



            . I am a clerk
 in the Ordnance Office, and live at Islington. On the 25th of October, between one and two o'clock, I was in Ball-alley


, walking towards the Bank. I had a silk handkerchief in my pocket - I felt a twitch at it, and upon turning round saw the prisoner putting something into his pocket. Nobody but him wasnear enough to take my handkerchief; I felt and missed it - he ran past me into George-yard, and turned into Lombard-street. I kept calling Stop thief! he was stopped. I merely lost sight of him while turning the corner. I am certain he is the man. The handkerchief was produced - he appeared alone.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENDERSON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Carter of Lombard-street. As I came to George-yard, the prisoner rushed by me, and crossed to go up Three King-court, running in a direction from the cry. I pursued, and he was stopped a few yards up the court. I found the handkerchief in his hand, which I gave to the constable with him. He said he had picked nobody's pocket, before any questions were put to him.


                  JOHN 
                  WATSON
               



            . I heard the cry of Stop thief, and saw the prisoner running up Three King-court. I was in the court, and stopped till he came up - he said,
"Don't stop me;" I seized him, and saw the handkerchief in his hand. Henderson took it from him.


                  HENRY 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge with the handkerchief.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I throw myself on your mercy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
