








Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
1641. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HODGES
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     TODD
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LUMBLEY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WHEATLEY
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of August
, 60lbs. weight of horse-hair, value 9l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Purkis
                        




                     
                  , their master
, in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PURKIS
               



            . I am a horse-hair manufacturer
, and live at No. 9, Worship-street, Shoreditch


. I employ about thirty men and women of different ages. Hodges has worked for me about thirteen years, Todd about two, Lumbley one, and Wheatley has been twice with me. On the 19th of June I opened two bales of horse-hair, which came from South America - they weighed about 20cwt.; the prisoner, with others, had the working and clearing of it; I was losing hair daily from that time till the 15th of August. 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Murphy
               



             came to ask me for work on the 16th of July - he was an entire stranger to me - I engaged him; he worked with me a fortnight, and then left, for what cause I did not know. On the 15th of August, at nine o'clock, he came and gave me information; I went to Garton next morning, with Murphy; I got a search-warrant, and went to No. 48, Church-street, Mile-end, where one Stockings, an old servant of mine, lived; Hanley searched his house, in my presence, and found a lot of Irish ox-tail hair, and South American horse-hair - I knew it to be my hair - it had been twice in my hands since the Sunday before, at one o'clock; I particularly remember having had it twice - it was not finished property - I can swear to the whole of the hair - nobody but Stockings and his wife live in the house.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you any partner? A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  HANLEY
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. I went with Garton to Purkis' house, about eight o'clock on the evening of the 17th of August; the prisoners Hodges, Todd, and Lumbley, were leaving work; I laid hold of Hodges and Todd, and on searching Hodges I found, concealed between his shirt and skin, this hair, and in his right hand breeches pocket, I found another parcel of hair; on searching Todd I found nothing on him, but this paper of hair was on the ground, between him and Hodges, and it was not there when I first got there - I afterwards went to Lumbley's lodgings, and found a very small quantity of hair in a cupboard - there was a bunch of bristles, and a little hair; I afterwards went, with Armstrong and Purkis, to Stockings' house; neither of the prisoners lodge there, that I know of; I found a quantity of hair there (producing it.)
Q. Did you say any thing to Hodges to induce him to say anything? A. No; on taking him from the watch-house to the office, he said the hair found in his breast he had taken from his master's kitchen.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you given them any notice that you intended to stop them? A. No; I found nothing on Lumbley's person - I searched his lodgings very minutely, and found only this small quantity - he said it was his own.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARTON
               



            . I am a constable, and went with Hanley to Purkis' house, and took charge of Hodges, Todd, and Lumbley; I saw the hair found as he has described; one parcel laid between Todd and Hodges; I received charge of Wheatley next morning, at Purkis' house; I afterwards went to Stockings' house, and found the hair.


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I was with the witnesses, and found the property.


                  DANIEL 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I worked for Mr. Purkis for a fortnight - all the prisoners worked there; I left his service for fear I should be brought into this business, as I saw them take the hair away round their bodies every mealtime, at breakfast, at dinner, and at night; I saw Hodges conceal some round his body every day during the fortnight; I saw Todd take some every day, in the same way; I only saw Lumbley do it once - he took about 1lb. or 11/2lb., out of the kitchen, about three days before I left; I saw Wheatley take hair away round his body every day while I was there; Mr. Purkis sleeps in the house adjoining his shop - I left because I was afraid they would draw me into it.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you afraid your principles would be corrupted? A. They asked me every day if I would have any thing to do with it; Todd, in particular - I was once accused here of stealing a fowl, but was acquitted honourably; I was in gaol about five weeks - I have not been accused of any thing else - that was last Session - it was before I gave this information; I came to work for Mr. Purkis again after I told him of this.
Q. Was it not to get into his employ that you gave him information? A. No - I could not rest without telling him - it was about 1lb. or 11/2lb. of long hair that Lumbley took.
Prisoner TODD. Q. Did I not ask why you were going, and you said you would see master d-d before you would work for 6s. a week? A. No - I saw you take hair every day while I was there. I was afraid to tell - I thought I should get them all hideing me.


                  PHILIP 
                  WADE
               



            . I have worked nearly ten years for Mr. Purkis. I have seen all the four prisoners take hair, and conceal it round them. I only saw them do it once. I saw Lumbley and Wheatley do it at the kitchen stairs - they took 1lb. or 11/2lb. I saw Todd and Hodges take some about a week before. Todd took about 1lb. and Hodges took 1lb. or 11/2lb. a week or two after that.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you now in the prosecutor's employ? A. I left once because I got more wages. I thought they were doing wrong, but I was afraid to tell my master till he asked me about it the day after the prisoners were taken. I worked for Mr. Purkis' foreman when I left him - it was long black hair that Lumbley took.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PURKIS
               



            . I believe the hair to be mine. I can swear to what was found on Hodges, for I had seen it twice that day - the hair I lost was worth about 3s. a lb.
LUMBLEY's Defence. That hair happened to be among some which I found in an old chair.
HODGES' Defence. Wade first wished me to take it.
PHILIP WADE. It is false.
TODD's Defence. I worked hard for Mr. Purkis, and had but 7s. a week - he would never give me more - he accused me several times of taking hair, which he had no proof of.
WHEATLEY's Defence. I know nothing about it.

ELIZABETH SMITH. The hair found at Lumbley's lodgings appears to me to come out of a chair which I sold him. HODGES - GUILTY. Aged 16.
TODD - GUILTY. Aged 24.
LUMBLEY - GUILTY. Aged 26.
WHEATLEY - GUILTY. Aged 18.




               Of stealing under the value of 5l.
            








               Transported for Seven Years
            .
