






1686. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     KING
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CONDON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 9s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Loftus Henry 
                           Bland
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a parish officer. I heard a cry of Stop thief! on the 31st of July, about six o'clock in the evening, in King-street; I saw the two prisoners running, Condon first and King after him - I took King, and called to a gentleman, who took Condon; I took this handkerchief from a person who picked it up - I did not see it dropped; I went to the office, and heard a gentleman, who stated his name to be Loftus Henry Bland, examined; he stated the handkerchief to be his.


                  MARTIN 
                  CHARLES BARTON
               



            . I am an upholsterer, and live in Brownlow-street. I was in Bloomsbury-place


, and saw three gentlemen walking together, the middle gentleman had his handkerchief a little out of his pocket; I saw the two prisoners together - they went up behind him, and King took the handkerchief; I had watched them for some time - I went up to the gentleman, and said, "Sir, have you not lost your handkerchief?" he felt, and said, "I have;" the prisoners went off, but were pursued and taken directly; the gentleman, whose pocket I saw picked, went to the office, and gave his name as Loftus Henry Bland.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. How far from the place were the prisoners taken? A. They had just turned round the corner of King-street; I did lose sight of them; I do not know who took the handkerchief from the ground; I was told it was taken up at the corner of Bloomsbury-place, at a fishmonger's shop - the prisoners went quietly to the watch-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  BENSON
               



            . I was with the officer, and took Condon; I received this handkerchief from a boy.
Cross-examined. Q. Where did you receive the handkerchief? A. Within about twenty yards of where it was thrown down; I saw it thrown, and it was given me by a baker's boy - I was taking Condon back to the place to take it up; I should think it was not a minute from the time it was taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . This is the handkerchief - I saw the prosecutor sign his deposition.
Condon's Defence. I am an apprentice
 to Mr. Samuel Bentley, of Salisbury-square.
KING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
CONDON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
