





London Cases, First Jury.
Before Mr. Recorder.
907. 
               
                  THOMAS RUSSELL 
                  PIGRAM
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution

Mr.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLEN
               




            . I am a wholesale cheesemonger
. The prisoner was in my service, and entrusted to collect monies for me. Mr. Parton, of Chatham, was a customer, and indebted to me. The prisoner never accounted to me for two sovereigns received from him.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. What salary had the prisoner? A. Thirty-five shillings a week; he has a wife and two children - he has stated to me that he has repaid 75l. and 25l., which he had used, but I know nothing of that; I know nothing of any deficiency prior to February - he never returned any money to me, as having used it.


                  HENRY 
                  PARTON
               



            . I am a grocer, and live at Chatham. I dealt with Mr. Allen, through the prisoner, and on the 26th of December
 I paid him two sovereigns on account of Mr. Allen. I took no receipt, but made a memorandum of it.
Cross-examined. Q. Might not you have paid him in silver? A. No - I am certain it was sovereigns.
Q. Did he borrow 2l. of you? A. He asked me to lend him two soverigns - I gave them to him, and told him to place them to my credit, as I owed Mr. Allen an account; I made it an express condition that he was to put it to my credit.


                  CHARLES 
                  THOMAS NEALE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's clerk - it was the prisoner's duty to account to me for money he received. When he came from his Christmas journey he delivered me an account, in his own hand-writing, which I produce - here is no account of this 2l.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know of his being deficient in 75l. and 25l., and paying it back when he got money? A. He certainly was deficient; when I applied for 75l. to Mr. Alchin, of Hastings, he said he had paid it; the prisoner was on a journey at the time, and when he returned included it in his cash account, as if he had received it that journey. I believe he borrowed 150l., by his wife's means, to raise it.
Mr. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was that before or after you discovered it? A. Afterwards, about February this year - he had received it in August.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
