






1925. 
               
                  JOSHUA 
                  CROSS
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  COLLINS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, 82lbs. of solder, value 40s., and 21lbs. of lead, value 3s. 6d.
            , the goods of Our Lord 
               
the King



            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to the Honorable


                  William Sturges 
                  Bourne
               



            , 
               
                  William Dakers 
                  Adams
               



            , Esq.
, and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Dawkins
               



            , Esq.


MR. BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  BOSTON
               



            . I am a porter, and live in Tottenham-court-road. On the 7th of September, at a quarter to seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoners in company together, in Castle-street, Leicester-fields; they appeared bulky in front; I met Murray, we followed them into a plumber's shop in Gray's-inn-lane - I went in and seized Cross, and said, "I must have what you have got here;" I unbuttoned his breeches, and suspended to a strap, was this piece of lead; the buckle of the strap was fixed to the center brace - I opened the lead and found this solder inside- the lead was nailed round it; I asked where he got it, he said he found it near the Diorama, Regent's-park, and they were both out of employ.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  MURRAY
               



            . I joined Boston, and followed the prisoners into the shop. I found six bars of solder under Collins' clothes, nailed in a piece of lead - here is a hole in it which fastened on his braces in front; he said he found it in some rubbish in Regent's-park.


                  JOHN 
                  GROOM
               



            . I am a constable. On the 7th of September I saw the prisoners coming down Pall-mall, towards Cockspur-street; about twenty minutes to six o'clock; they had something bulky in front; but I could not stop them, as I was going on business.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROLES
               



            . I am clerk of the works at Buckingham-palace; the prisoners have been employed there some time, as plumbers' labourers, they leave work about half-past five o'clock; there is such lead and solder as this at the Palace, it is new - they might have access to it with the assistance of the plumber's foreman, who absoconded on the following morning. Here is scratched on the lead, "Centre building," and on the solder, here is "North;" which I presume, means the north wing.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Who wrote that you cannot tell? A. No; the prisoners were employed there that day; the solder and lead is delivered to the foreman. I cannot swear it ever was at the Palace; nothing was allowed to be taken away.


                  THOMAS 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a labourer in trust. I was at work on the centre building of Buckingham-place; the prisoners were labourers there - the men are all told they are to take nothing away. I saw Collins on the roof of the centre building at five o'clock - the foreman delivers out the solder.
CROSSY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
COLLINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
