





1782. 
               
                  ESTHER 
                  STUFF
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of August
, 1 purse, value 1s., 1 sash, value 2s., 1 collar, value 7s., 1 piece of lace, value 1s., 1 piece of ribbon, value 6d., 1 pair of stockings, value 2s., and 1 sovereign
            , the property of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Harrison
               




            .
SAMUEL HARRISON. I am a linen-draper
, and live in Charlotte-street Fitzroy-square


. On the 18th of August, at half-past nine o'clock at night, I was at supper - the prisoner has been my servant
 for about six months; we heard a noise, and my wife said "There is some one in the shop;" I said, that could not be, as I had closed the front door - I had counted the cash in the till before I went to supper - I went into the shop and missed a sovereign; I called up the prisoner and charged her with it; she denied it - I asked if she would have any objection to let me see her box - she said she had no objection; she went up stairs and opened the box herself; I found various things belonging to me in it - this purse was in her pocket; she said this was her own, and she brought in from the country: this purse was in her pocket, this gauze sash was in her box, and this collar, this piece of lace, which my wife had had about one of her caps and had lost it, and this pair of my wife's silk stockings - they are all mine - no other person could have taken the sovereign; I gave them to the constable.
Prisoner. Q. Have you any of them marked? A. Yes; I marked them when I bought them.
Q. No, you marked them the morning after? A. No, I did not.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JAMES DONKIN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at No. 15, Norfolk-street, Middlesex-hospital. The prisoner pawned some things with me, but they are not in the indictment.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence (written.) On Monday, the 16th of August, I was in bed about ten o'clock at night, when my mistress came to my bed-room door, and desired me to get up - my master followed her, and insisted on my getting up, as he had missed a sovereign; they searched my pocket, and found nothing in it but an old purse - they then searched my work bag; in it was a pair of black silk stockings that I had washed and mended, but had omitted taking them up stairs; in my box was a waist ribbon I had purchased in the shop of my master after I had been there about a month, a black handkerchief I had bought in the country, a small ganze scarf I gave 1s. 3d. for in Charles-street, Soho-square, all of which they have sworn to as their property, as well as a collar I had given to me by a friend, and was in pledge, with some other things, for 10s.; my master and mistress both said if I would say where the sovereign was they would not send for an officer, but pay me my wages, and I should return to my friends; next morning, when they searched the shop, the sovereign was found on the floor; though they had found it, they sent next morning for an officer.
SAMUEL HARRISON. I told her if she did not tell me where the sovereign was, I would send for an officer; she then came down into the shop, and took it up from a corner, as she pretended, but I think she had it in her mouth; she brought me down 10s., which she said she had picked up, but I do not think she had; I had frequently missed money out of the till.
Prisoner. I took the lamp into the shop to have oil in it- I saw the sovereign lay in the shop; I touched it with my foot, but not with my hands - I thought it did not lay in my way, and I did not meddle with it; they called me up, and took my key - my mistress unlocked my box, and searched it; I told them I saw the sovereign in the shop - my mistress took it up, and put it into my master's hand.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HARRISON
               



             re-examined. Q. At what time did she produce the sovereign? A. In about half an hour; she said her mistress would not know where to find it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
