





738. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of April
, one scarf, value 20 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Frances 
                           Yenn
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .



                  FRANCES 
                  YENN
               



            . I live in Queen-street, Covent-garden. On Sunday, the 29th of April, I was crossing the top of Orchard-street, Westminster


, with my sister, about a quarter before nine o'clock; a man came behind me and snatched my scarf from my neck, and ran off with it - it was tied round, I had hold of it, and caught one end. He snatched it from me - I cried Stop thief! and another man stopped me, turned me round, and struck me on the back - my sister pursued him, and he was brought back in about seven minutes; his dress corresponded with the man who took my scarf - I have no doubt of his being the man. When we were at the office, before the examination, he said if I would not prosecute him, he would return it, if he could find it, and make any recompence - when I was before the Magistrate, I said I could not swear to his person, but his dress answered, I do not now speak to his features.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODERICK. Q. It was quite dusk? - A. Yes. I only saw his back - he said he knew nothing about it, not that it was thrown at him.


                  ELIZA 
                  YENN
               



            . I was walking with my sister - a man came behind and snatched her scarf, I turned round and pursued him, and never lost sight of him till he was stopped by Davis with the scarf in his hand.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a dyer; I heard a female cry Stop thief! and saw the prisoner, with other boys, running with the scarf in his hand; I stopped him, the gang came round, and in the scuffle I could not see what became of the scarf, I collared him two or three hundred yards from the spot, where he ran from; I attended at the office and heard the prosecutrix say to him,
"You took my scarf," he said, I shall not deny it, but will return it, and make you a present to say nothing about it; she said she would not do it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
