





1262. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HARRISON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of July
, one watch, value 50 s.; two seals,value 30 s.; one chain, value 1 s., and one key, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hazell
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HAZELL
               



            . I am an accountant
, and lodge at the prisoner's mother's, in Well-street, Oxford-street


. On Sunday morning, the 23d of July, I left my apartments to go to Epping-forest. I left the key of the room with his mother. I returned next day between eight and nine at night, and my watch was gone from the case on the mantle-piece. I suspected him. Jones took him three days after, in bed. He lived with his mother, who is a widow.


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



            . The prisoner's uncle came to me, and told me I should find him in bed at a public-house, in Clipstone-street, Marylebone. I was up there all night, and at five o'clock in the morning, a man said he was in bed at home. I went up three pair of stairs, and saw him in bed, and I told him I wanted him about a watch, he denied knowing any thing of it. I locked him up at the watch-house; his uncle wished to speak to him. I brought him out, and he said he sold it for 13 s., at No. 13, Crown-street, Soho; for three half crowns, 6 d., and 5 s. He took me to the shop, kept by Carey, it is a rag-shop. I did not find it. He told me as he went along that he had taken his cousin's shawl which cost two guineas and a half, and sold it at the same shop for 5 s. He belongs to very respectable parents, but has had connexions.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing whatever of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
