






FOURTH DAY. MONDAY, APRIL 14.
First Middlesex Jury. - Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1002. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  CULLEY
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  FAGAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, 1 cask, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Harris
               




            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  ROBERT 
                  DUKE
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden. On the 28th of February I was in company with Bassett and Lloyd, near the house of Linton, at Islington-green; he is a retailer of table-beer, what is called a pinman; I saw the two prisoners about six o'clock in the evening, come there, and Culley had a firkin on his shoulder; they were walking in company together; I should think they were a mile and a half, or two miles from Mr. Harris'; he lives in the Hampstead-road; they went up the gateway to Linton's brewery, and set the cask down at Linton's door - they then went to a workshop in the same yard, next door to Linton's, made some inquiry, and then returned up the yard; I went to them, and asked what they had left the cask there for - they appeared confused, and I said, "What business had you to leave that cask there?" they said they had found it in Smithfield, and were going to take it home- I think it was Fagan who said he picked it up, and Culley said he was assisting him to carry it; it was a small cask, and did not require two men to carry it; I took them in charge, and fetched the cask from Linton's door.


                  ANDREW 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am an officer, and was with Duke- his evidence is correct; here is the cask - it has "T. Harris, Hampstead-road," on it, in large letters.
THOMAS BASSETT. I am employed by brewers to watch their property. I was with the officers when this cask was taken.
THOMAS HARRIS. I am a brewer
, and live in Hampstead-road


. Fagan has lived in my service, and knew my premises well. This is my cask - it is worth 8s. 6d. I have lost a considerable number.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Fagan had been in your employ? A. Occasionally; Culley was not in my service - we loose casks in a variety of ways.
MR. ALLEY. Q. Do you ever allow a cask to be sold? A. No; that is a fixed rule in the trade.


                  THOMAS 
                  BISHOP
               



            . I live near Linton. The prisoners came to me on the evening in question, and asked if Linton was within - I said I believed he was; they went into the yard, returned, and said he was not; Fagan asked if I knew what public-house he used; I said I believed he was at the Fox, at the corner.
CULLEY'S Defence. This man asked me to help him.
FAGAN'S Defence. I picked up the cask.
FAGAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.
CULLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
