





FIFTH DAY. TUESDAY, APRIL 11.
Middlesex Cases - First Jury.
Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
645. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  THORN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on 20th of February
, 28 yards of muslin, value 30s.; 84 pairs of gloves, value 4l.; 21 yards of trimming, value 16s.; 5 yards of velvet, value 50s.; 10 yards of silk, value 2l.; 15 yards of crape, value 2l.; 219 yards lace, value 15l.; 3 yards quilting, value 14s.; 575 yards of net, value 7l.; 2 veils, value 50s.; 22 pairs of stockings, value 4l.; 600 yards of ribbon, value 15l.; 14 handkerchiefs, value 30s.; 1 silk dress, value 30s.; 19 yards of satin, value 3l., and 20 yards of silk, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Hodge
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Lowman
                     



                  , his masters, in their dwelling-house
            .
MR. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.
HENRY LOWMAN. I am in partnership with Richard Hodge - we are linen drapers

 and live in Regent-street. The prisoner was formerly in our service, and last Christmas he wrote to us, saying, he wished to commence business for himself, but had rather got his hand out, and wished to be with us a short time without a salary, to make himself more acquainted with the trade. I afterwards saw him, and he came into our employ. A communication was made to me by Mr. Duthoit, a lace merchant, last February, and, on the 24th, I went to the prisoner's lodgings in Old Cavendish-street; he was then taken into custody; we searched his rooms, and found a variety of my articles, which I gave to Schofield - they were in a trunk under the bed - Mr. Duthoit gave me a piece of lace.


                  DANIEL 
                  DUTHOIT
               



            . I am a lace manufacturer, and live in Bow-church-yard; I sell goods to the prosecutors. In February I attended a sale at Mr. Bailey's, and observing some goods which I had sold, I bought two pieces of lace, which I am certain I sold the prosecutors; the prisoner was bidding at the sale, and the very article he bid for, I bought at the next day sale.


                  RICHARD 
                  FLOWER BAILEY
               



            . I am apprenticed to my father, who is an auctioneer. On the 16th and 17th of February we had a sale; the prisoner had brought about twenty lots of the goods, and represented them as being the remaining stock of his sister, who was a milliner in Old Cavendish-street; the lace in question was among them; I paid him the amount the goods sold for.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . I took the prisoner in charge with the property.
MR. LOWMAN. I can swear to this muslin, and the gloves, and other things.
Cross-examined by Mr. ALLEY. Q. Did the prisoner's wife never buy any thing of you? A. I did not know that he had a wife.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. He was constantly in your house? A. Yes, from Christmas up to the time he was apprehended; he might have taken the goods separately.
MR. ALLEY. Q. You paid him no wages? A. No, he boarded with us, and was our servant; I took him as a shopman, and boarded him.
COURT. Q. What was the contract you made with him? A. That he was to have his board, and to be with us till August or September, when he was going into business - he perfectly understood that his board was a remuneration for his services.
GUILTY. Aged 21.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
