






1158. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BRAY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     AUSTIN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of July
, five tea-spoons, value 2 s. 6 d.; a table-cloth, value 10 s.; two napkins, value 4 s.; a pair of stockings, value 6 d., and six tin pans, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Maxwell
                  




               
            .
MRS. 
               
                  ANN 
                  MAXWELL
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Maxwell
               



            . We live in Union-place, New Road


. I saw this property on the night of the 9th of July; Bray had been in the habit of coming to our house daily to receive goods, and by that means became acquainted with the house - I heard he had been sleeping in the church-yard for six weeks; I had intended to send him to India. On coming down stairs on the morning of the 10th of July to breakfast, I missed the property - I found somebody had got down the grating and through the wash-house window, and taken them from the kitchen - I found the kitchen poker had beenused to break open a pannel. I missed the articles stated in the indictment. In the evening the constable brought Bray to me; he denied the charge. I know nothing of Austin.


                  MARGARET 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I live in East-street, Manchester-square; Austin came to me at eight o'clock one morning, and brought 1 3/4 lbs. of rags, which I gave him 7 d. for; I did not particularly notice them, as I was feeding a young child - but when I opened them, they appeared linen torn up. I knew his parents, who lived fourteen years in the neighbourhood. Mrs. Maxwell claimed them.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MEAD
               



            . I work for a plaisterer. Bray came up to me about five o'clock one afternoon before he was taken, and brought six tin dishes; he said he found them in some dust, and asked me to buy them - I said I had no money, and they were of no use to me. He then asked me to give him a piece of bread for them, which I did. I kept them in my pocket till I heard of his being taken up; I then went to Mrs. Maxwell, and gave them to her.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a constable; I apprehended Bray; Austin was brought to the office by his brother. I took Bray in Conway-court, close by Mary-le-bone Office; I told him it was for stealing things of Mrs. Maxwell; he made no answer. I found a pair of stockings on his feet, which Mrs. Maxwell claimed. I examined the premises; the persons had got down the grating into the area and into the wash-house, by breaking a square of glass, and sliding the window back; the poker was bent, and part of the pannel broken out of the door, so that he could get into the kitchen. Bray directed me next morning to Thompson's, where I found the rag. I found a table-cloth, two napkins, and a tea-spoon, at Austin's mother's.
MRS. MAXWELL. The property is mine. The rags are a table-cloth which we had used the day before; it was too good to tear up.
AUSTIN'S Defence. I did not know they were stolen.
BRAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
AUSTIN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
