





Third London Jury - before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1340. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  JONES
               



             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Mozely 
                        Woolf
                     




                  , about eight o'clock at night on the 12th April
, and stealing 39l yards of woollen cloth, value 169l.; 41yards of linen cloth, value 2l. 4s., and 41 yards of striped cotton, value 25s
            , his property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENMAN
               



            . I am an officer of Cripplegate. On Thursday, the 12th of April, I went there in consequence of information, at a quarter-past eight o'clock in the evening, and saw the prisoner come out of Mr. Woolf's premises, No.11, Aldermanbury


; he came out at the front entrance - I was within three yards of him, by the side of the house - I did not see the door open, but heard it shut, and saw him come from it - I am quite sure he came out of the house; he walked across Addle-street, and up Philip-lane; he then ran, and I called Stop thief! at the corner of Philip-lane he turned round, looked at me, and threw down a crow-bar. I have reason to believe he threw it at me, but it did not hit me - I followed, till he got to Moor-lane, in the parish of Cripplegate without, and then I secured him, with the assistance of others - I suppose he had run near a quarter of a mile - I brought him back to the watch-house, in Aldermanbury - I found on him eight skeleton keys, a little jemmy, a knife, and a piece of string; the other officer, who was with me, picked up a crow-bar in the street - I accused him of coming from Mr. Woolf's; he said he had not, I was mistaken; we placed him in the Computer - I and the officer came back and opened Mr. Woolf's door, with one of the skeleton keys which we found on him.
JURY. Q. Did he carry anything with him out of Mr. Woolf's? A. No; when we opened the door there were nine ends of cloth, tied together, ready to be thrown into a cart - on the right-hand of the warehouse is a door which goes into a passage that appeared to have been attempted to be broken open - the wood-work of the partition was broken away. I went on further, and found another door, which was open, and the patent padlock broken off; on the counter there were eight more ends of cloth tied together the same way as the others and with the same sort of string - there was a piece of striped cotton and a piece of sheeting; this is some of the string I found on the prisoner - it is the same as that the cloth was tied with - it does not belong to the prosecutor. I found a great quantity of string on the prisoner; the property removed was of great extent - some was in the passage and some on a shop-board in the warehouse.
Q. Were there a great many persons passing? A. Yes; it was not possible that any other person could have come out, and I mistake the prisoner for him.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. How long have you been an officer? A. About fifteen months. I found this key opened the door. I saw the other officer open the door. I saw him come out; there were several people in the street - the lamps were alight; he walked out of the house and shut the door - there were no persons between him and me - when he walked away there were three or four persons at one corner and another. I did not lose sight of him, as the street he went down was opposite - there are several turnings between the prosecutor's house and Moor-lane; but I did not lose sight of him - there were two other officers following him. I did not pick up the crow-bar - it was brought to the watch-house. I was not more than two or three yards from him, while he was running. I struck him once or twice, but could not lay hold of him.
JURY. Q. Did he run immediately he left the house. A. No; he walked across the road. I could not take him- he was about three yards from me; I could not reach him. I began to run and so did he.


                  JAMES 
                  TONKIN
               



            . I have been an officer for fifteen years. I was with Henman and another officer. We went there by design. I saw the prisoner come out of No.11; he walked across the street, into Philip-lane; Henman stepped pretty quick after him - I followed, and Neal came after me- when we came to the end of Philip-lane I heard a piece of iron fall; a young man took it up; I took it from him, Henman ran down London-wall, up Aldermanbury-postern, across Fore-street, and up Moor-lane; I lost sight of him, but when I got into Moor-lane Henman had got him; we took him to the watch-house, and found these skeleton-keys on him - I am sure he is the same person. I went back to the premises, and found them in the state that has been described; I opened the door myself, with this key; the string round the parcels corresponds with this found on the prisoner.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are there not thousands of pieces of string like this? A. I suppose there may be; there were no persons by the side of the door, but there were others at the top of the street, and some at the bottom; I suppose there was no person nearer than fifteen or sixteen yards from the door when the prisoner came out - Henman was about three yards from him. I heard him shut the door - he took time to do that; the door was shut I know before he came out; I believe Henman was not certain whether he belonged to the house or not - that is what I understood; we have not particularly talked this business over - we have spoken of it, but I never think much of it after a prisoner is taken up, till he is tried. I lost sight if Henman while I stopped to get the crow-bar; I suppose he was then two or three yards from the prisoner; it is a straight line into Phillip-lane - there is no turning there; I lost sight of the prisoner directly almost; I only saw Henman and him in Philip-lane; he was not more than three or four yards from him.
COURT. Q. Corners, or no corners, do you state, upon your oath, that is the man who came out of the house? A. Yes, I have no doubt of it.
JURY. Q. Was there any other person came out of the house? A. No. A cart came about eight o'clock, and stood by the door-way.


                  SAMUEL 
                  NEAL
               



            . I am an officer. I was with the other officers, and saw the prisoner come out of the house - he shut the door after him; what they have stated is correct; these tools were found on the prisoner.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. What distance were you from the house? A. About five yards; the lamps were alight; there was a lamp just over the house - he crossed the road, into Philip-lane; I was in the middle of the road when he came out; I did not see him taken - I can swear to him, from seeing his face, and seeing him come out of the house; I could not seize him - he was about five yards from me; I did not run at him.


                  JAMES 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Woolf - he is a warehouseman
, in Addle-street. On Thursday, the 12th of April, I left the warehouse at about half-past four o'clock. or a quarter before five, perfectly locked up and secured; I went out at the side door - there was a door leading from the passage to the warehouse - it fastens inside; there is a bar, two bolts, and a double lock in the middle warehouse; there is another door, with a bar and a padlock, which is here. When I went out I fastened the street door with a double lock - I had left all the woollen cloth safe in thewarehouse, as usual, not tied up with string, nor in the passage, but in the cases, and the lined cloth also. I heard of the robbery afterwards, and went to the warehouse; I overtook Mr. Woolf and the officers - when I got there I found the property tied up in bundles.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you leave any one in the warehouse? A. No. It was Mr. Woolf's dwelling-house.
MOZELY WOOLF. I am a warehouseman - my warehouse is at No. 11, Addle-street, Aldermanbury - I am sure I do not know whether it is in the parish of St. Mary-the-Virgin or no; it is my dwelling-house; my servant sleeps there at night, to guard the property; he sleeps there as my servant; he leaves at five o'clock to go to dinner; he calls at my house in Goodman's-fields, and returns at nine o'clock to sleep there.
MR. PHILLIPS to JAMES WEBB. Q. Did you sleep there that night? A. Yes, with the officer; I slept there the night before; I am always in the habit of sleeping there; I have slept there about eleven weeks altogether; I have slept away, and had slept there about a month before the removal of these goods, but will not swear I slept there constantly; I can swear I did not sleep out of it for four nights in that month; I do not dine or drink tea in the house, but I sleep there to take care of the things.
COURT to MR. WOOLF. Q. At What hour was your attention drawn to this warehouse? A. The officer came, and told me of it about ten o'clock, and I went there; I lound my clothes tied up by threes, and a number of things removed; one piece of sheeting was very much cut with some instrument; there were three hundred or four hundred yards of cloth and kerseymere removed, to the amount of 170l.; my servant slept there by my orders since Mr. Fanchard left.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Did he sleep there to take care of your property? A. Yes, that was my object; he was my porter then; he does other things, such as clean boots and shoes, and knives; he slept in the warehouse to take care of the property; I live at No. 26, Mansell-street, Goodman's-fields, not at the warehouse; I do not intend to remove there; I have lived in Mansell-street ten years; it is at Mansell-street he acts as my domestic servant.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You have sent him there to take care of your goods, and watch the house at night? A. I do not sleep at the warehouse; Goodman's-fields is where I eat my meals; I have taken a lunch, and have dined at Addle-street; if I were asked where I reside, I should say, from such a time to such a time, I should be at Addle-street, and other times at Goodman's-fields; my servant sleeps there, and does other things.
COURT. Q. You have occasionally eat your meals there? A. Yes; and this man is to do any thing there which I bid him; I have no bed there myself.
JURY. Q. Do you pay assessed taxes for it as your dwelling-house? A. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of it altogether.
GUILTY. Aged 33.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
