





485. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of February
, 40 lbs. of lead, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jesse 
                           Greig
                        



                     
                  , spinster
, and fixed to her dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to the Honourable


                     Frances 
                     Compton
                  



               
            , spinster
, commonly called Lady


                  Frances 
                  Compton
               



            , and fixed to a certain dwelling-house of her's.


                  MARGARET 
                  SINCLAIR
               



            . I live at No. 21, Fletcher-street, Westminster


. At a quarter of an hour before seven o'clock, on Sunday morning, I heard a noise outside my house, as if something hard was grating against the iron. I hearddifferent voices about the door - got up - looked out, and saw two men holding the prisoner, and a roll of lead laying by the hall door; it was stolen off the hall door. I heard them wrenching it off. Two more houses were robbed in the same way.


                  ROBERT 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I heard a noise - opened the shutter, and heard three men jump down; one picked up the lead and put it on his shoulder. The prisoner was one of them - I am certain.


                  HENRY 
                  LOVEL
               



            . I was coming up Fletcher-street, and saw the prisoner on the lamp-iron, leaning over the door place - he got down and went on the other side of the street. I met Allen, returned with him, and then saw the prisoner drop the lead down and folded it up - we went to meet him; he held a knife in his hand, and shoved Allen down. I ran after him to Whitehall, where a soldier stopped him; I had not lost sight of him - he got from the soldier - was secured again, and threw the knife down.
EDWARD HOMER. I was coming out of Whitehall - heard the alarm - saw the prisoner running and stopped him; he got from me - I caught him immediately, and he threw a knife away.


                  JOHN 
                  ALLEN
               



            . Lovel told me there was a robbery. I went with him, and saw the prisoner rolling the lead up. I went to collar him; he threw his hand out - I saw a knife in it, and picked up the lead.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MILLS
               



            . The prisoner was given in my charge. I compared the lead with the place. It fitted it exactly.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw it on the pavement - the knife laid on it. I never touched it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
