





66. 
               
                  WALTER 
                  PATRICK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of October
, a watch, value 10 l.; a gold chain, value 1 l.; two seals, value 2 l., and a key, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Rattray
               




            .
JOHN RATTRAY. I live at Milton, near Gravesend; I have been a baker
. On the 7th of October, about five o'clock in the morning - (I had come from Chelsea the night before, and was going down in the country that day.) I had been up all night, and was a little intoxicated. I had had a friend with me, but he had left me before this happened - my watch was safe in my pocket a quarter of an hour before; a man at the Ship, public-house, in St. James's-street, Covent-garden


, and myself, had some words, when I had been in the house about an hour. I did not see the prisoner there, but the man who knocked me down - there might be six or seven people in the tap-room. I went out, and went to bed; but when I was knocked down some persons helped me up, and took my watch, but I cannot tell who it was. I went to Bow-street before I went to bed.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESSWELL. Q. What had you drank? A. Some brandy and water. I had had three or four glasses. I will not swear I did not take five; when I was knocked down, I believe I got up myself, to the best of my recollection. I came away from the Ship, public-house, about five o'clock in the morning. I appeared before the Magistrates once. I believe the prisoner was brought up before I was sent for.


                  JAMES 
                  SIMMONDS
               



            . I live at No. 8, Northumberland-mews, and am a manufacturer of mineral water. I was at the Ship, public-house, on this morning, about five o'clock. I was quite sober - I had been to the Surry Theatre, and when I went home, I could not get in. I walked about till about five o'clock, when I saw this house open, and went in. I saw Mr. Rattray in the tap-room - he had a watch, for the chain and two seals hung out; he was disputing with a coachman: they went to fighting, and in the struggle, (being a little in liquor,) he fell upon his face on a bench, on the right-hand side going in: the prisoner stooped over the bench, and under pretence of lifting him up, took his watch out, and went away immediately. I had noticed the prisoner there with a woman before the robbery. I said "Sir, you have lost your watch:" he put his hand on his fob, and said "I have." I said "The man is gone out:" the landlord was at the other side of the bar. I went to Bow-street, and saw two men there; they said we had better come again at eleven o'clock. I went again and gave the information. About a month afterwards, as I was coming from Chelsea, I saw the prisoner standing looking at the soldiers relieving guard at St. James's. I saw two persons coming down the street, and gave them information - they took him into custody.
Cross-examined. Q. How many persons were there? A. Six or seven. I was perfectly sober. I saw the fight, and saw Mr. Rattray knocked down; the prisoner pretended to pick him up, but when he got him up half-way, he left him, and two other persons helped him up. I was before the Magistrate four or five times. I was asked if I knew the prisoner before - I said I did not. I never said I would not swear to him till I had seen the prosecutor. I lived with a 
               Mr. Badger
             - he employed me to collect money for him, which I did - it was but a few shillings. I gave it to him. I was to have half for getting it. I did not abscond with any. I have lived with a Mr. Briant. I went for him to canvass for subscribers for a map of Northamptonshire that was to he published. I returned with the map and the order book. I went again to Essex, but did not return the book and map to him; when I returned from there, I was not arrested on a charge of felony, I positively swear.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOND
               



            . I am one of the conductors of the patrole at Bow-street. I received information of this robbery from Mr. Simmonds and Mr. Rattray together. Simmonds gave me the information, and a description of the prisoner, which corresponded. I was present when he was apprehended. Simmonds swore positively to his person, and said, if he saw him twelve months after he should know him - the watch has never been found; he was brought up several times before Mr. Rattray came to town.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Life
            .
