





314. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  NICHOLLS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of January
, 12 decanters, value 10l. 14s.; 2 water-bottles, value 1l.; 2 tumblers, value 5s.; 12 saltcellars, value 31s., and 4 salt-cellar stands, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Chaffin
                  




               
            .
JAMES CHAFFIN. I deal in glass
; my warehouse is at No. 69, Fleet-street


. On the morning of the 7th of January this property was taken; I had seen it the evening before, in my shop - I was told they were missed about ten o'clock next morning; I saw the prisoner in custody with them at Guildhall the same day - he is a stranger to me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SINGLETON
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 7th of January, at three o'clock in the morning, I saw two bags let out of the first-floor window of Mr. Chaffin's house - I saw nobody near to receive them; two inspectors came up at the time - I informed them of it; we watched, but saw nobody come for them: the inspectors got the keys, searched the premises, and found the prisoner on the stairs - nobody lived in the house; nobody else could be found in the house: I cannot say how he entered; the house had not been broken open: I secured the bags - they contained the articles stated in the indictment.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am an inspector of the watch. About three o'clock in the morning I saw Singleton, who gave me information; I left him at the back of the premises which all the property came out of, and went and secured the front of the premises - I went to Mr. Thatcher's, in Fleet-street, where I knew Mr. Chaffin kept his keys; I got them, and searched the premises, but could find nobody - I then searched the empty house at the back, but found nobody there; they could get from the empty house on to the roof of the premises - we then went back to Mr. Chaffin's, searched again, and found the prisoner in a room adjoining that from which the bags were let down - Huckle asked what he did there: he said he had not broken in: Huckle gave him to me - he said, "Don't pull me about, I will go quietly with Johnson;" the premises were not broken - I think he must have slipped in before they were shut up; the bags had been let out of the window down into the back yard.
JOHN HUCKLE. I am an inspector of the watch. -Johnson's evidence is correct; I heard the sound of glass in the room, pushed the door open, and took hold of the prisoner; I said, "What do you do here?" he said he did not break in.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I own I was in the house, but know nothing of the property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
