







Before Mr. Recorder.
381. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MORIARTY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December

, a quart pot, value 18 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Winder
               



            ; and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  WORMS
               



             and 
               
                  MORRIS 
                  WORMS
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
WILLIAM WINDER. I keep the Fox and Peacock, public-house, Gray's Inn-lane





. On the 23d of December, between 4 and 5 o'clock, the prisoner Moriarty came to my house for a pint of porter, which I served him with; he took that away, and came again for another pint of beer, which I served him in a quart pot. I asked him for the other pint pot, which he did not bring back. I said
"Where is that pot, you have taken it away." He said he had not. He then came a third time, for half a pint of beer, and I said
"You have taken that quart away." He said he had not. I served him with half a pint in another quart pot, he took that into the tap-room - I do not know where he had taken the others. He drank that porter. A person said to me
"That man has taken the pot away." I have known him for these two years - he has frequented the house occasionally. I went to his house, in Fox-court, immediately, but the house was in darkness, and I did not go in. I came back for a candle to go to his house, but I thought I would go to Henry Worms's shop, which is a marine store shop, about sixty yards from my house, in Fox-court. I went towards the shop, and saw Moriarty standing there, shaking hands with Henry Worms, and heard Worms say to him,
"I will make it all right." They could not see me. I then went into the shop, and told Moriarty they had got my pot. They said they had not got it. I told Worms I would search the place - and he said I should not do it. Morris Worms was then behind his father, and he took up the pot and ran to another shop, where they melt the mettle. I attempted to run after him, and the father stopped me, and said I should not go. I pushed him aside, and followed the boy, and saw him throw the pot under the grate - I took it up, it had my name and sign on it. I took Henry Worms out of the shop, and gave charge of him and Morris. I then went to search for Moriarty, who had left the shop, and found him sitting in my tap-room. I went for a constable, and gave him in charge. I have not found the other quart pot, or the pint. I then took Mr. Mayo to the house where Worms was in charge, and we went down to his shop - we found a very large fire, three melting pans, and some pewter, which had been very lately melted, in the pans.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. How many pots were missing? A. Three, in less than two hours. I did not see any of them taken - I did not look in at Worms's window. I looked down a passage leading to his house. I could not see what was passing in the shop, but I saw Moriarty inside - the door was open - there was a light in the shop; I could not see who Moriarty was with, but when I went in I saw old Worms, he had his hat on, but he had not just come in, or I should have seen him - he told me he had just come in, and knew nothing about the matter. It is a private house, the shop lies back - there is a board up, with
"Dealer in Marine Stores" on it; there is a back-room, which I call the other shop, where they do their business. Worms did not buy his beer of me, nor did any person in his house. The pot was found in the first room. Henry Worms stood before me, and Morris behind him - I saw Morris take it into the back-room, and put it under the grate - I heard him take it up from the counter. I took Morris because he had the pot in his hand, and the father, because I saw him shake hands with Moriarty. The pot was very good, I gave 1 s. 6 d. for it: when I exchange my old pots for new, I am allowed a half in exchange - in the state it was then in it was worth more than 1 s.


                  JOHN 
                  GODWIN
               



            . I am a currier, and was in Mr. Winder's house on the 23d of December. I saw Moriarty there about half-past six o'clock - the gas was alight - he calledfor a pint of beer - I cannot say whether he drank it or not. I saw him take a quart pot off the table and put it under his blue jacket; he then left the room: I told the pot-boy of it, and Mr. Winder went after him. In four or five minutes Moriarty returned again; he had left the room before - when he returned he was taken. I am certain of his person.


                  MATHIAS 
                  WELDEN
               



            . I am a constable of St. Andrew, Holborn. On the 23d of December, soon after six o'clock, Mr. Winder sent for me. I went into Fox-court, and saw a number of persons at Worms's door. Mr. Winder was there, and gave charge of Worms and his son, for receiving a pot, which he delivered into my hands. He said he had lost three within two hours, and if I went into Worms's premises he was convinced I should find the others. I went into the shop, down the open passage, and at the further end of the shop there was a strong fire, and three melting pans by the side of the fire; one, if not two of them, had pewter in them; which appeared to me to be recently melted, and felt very warm. I took the prisoners into an adjoining house till they were taken before a Magistrate. It is a marine store shop - no one can avoid seeing the name of Winder upon the pot, and the sign of the house. Here is the pot in the state in which I received it.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you the person who Mr. Winder desired to break some metal which you found there, and which was not pewter:? A. Unquestionably - it is what is called type metal, but I have no hesitation in swearing that the metal in the pans was pewter - it is my firm belief. I heard old Worms say that he knew nothing of the matter - he had but just come in, and if any one was to blame it was not him.
Prisoner WORMS, SEN. Q. Did not a woman in the house tell you I had but just come in? A. I have no recollection of that. I heard you tell the boy to say nothing but the truth, and that repeatedly.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was desired to take charge of Moriarty - I asked him where the pot was - he said he had sold it to a Jew, for 4 d., pointing towards Fox-court; I do not know any other Jew, but the prisoners, keeping a shop there. I found 2 1/2 d. on his person.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HENRY WORMS'S Defence. I was at the White Hart tavern, in Tower-street, at four o'clock - I had a ticket to go to the play that night, in Wych-street, Strand. I have some persons here with whom I had been in company till half-past five o'clock; I went home, and found Moriarty drunk, in the shop, and making a great noise - I said,
"Go away, I want to go out, and if there is any thing wrong come in the morning, and I will set it right" - he said he would not go; I said,
"I will shake hands with you." The boy has always been cautioned by me not to buy goods when I am out.
MORRIS WORMS'S Defence. I was in doors, sitting by the five - a man came in, and threw the pot under the fire; I said I would not buy it, and he swore, and said,
"I will leave it" - I said,
"You must not leave it:" he swore again and said he would hit me on my head; he was going out of the shop and met my father, who had just that moment come in.


                  LEWIS 
                  WORMS
               



            . I am the prisoner's son. I went to my father's house, on the day in question, about ten minutes before six o'clock; my father was not at home. I went to Baldwin's-gardens, and was detained there about five minutes - when I got home to my house, in Cloth-fair, my sister told me what had happened - there was some type-metal in my father's house, but it was not pewter - there was no melted pewter, and when I was there, there was a fire; it is the room in which my father eats, drinks and sleeps. I had called to borrow some money - there were two melting pans, and one ladle there - I did not examine the metal, but I sat so close, I could see that it was not pewter - I believe there was an ingot there - Winder was not there. I had a watch in my pocket, and I looked at it a few minutes afterwards, because I was under the necessity of parting with it, in Baldwin's-gardens; it was then about six o'clock - it is a good watch, and keeps time very correctly - I did not see the constable at my father's house, I cannot swear that there was no pewter there when he was there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY RAWLINGS
               



            . I know Mr. Worms, Sen. I was in his company, on Thursday the 23d of December, from about half-past four o'clock, to a quarter past five, or thereabouts. I parted with him, at the White Hart, in Tower-street - it would take a man pretty near half an hour to get from Tower-street, to where he lives - a Mr. Rochester pulled out his watch, and said it was half-past five - Worms had then part of a glass of gin and water, standing before him, and Rochester would not let him go, till he had drank it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  STOREY
               



            . I was at the public-house, in Tower-street, and saw Worms there, drinking some gin and water - I heard nothing said about time; but I left the house at five o'clock.
Three witnesses deposed to the good character of Worms, and three to that Moriarty.
HENRY WORMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 57.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
MORRIS WORMS - GUILTY. Aged 14.



               Judgment Respited
            




.
JOHN MORIARTY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Confined Three Months
            .
