






1914. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  NOBLE
               



             and 
               
                  MATILDA 
                  NOBLE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of July
, 1 ring, value 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        David 
                        Bidmead
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BIDMEAD
               



            . I am the wife of David Bidmead; he is a merchant's clerk
; we live at Stepney


, and keep a shop. On the 20th of July, the two prisoners came together, and Matilda purchased a ring, for which she paid; in the mean time, Sarah requested to look at some gold rings; she tried on three, which she held in her hand with the cards - she then took up a fourth, which she said was too small - I said, "The first you took up, I think, will fit you:" she then opened her hand, and laid down two instead of three - I said again, "The one marked 17s. will fit you." In the meantime, she must have dropped it, for Matilda stooped down and picked up something - I asked what it was; she said 6d. - she faltered in her speech, and I said, "What have you in your mouth?" she said, "A bit of paper" - I said, "Let me look at it," and it proved to be the card on which the ring had been: I then charged her with having it, but they both strongly denied it; I sent for the officer, who found it in Matilda's mouth.


                  JOHN 
                  SEAGRAVE
               



            . I am the officer. I went to the shop; the lady said she had lost a ring; the prisoners said they knew nothing of it - I took them into the parlour, and on searching Matilda, I took off her bonnet, and began to search her curls - she began to exclaim against the lady of the shop, and said she had been a good customer, but would never come there again - she faltered in her speech, and I said, "What have you in your mouth?" I seized her mouth, and said, "Put out the ring into my hand," and I showed it to Mrs. Bidmead. I found 2s. on Sarah, but nothing on the other.(Property produced and sworn to.)
MATILDA'S Defence. I leave myself to the mercy of the Court.
MATILDA NOBLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SARAH NOBLE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
