





Before Mr. Justice Park.
1896. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     READING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of October
, 144 brass caps, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Black
                  




               
            .


                  MOSES 
                  COHEN
               



            . I am an umbrella-maker. The prisoner came to my shop, about a fortnight before I was at the Thames Police-office, which was on the 15th of October, to sell a gross of open caps which he had - I asked what he wanted for them - he said 4s.; they are worth 7s.; he said he was sent by his master to sell them, and that he was going for some tin and wire - I knew he was in Black's employ, and suspecting him I said they were not worth more than 3s.; he said I might have them for 3s. 6d., and then said I should have them for 3s. - I kept the goods, and said I had no change, but if he called at six o'clock I would pay him; in the meantime I went to McLachlan, his master, and found he knew nothing about it - he had called for the money while I was gone; I kept the caps two days, and then took them to Black's.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say, "Bring the things to me, and I will buy them of you?" A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACK
               



            . I am an umbrella-maker
. The prisoner was in the employ of McLachlan, who worked for me out of doors; the prisoner came to my shop daily, and was there in October - I frequently missed things; Cohen brought this gross of caps to me - they are mine, and are used to put on the tops of umbrellas; McLachlan gave me information a week or ten days before I was at the office - the prisoner never came to my house after that; the caps were in paper, and this description ofhandwriting was on them, "Six dozen open caps," - it is the hand-writing of the person I bought them of; he could easily have taken them when he came for work, as he was in the room they were in.


                  ADAM 
                  HIGH
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner on the 14th of October, and told him he was charged with stealing some caps out of Black's shop - he said voluntarily that another boy took them as well as him, and I ought to take him also; on our way to the office I met the other boy, and took them both into Black's shop - the boy said, in the prisoner's presence, "I never took any myself; you took them, Reading, not me, and you sold them;" I asked the boy what he had given him out of them; he said 6d., which the prisoner did not deny.
Prisoner. He never said any thing of the kind.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACK
               



            . I heard the boy say he gave him 6d. - the prisoner did not deny it.


                  MARK 
                  McLACHLAN
               



            . The prisoner worked for me - he asked leave to go out on the evening that Cohen came; he said he wanted to go to Oxford-street to get some clothes mended - I was busy, and wished him not to go; he said he must go that evening - I gave him leave, and told him to come to work next morning, but he never returned; he was nearly two years with me - his character was very good, till lately he was very fond of going to the Theatres, and I told him he could not do it with my wages.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
