






1928. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  NEALE
               




             and 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  JOHNSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of August
, 1 hat, value 6s.; 1 looking-glass, value 1s.; 4 cups, value 6d.; 4 saucers, value 6d.; 2 sheets, value 4s.; 2 waistcoats, value 6d.; 1 gown, value 1s. 6d.; 2 shirts, value 2s.; 1 yard of calico, value 6d.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 2s.; 2 quilts, value 1s.; 1 frock, value 2d.; 1 table-cloth, value 2d., and 1 apron, value 2d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Furrein
               




            .
JAMES FURRIEN. I am a coal carman
, and live in High Timber-street


. On the 8th of August I left home at five o'clock in the morning - these things were then all safe; I received information and came home between eleven and twelve, and missed them.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  SARAH 
                  BOSWELL
               



            . I live in the same house, on the ground floor. On the 8th of August, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I saw Neale go up the stairs which lead to Furrein's room; in a few minutes I went and peeped into the room, and saw her take the sheets from the bed, and twist them round her, and in a few minutes I saw both the prisoners come down stairs with bundles - we stopped them with the property.


                  MARY 
                  SKIPP
               



            . I was called, and stopped the prisoners in the street - Neale said she had got some dirty linen to wash.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I took them in charge. I found on Neal four keys, one of which opens Furrien's door.(Property produced and sworn to.)
NEAL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
