






146. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November
, 1 shift, value 2s.; 1 gown, value 13s.; 1 collar, value 2s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 8d.; 1 apron, value 9d., and 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Rowan
                     



                  ; and 1 blanket, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Fyning
               



            .
MARY ROWAN. I live in Whitecross-street


, in the same house with the prisoner. I went out about eleven o'clock on the 14th of November, and returned at two; the prisoner was then gone - I left my box locked; when I came back it was broken open, and the property stated was gone- Mary Fyning lost a blanket; she is the landlady
 - I had only known the prisoner four days: I have found a pair of stockings, a shift, and an apron, which were on the prisoner when she was taken, at nine o'clock the same evening - I found nothing else.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not lend me these articles? A. No.


                  MARY 
                  FYNING
               



            . I am the landlady of the house. I lost a blanket and a handkerchief out of the same room, in which the prisoner slept - she took the lodging by the week; she was only there four days: I have never found my property.


                  PHILIP 
                  COX
               



            . I was the night-officer. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house at ten o'clock, and these articles were found on her.
Prisoner's Defence. I lodged with this old lady for a month, and kept her: I went out, and when I returned they accused me of stealing these things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
