






1374. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     MORGAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SESSIONS
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of July
, a watch, value 40 l., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Isaac 
                           Leplastrier
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  ISAAC 
                  LEPLASTRIER
               



            . I am a watch maker
, and live in Mark-lane


. On the 13th of July, about half-past seven in the evening, the two prisoners came to my shop; I was in the yard; my son called me to them. Sessions was the first who addressed me; he wished to look at a good silver double-case hunting-watch. I asked if they wereparticular as to a hunter; he said yes, it must be a hunter, for it was for his brother in the country. I shewed them some watches, among which was the new case of a huntingwatch, the works not being quite complete. At that moment a gentleman came in to have his watch regulated, and I asked them to take a seat. I altered the gentleman's watch, and he went away; they both spoke, and made observations on the watches, and fixed upon a hunter, and asked if I could get it done by 12 o'clock next day. I said I would do my endeavours. I removed the silver watches on to the work-board. Sessions then said he wanted a a gold seal, key, and a steel chain. I said I did not keep jewellery, but they wished me to get it for them, as if they had it from me, they knew it would be good gold; I said I would procure them something which they might depend upon; they then left the shop, and were to call in an hour and a half to see the jewellery - it wanted a quarter to seven o'clock; my son went out after the jewellery, and in six or seven minutes they returned, and said, they supposed I had not got the jewellery yet; I said No - but it would soon be in, as my son had only to go to Leadenhall-street. Morgan then said, his mother had fixed that it must be a hunter, for his brother was so particular, and that it was to go a hundred miles into the country; he then looked about him and said,
"My mother wishes to know if you have neat ladies gold watches - you seem to have some very nice watches." I took down the cases of two, the works of which were in a drawer, and said he could have one of those very soon, and I could recommend them. I then had a very fine double duplex watch in my hand; one of them observed, that it was a very handsome watch; he supposed it was gilt. I said it was gold, and the price 40 l.: they looked at it with the rest, and I put it down on my number-book, on the counter, with the two gold cases, and at that instant my son came in with the jewellery, and I removed the watch with the cases from the counter to the work-board, which is two feet eight or ten inches from where Sessions stood. I shewed them the jewellery; they said it was not what they wanted, their brother wanted a chased jud seal; my son instantly returned to fetch one, and at that time Sessions stood at the corner of the counter nearest to the work-board. Morgan placed himself at the end rather behind the counter, which I thought nothing of, as I had asked them to sit down before; and while my son was gone I proceeded to shew them the movements belonging to the gold cases they had been looking at. I had occasion to go about three paces from the counter to my desk; this gold watch, and some silver ones, were then behind me. I do not think I was at the desk more than a minute, when Morgan walked out of the shop. I saw him pass the window, but thought nothing of it, as it was a very opressive evening, I thought he went out for air. I proceeded to shew Sessions the movements of the watches; but instead of attending to it he said he was rather in a hurry, as he was going about some silk, and requested I would send the jud seal when it came, to their mother's, Mrs. Pratt, No. 1, America-square. I said if he would do me the favour to wait a few minutes, my son would be in, and he could see it himself; he said he could not wait, and walked out. My son met him on the threshold; he returned, and looked at the seal, and said it was just what was wanted, and if I could send it to his mother's; and saying,
"Mrs. Pratt, recollect No. 1, America-square - I wish you good night." He went out, my son came to the work-board, and we missed the gold watch. Nobody but them had been in the shop, and nobody else could have taken it.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. The place you moved it to was not convenient for them to take it - A. He could reach it with the greatest ease; it was between me and them when I went to my desk; his arm would have to pass me to reach it - it was a compleat watch; I have not found it. I never saw either of them before, but they were half an hour with me. I described them to a nicety to the officers. I went to Mrs. Pratt and found they knew nothing about them - if I had met them in the street I should have known them; I pointed them out in the lock-up-room mixed with others, six days after the robbery. My impression is that Sessions took it and handed it to Morgan as he went out.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LOUIS LEPLASTRIEA
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son. On the 13th of July, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoners came in, and Sessions said, they were recommended to buy a second-hand silver hunting-watch - I immediately called my father from the yard; he shewed them several, and sent me to fetch one which he had lent to a gentleman; I returned and shewed it to them - Sessions said, if it was for him, he should prefer that; but his brother was so particular in his directions for a hunter, that he must have one. He mentioned about some gold seals, and then they left the shop. I went to fetch the seals, and on returning, they were both there - my father shewed them the seals, they wanted a jud one, and he sent me for one; and on my returning, Morgan was gone. Sessions was just going out, my father said,
"Here is my son." I went round the counter and shewed him the seals; be fixed upon one, and said, if we sent it to his mother, Mrs. Pratt, America-square, they would decide on them and left; I directly after missed a gold watch which we should sell for 40 l.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you candles lighted - A. No; it was not dark - it was lighter than twi-light; I am certain of them.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer. On the 20th of July, I apprehended Sessions at Lambeth-marsh.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 20th of July, I apprehended Morgan in Stangate-street.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PRATT
               



            . I live at No. 1, America-square. The prisoners do not live at my house, nor is Mrs. Pratt their mother - I never saw them before.
MORGAN - GUILTY. Aged 18.
SESSIONS - GUILTY. Aged 18.
Of 


               stealing but not privately
            . - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            . - See Page 461.
