






1850. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BARKER
               




             & 
               
                  WILLIAN 
                  JOHNSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, 1 coat, value 2l.; 1 waistcoat, value 15s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 1 pair of spectacles and case, value 15s.; 1 prayer-book, value 6s.; 1 knife, value 6s., 1 comb, value 2s., and 1 ink bottle, value 4d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Webb
               




            .
JOSEPH WEBB. I am a cooper
, and live in Clerkenwell


. In consequence of information I received, I looked and missed my coat, waistcoat, silk handkerchief, spectacles, and some other little things which had been in my waistcoat pocket - I had seen them all safe in the afternoon before, and before eight o'clock that morning, Dismore told me they were gone - the coat and waistcoat are lost; these spectacles and these little articles are mine - this pocket-book I can swear to; it was in my waistcoat pocket.


                  THOMAS 
                  DISMOME
               



            . I live with my father in Clerkenwell; he is a jeweller. On the 29th of July, I saw a person get out of Mr. Webb's parlour window; he ran off - he appeared to have a black coat and a handkerchief under his arm - I told Mr. Webb; I saw the prisoners at Hatton-garden the same day - Barker had a similar dress on to the person I saw; but I could not see his face.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. It was not Johnson then? A. No. I never saw him till he was at Hatton-garden.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WARD
               



            . I saw the prisoners between seven and eight o'clock on the morning of the 29th of July, lurking about Mr. Webb's premises, which are only two doors from ours; I did not see them run away.


                  THOMAS 
                  GROVES
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard of the robbery - I went on the 31st of July, and saw the two prisoners together about fifty yards from me; they saw me - Barker ran away, but Johnson did not - I took Johnson; I found these spectacles, pocket-book, knife, and comb, upon him.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did Johnson know you were an officer? A. I do not know; but Barker did.


                  JAMES 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I was with Groves; we went up Aylesbury-street, and saw the prisoners - when we came near them, Barker ran, I pursued him up John-street, and took him; I found 2s. and an old handkerchief on him.
BARKER'S Defence. I was not up that way at all that morning; I had been for some tea and sugar - as I was coming back these gentlemen met me; one of them put his fist up and was going to hit me - I ran to the top of Aylesbury-street; they called Stop thief! and I stopped directly.

JAMES ROBINSON. He did not stop till he was knocked into a public-house by a man, and then I took him.
The prisoners received a good character.
BARKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Confined Three Months
            .
