





692. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  GOULDING
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of January
, 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 sovereign, and 1 half sovereign, the property of 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Biddle
                     




                  , from his person
            .
BENJAMIN BIDDLE. I am a tailor
. About half-past eleven o'clock on the evening of the 14th of January, I met the prisoner at the foot of Bridge-street, Blackfriars; I was going home to Parker-street, Queen-street, Holborn - she accosted me - we walked to Holborn-hill; she took me down Bull and Gate-court


 to a house; I gave her 5s. in the room; I had been drinking - I had a sovereign and a half sovereign in my purse, which I put into my left hand trousers pocket - I said with her about a quarter of an hour, and as soon as we got down to the door, I felt my pocket, and missed my purse; I accused her of taking it; she denied it - the patrol came up and took her - she denied having a sovereign, a half sovereign, or a purse - it was found in her hand; I had been on the bed, but was not undressed.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you sure she did not say she had no money of your's? A. She said she had no money; I was not drunk at all - I and another had four glasses of gin and water - nothing else - I had been drinking tea with a friend.


                  DANIEL 
                  REARDON
               



            . I am a patrol. I was in Holborn between twelve and one o'clock, and heard a cry of watch in Bull and Gate-yard; I went, and saw the prisoner, who first charged the prosecutor with assaulting her; he said he was robbed of a sovereign, a half sovereign, and a purse; I took her to the watch-house, and found a few shillings on her - I said I would get the watch-house keeper's wife to search her - she then dropped the purse at her feet - I then said "Where is his money?" she said "Here," and then gave up a sovereign; she had denied having any sovereign for twenty minutes.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not she say it was not his money? A. No; they both called watch - the prosecutor was never near the purse.
Prisoner's Defence. I met him with three other females; he went and treated us all - he and I went to this room, and as we came out he wanted me to go back - he struck me, and gave me in charge, as I would not return the 5s. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Life
            .
