





1875. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  ROYAL
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of October
, 1 box, value 1s.; 3 caps, value 10s., and 1 handkerchief, value 4d., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Harding
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Richards
                     



.

MARY RICHARDS. I am apprentice
 to Mrs. Harding, who lives in Newgate-street, and is a milliner. On the 26th of October, about seven o'clock in the evening, my mistress gave me three caps in a band-box, to take to St. Paul's-church-yard, and at the corner of Warwick-lane


 a boy came behind, and snatched the box from me; he ran away, down Warwick-lane; I called Stop thief! the people pursued, and he dropped it in Paternoster-row; I only know that he was dressed in blue; I cannot say whether he wore a cap or hat; the prisoner was taken soon afterwards - he was in the same dress, and is the same sort of boy.


                  JOHN 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Kelly, of Paternoster-row. I was coming from Cheapside, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running - I pursued, and collared him in St. Martin's-le-grand; I brought him back - he swore d-n his eyes, he would not come back unless I got him a coach - nobody was running but him.


                  BARTHOLOMEW 
                  SCANLAN
               



            . I am a patrol, and live in St. Dunstan's-court, Old Bailey. I was coming from Newgate-market into Paternoster-row; I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running with another; the prisoner had a band-box; I distinctly saw him pass me with it. I secured the other, and saw the prisoner drop the box - I picked it up; he was secured in St. Martin's-le-grand. I am sure he is the man.


                  MICHAEL 
                  LYON
               



            . I am a patrol. I was in Paternoster-row, and saw the prisoner run from the spot where the box was found - he was taken almost immediately; I am sure he is the man.
THOMAS HARDING. This girl is apprentice to my wife. I know the box the caps are in.
Prisoner's Defence. I carried a parcel for a gentleman from Wood-street to Snow-hill, and as I returned this man charged me with picking a gentleman's pocket in Newgate-street, and then with stealing the box.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
