





432. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SUMMERFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of August
, 50 lbs. of paper value 16 s., and twelve books, value 16 s.
            , the goods of 
               his late Majesty


            .

For the Prosecution, MESSRS. REYNOLDS AND BOLLAND.


                  JOHN 
                  FINLASON
               



            , ESQ. I am chief clerk at the Admiralty Office of the Record department; the papers in question were kept in the garrets of the Admiralty Office


; the prisoner had the charge of them for two years. He had the key of the door, and another messenger, named Leggate, also had a key.
Q. In consequence of information did you examine the room to see if the papers were removed - A. I did, and missed a great quantity, principally log-books, journals of ships, and port lists.
Cross-examined by MR ADOLPHUS. Q. How long before had you been into the room - A. About two months. I suspect about two ton weight have been taken.


                  GEORGE 
                  DONALDSON
               



            . I am a constable of St. Martin's in the Fields. I searched the prisoner's house, No. 1, Hunt's-court, St. Martin's-lane, for Admiralty papers, and found a quantity, which I produce. I afterwards received papers from Cordery.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  CORDERY
               



            . I am a cheesemonger, and live in the Strand. I bought the papers which I gave to Donaldson of a man, named Ingram, at five or six times. I bought 7, or 8 lbs. at a time.


                  HENRY 
                  INGRAM
               



            . I make up tradesmens' books, and collect debts; I live in Burleigh-street, Exeter Change; the prisoner gave me the papers to sell. I went to the garrets of the Admiralty to him, where there was a quantity of books of this description. He said they were waste paper, and perquisites of his. He generally brought me 7 or 8 lbs. at a time, tied in a handkerchief,. I sold them to Cordery for 4 d. per lb., and gave him the money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
