





629. 
               
                  MARY 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of February
, 1 purse, value 2d.; 1 crown-piece, 7 half-crowns, and 7 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        Andrew 
                        Lesley
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ANDREW LESLEY. I am a smith
. On Sunday morning, the 11th of February, between one and two o'clock, I was returning home, to Ratcliffe-highway; I had taken a glass with a friend, but was not the worse for it; I fell in with the prisoner, who asked me to go home with her; she took me to a house in Bluegate-fields


, into a room down stairs - I staid there nearly a quarter of an hour - I then went to a public-house, and gave her something to drink, and in turning out of the public-house I missed my purse, containing a crown-piece, seven half-crowns, and seven shillings; it was in my pocket when I was in her room; I did not undress - I had nothing to do with her whatever; I went home with her again, to look for the purse, but could not find it - I then gave charge of her, and saw the watchman find the purse and money behind the stove in her room - I had not put it there; no other person had been in the room - I was sober.


                  JOHN 
                  SHIELDS
               



            . I am a watchman. Lesley gave the prisoner into my charge - he was not drunk, but quite sensible; she asked me first if I would allow her to lock her door - I said, certainly. I then took her to the watch-house - the prosecutor and I then went to her room; I got the key from her, and found the purse behind the stove, which was not fixed.


                  STEPHEN 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I am constable of the night. I went into the room, and found this purse, containing a crown-piece, two half-crowns, and 4s. 6d.
A. LESLEY. This is my purse - there is 13s. deficient.
Prisoner's Defence. He took all his clothes off, and his money fell out of his pocket - I took up some, and gave to him; another young woman came in - I went out for ten minutes, and when I returned he said he had lost his purse, and gave charge of me.
A. LESLEY. I have known her three months; no other woman was there; I took off none of my clothes - I left the room before she locked the door - she could then have taken the money out of the purse.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
