





1224. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     REYNOLDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 15th of July
, a violin, value 4 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Chitty
                        




                     
                  , he well knowing the same to have been stolen
            .
THOMAS CHITTY. I am a musician
. Last Thursday evening I played my violin at a house in Orchard-street, and left about one o'clock, I met a young woman and went home with her to No. 4, Perkin's-rents


; I put the violin under the pillow - I was going to sleep there; I had got my coat and waistcoat off, and one of my boots, and another girl came in and put her hand down, and I thought she took something, and then they both ran away - I could not go after them because my boots was off. My violin was shewn to me next morning, at eight o'clock, by Mr. Lloyd.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not tell me you had lost a violin, and if I saw such a thing to take care of it - A. I saw several persons, but cannot tell that I saw you.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY LLOYD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. Last Friday morning I saw Chitty come to our shop to ask about a violin; the prisoner came afterwards, and brought a violin which corresponded with the description he had given me; the prisoner said he had bought it from his brother, who had two or three violins; I stopped him, and sent for Chitty, and an officer.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  BENJAMIN 
                  TIMBREL
               



            . I am an officer - and was sent for to apprehend the prisoner; I asked where he got the violin; he first at said he did not know any thing about it and then said he had found it,
Prisoner's Defence. I live in Perkin's-rents, and got up about half-past seven to go out to work. I saw this violin apparently thrown in the dust hole, and from what the man said, I thought by placing it in the hands of Mr. Lloyd - I might give the man the money when I saw him; I do not see him very often, and it is not always convenient for me to carry a violin with me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
