





1849. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  SULLIVAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of October
, 1 watch, value 26s.; 2 seals, value 2d.; 1 watch-key, value 2d., and 1 watchribbon, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        Alexander 
                        Longmore
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ALEXANDER LONGMORE. I am a tailor
, and live in White-lion Court, Charterhouse-square. On the 11th of October, about half-past ten o'clock in the evening, I was in King-street, Smithfield


, going home - the prisoner stopped me, and asked if I would give her some gin - I said, No - she said, would I give her the price of a glass; I put my hand into my pocket to give her 2d., she immediately snatched out my watch, and ran up a court - I followed and secured her without losing sight of her -two girls came up and held me, but I kept hold of her till the watchman came - they ran off, and she was taken to the watch-house; I am certain of her person. The watch was safe a quarter of an hour before; I will swear that she took it - I found my seals and ribbon in my waistcoat-pocket - I suppose the swivel had broken, and in the scuffle the women had put them in my waistcoat-pocket while they were trying to get her from me - the scuffle lasted two or three minutes.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Were you quite sober? A. I was; she ran off directly she took the watch, up a court in Hosier-lane; I took her within eight yards of the spot - I did not say I did not know what sort of a watch it was, for I know where it was made: I was surprised to find my seals in my waistcoat-pocket, as my watch had been in my fob. I said it was a small silver watch.
Prisoner's Defence. I was not five minutes there - he said he did not know whether he had pawned his watch or lost it, and that he would have given any money rather than have given me in charge, if he had known his seals had been in his pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
