






804. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GOODEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on on the 41th of October, one piece of cloth, containing twenty yards, value 20 l.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Edenborough
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Chittenden
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bartlett
                  



               
            .
MESSRS. ALLEY AND ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  CRUISE
               



            . I am porter to Messrs. J. Edenborough, T. Chittenden, and T. Bartlett, who are in the Manchester and woollen line


, and live in Queen-street, Cheapside; they have a customer named Harris, a tailor, in Warwick-court, Holborn. On the 30th of August, I took a piece of cloth to him; I never fetched it back, nor did the prisoner order me to fetch it; there are two porters, myself and Blackman.
Cross-examined by MR. BOLLAND. Q. How long has the prisoner been there - A. About four years as town traveller
; his duty was to get orders, which he reported to the house, and they executed them; he lived in Wynyatt-street, Goswell-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a tailor, and live in Warwick-court. On the 30th of August, I received a piece of cloth from the prosecutors, it was worth twenty or thirty pounds, and on the 14th of October

 it was delivered to a porter, in consequence of this written order from the prisoner; (producing it) I am not positive that I was present at the delivery; it had been left with me for inspection; it is the custom to return goods if they are not liked.
(Order read.)
14th of October.
Received back a black cloth, No. 13,550.
W. GOODEN.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Do you know the order to be his writing - A. I believe it to be; I have often seen him write; I believe I was present when the cloth was delivered, as I usually deliver them myself; there was no limited time for me to decide on it; it was sent at six and two month's credit.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I am in partnership with Edenborough and Co.; the prisoner was our clerk and salesman; he had no other employment; we sometimes called him our town traveller; his duty was to get what orders he could; his orders should then be entered in the order book; another person would look them out, and deliver them to the porters to take to the customers; he had no control over the goods; when woollen goods are sent out, a week or ten days are generally given before they are decided on; if they are not perfect, an allowance is made, which is called shorts and bracks; (looks at a book) I find this cloth entered to Harris, in the prisoner's handwriting, and on the opposite side is an allowance of half a yard made for shorts and bracks, and the price settled at 14 s. 6 d. per yard, which denoted that the cloth was sold to Mr. Harris; the receipt produced by Mr. Harris is in the prisoner's writing.
Q. Have you at any time before he left your service had any conversation with him respecting any thing - A. Yes, respecting deficiences, and he mentioned, that there was this cloth and two others, which he had converted to his own use; this was on the 26th of April; he had no authority to sell on his own account, nor had he debited himself for it.
Cross-examined by MR. BOLLAND. Q. How long have you been in the firm - A. Twelve months; the prisoner's salary was to be left to our option at the end of the year; he was to be remunerated the same as two other servants, according to the value we set on their services; he did not have a percentage on what he sold, nor guarantee ns twenty percent on bad debt; he has entered the cloth as sold to Harris; the credit has not yet expired.
Q. To what extent has he got orders for you in the course of the year - A. Perhaps 5,000 l.; I do not know but what there were many customers whom we never saw.
Q. This conversation was on the 26th of April; he did not then deliver you a written account of the affairs with the house claiming an account with you - A. He delivered an account the following day; said there was deficiences, and those were the amount of them, he was charged on the day pervious with receiving monies, which he had not accounted for; we had then only discovered a deficiencyof 15 l.; I suspected from his manner there were other deficiences, and asked if there was more, he said yes, and asked if it was 50 l.; he said, yes, and more; I asked if it was 100 l.; he said, yes more; I said, is it 150 l.; he made no reply; he stated, that he had been tempted to it through the persuasion of his brother, to whom he gave the first 50 l. of his deficiency.
Q. Was not your application to him to settle accounts with the house - A. It was to ascertain where, and from whom the deficiency originated; Mr. Edenborough did not press him for security in my presence - I am positive of it.
Q. Are you prepared to swear whether you yourself pressed him for security - A. I have asked if he could give security.
Q. Did he not tell you, he had an acceptance of Mr. Elphics in his pocket, for 215 l., and if you gave him a statement of claims on the house, he would give you that as security - A. He said he had a bill of 215 l. but did not say by whom it was accepted, and said, he would settle our claim, but not that he would give us the bill.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you propose to settle with him merely as a clerk - A. Certainly.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. Were not instructions given to Messrs. Adams and Tillyard to draw up an agreement in such a manner as that he should not be a partner when you entered the firm - A. He proposed that he should have a per centage on what goods he sold; instructions were given to prepare an agreement to that effect, but Mr. Tillyard stated that it would make him a partner. We had the opinion of counsel, who agreed with Mr. Tillyard, and the prisoner was called into the counting-house, and told distinctly, that that agreement was done away with. We probably might have rewarded him in proportion. It was not agreed to, but left entirely to us.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did he sell goods to old or new customers - A. To both, but mostly to old ones. If the agreement had been entered into, he was to have two and a half per cent.; his deficiency exceeding that amount four times; according to his own account he is 457 l. deficient, and he has received about 130 l. from the firm as wages, as he wanted it. He did not produce Elphic's bill to me, but Mr. Elphic demanded it at the Mansion-house, saying, that the prisoner got it from him wrongfully.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. Do you know Gilbert, of Shoreditch - A. Yes; he is a customer. He observed to me that it was a pity to prosecute him.
Q. Did you not reply, that if you did not prosecute and convict him, he would take all the trade away to another house - A. I think I did.


                  JAMES 
                  BLACKBURN
               



            . I am porter to the prosecutors. I did not fetch the cloth from Harris.



               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
805. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  GOODEN
               



             was again indicted for 


               Embezzlement
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  POVALL
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Povall
               



            , a shoemaker, who lives in Hanway-yard. On the 5th of April

 the prisoner applied to me for 15 l. due to Messrs. Edenborough and Co. I paid him in 1 l. notes; he gave me an I O U for it; it was my husband's hand-writing; I burnt it.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  EDENBOROUGH
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Chittenden
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bartlett
               



            ; we live in Queen-street; the prisoner was our servant or town traveller; he collected orders, and received money due to us. Povall was a customer of ours; we lent him 15 l. on the 12th March; I have never been paid that money; I told the prisoner to collect it several times, about a fortnight after I lent it; and when he came into the counting house I have said,
"Povall has not paid that 15 l., he is a regular man, he borrowed it for a week, and it is now a fortnight, I wish you would call for it." He said,
"He is a very good man, I wish to make a more important customer of him, I will notice it, and bring it you shortly." In about another week I spoke again about it; he said I had better give him the I O U, and he would call to-morrow. I asked him after that about it, and he said, he would bring it to-morrow. He never said, he had received it till I charged him with it, which was about the 24th of April; he then changed colour, and said,
"Mr. Bartlett, I will walk a little way with you." He walked out with Mr. Bartlett.
Cross-examined by MR. BOLLAND. Q. He has been four years with you - A. Between three and four. Our firm changed about twelve months ago, and our present servants are subject to a fresh arrangement; the prisoner was to be rewarded at the end of the year according to the value we estimated his services at; before that he had a salary; there never was a specific agreement. He had been about two years and quarter with us. I proposed that he should have 400 l. for that. He was not satisfied, and I said, I will make it 450 l. and call it a year and a half, and gave him 450 l. His sales during the last year may amount to between 5000 l. and 8000 l.
Q. Have you not repeatedly told him if he wanted money, to take it, and charge himself with it, without asking - A. Never.
Q. Refer to your book and say what money he received for you in April - A. I cannot say what he received himself, as sometimes customers called and paid at the house; I believe he did receive some money in April, but I really will not swear that he himself paid me any money in April.
Q. When you called him to account about this, did you not press him for security - A. Certainly not; I never heard a word about security; if he had offered it I would not have accepted it. He paid me nothing on account of Povall; he flatly denied having received it.
COURT. Q. At what time was he to make up his accounts - A. Every day, on coming home, he was to deliver me an account and the money.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . The prisoner never accounted to me for this money.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. How much cash did he render to you after the 15th of April - A. The cash transactions are entirely under Mr. Edenborough's direction; he never gave me any money.
Q. When did he meet you about these transactions - A. On the 26th of April. On the 27th he gave me a written account; this 15 l. was among it. He was never told to take money whenever he wanted it, nor was he to lend money to customers without Mr. Edenborough's leave.
Q. Would he not have to lay out money for his expences - A. No. If he met a customer, and took a glassof ale with him, and mentioned it, we should order it to be paid out of the petty cash.
Q. You told Mr. Gilbert that unless you prosecuted him, your trade would all go to another house - A. Since my last examination I have recollected myself; the substance may be the same. I stated that we were bound to prosecute him for the good of the public; and if he was let at large, he would do us all the injury he could; and that he had abilities to do it. I said he was a most excellent salesman, and so I say now.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did he make any disclosure to you till the 28th of April - A. He did not.
Prisoner's Defence. It was not my intention to say any thing, but I shall not do justice to my character, unless I do - I entered the service in 1817, from a respectable situation; I was to have a per centage on what I did; it did not turn out as I expected, and I found, scarce any thing entered, but what orders I got myself, I was at a great expence in obtaining customers, paying for refreshment, and so on. I represensted my disappointment to Mr. Edenborough, who certainly behaved honourably to me; he told me to go on with my exertions, and I should not be disappointed - we never came to a settlement till last July, I supplied myself with money from my friends. In July, Mr. Edenborough said
"Gooden, here is so and so, your sale is so much;" I said, I should be a considerable loser, if I had no more, as I had incurred a debt of 300 l. with my friends, he said, he could give no more, and I left the service for about ten days, they sent to know my terms, I reduced them to writing; Mr. Edenborough said he could afford me only two per cent; I am certain I have sold 15,000 l. worth of goods, and there was a considerable balance coming to me - I can prove I was in the habit of lending customers money to take up bills with, as they did not like to apply to the principals, not knowing them - my expences have been 10 s. or 15 s. a day, and Mr. Bartlett has been round with me, and paid those expences; his motives were strictly honourable - I cannot call persons to say I have lent them money to take up bills, as it is a delicate thing - I met Mr. Bartlett on this business, and sent him an account of the matter; I was asked if I had received this 15 l., I said, I had, and I was to make out an account and pay it over; they said, they had a particular reason for not making out an account of my commission, and I cannot settle without it - they wanted security for it, but I was not prepared at that moment, and they introduced an officer.
- GILBERT. I am a tailor, and live in Shoreditch. Mr. Bartlett called on me and said, the prisoner was an excellent servant, and if he was not prosecuted, he might be a great injury to their house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
