





1958. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, 3 live tame fowls, price 4s. 6d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Ames
                        



                     
                  ; 1 bag, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Bradley
                        



                     
                  ; 29 lbs. weight of lead, value 5s., and 2 brass cocks, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas Cole 
                           Hipkin
                        



                     
                  , and fixed to a building of his
            ; and that, at the General Session of the Delivery of the Gaol of our Lord the King, held at Justice Hall, in the Old Bailey, on Thursday, the 31st of May, in the eighth year of the present Reign, he was convicted of felony.
ROBERT AMES I am a schoolmaster
, and live in Redman's-row, Stepney


. On the 20th of October, about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, when I went to the school, I found the back door of the play-ground broken open, and three fowls gone from a shed at the back of the house - I saw the fowls at Worship-street the same day; they were then dead.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLE HIPKIN
               



            . I live in Claremont-place, Redman's-row, about a hundred yards from Mr. Ames' school. I heard that the lead pipes had been taken from Nos. 4 and 5, Redman's-row: I went, and missed the pipe and two brass cocks, which had been affixed to a building of mine.


                  THOMAS 
                  BRADLEY
               



            . I lost this sack or bag the samenight the fowls were taken; the fowls were found in the sack - it is a particular one of my own making.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLLETT
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoner in Mile-end-road on the 20th of October, at a quarter before seven o'clock in the morning; this bag was laying by the side of the road, and when I stopped to look at it he came up; I said, "Is this yours?" he said Yes - I said, "What is in it?" he said he did not know; I said."You have been at your old tricks again;" he said, "What is a man to do? he can't starve;" I took him to the watch-house.


                  GEORGE 
                  KELLY
               



            . I went with the prisoner to the watch-house, and found three fowls, this pipe, and two cocks in the bag; the witnesses have seen the articles, and sworn to them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 71.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
