






1884. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  BUTLER
               




             and 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  McCORMICK
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of July
, 1 pair of half-boots, value 2s.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 knife, value 1d.; 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Washington
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH WASHINGTON. I am a waterman
, and live in Charles-square, St. George in the East. On the 31st of July, at five o'clock in the morning, I went into the White Hart, public-house, nobody was in the room - I had been uptwo nights, and fell asleep in the room, and when I awoke, my handkerchief was taken off my neck, the boots off my feet, and my money and knife, from my pocket - I know nothing of the prisoners.
Prisoner BUTLER. I had been with him all night. Witness. I had not not been with her at all.


                  THOMAS 
                  GEORGE SIZER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and have a pair of boots and a handkerchief, which were pawned by McCormick, on the 31st of July, about one o'clock - Butler was at the door at the time.


                  JOHN 
                  MIDDLEDITCH
               



            . I am headborough of Shadwell. I went into the White Hart about one o'clock or later, and the prosecutor charged the prisoners, who were there, with robbing him; he said that Mitchell had told him nobody but them had been in the room, while he was asleep; they resisted being searched - this duplicate fell from Butler; McCormick took it up, and put it into her mouth.


                  MARGARET 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I saw the prosecutor at the White Hart on the the morning of the 31st of July, asleep; the two prisoners were there - I had not seen them with him before he went to sleep. I saw them go out, and directly missed the boots off his feet.
Prisoner McCORMICK. Q. Did not he come in with us, and you bring us a quartern of gin? A. No; I never saw them come in.
BUTLER's Defence. He met me and another woman at eleven o'clock at night, and kept me with him all night, and promised me 2s., which he would not give me - he took me and the other prisoner to the White Hart in the morning, and gave us some gin, and then he would not pay for it - he told me to pawn his boots, and said in an hour he should have money to get them out - we went back to the house, and he gave us in charge.
McCORMICK's Defence. I met them, and he took us to the White Hart.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WASHINGTON
               



            . The constable said they would very likely come to the house again, which they did, and were taken. I swear I had not been with either of them.
BUTLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
McCORMICK - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 19.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
