





288. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  PARR
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
, 24 feet of veneers, value 2l.; 14 squares of glass, value 4l., and 2 glasses and frames, value 1l. 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edward Theyer 
                  Loader
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I met the prisoner on the night of the 16th of December, in Whitechapel-road, about seven o'clock, with a bag under his arm - I asked what he had got, and he said plate-glass, which he had brought from No. 11, Munyard-street, Hoxton; he afterwards said he was going to take it there, and had bought it of a man at his own door. I took him to the office, and then went to Munyard-street, where he said he lodged. I found a great number of articles there, some behind the bed, and some in other places, which I have brought here.
EDWARD THEYER LOADER. I am a manufacturing upholsterer
, and live in Tabernacle-walk, Shoreditch


. The prisoner was in the employ of Mr. Griffith, whose premises join mine - there is a wall between our yards, and an iron gate which leads to premises where I carry on my glass business. I have missed a great quantity of property at different times.
Cross-examined by MR. BARAY. Q. Do you deal in glass? A. Yes; but I never sell it in this state; I know this because it has my initials on it, which are taken off when it is worked - they are put on when it is selected at the glass house; I know this veneer to be mine, and this looking-glass; I have very few workmen.


                  JOSEPH 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was with Brown, and what he has stated is correct; when I took the prisoner into the Nag's Head, public-house, he said if I would let him go, he would tell me where he got it, from Mr. Loader's, in Tabernacle-walk.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
