





2130. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of October
, 1 truss of hay, value 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Jeremiah 
                  Humphreys
               




            .
JEREMIAH HUMPHREYS. I am a farmer
, and live at Chingford


. On the 15th of October I was fetched to the office, and found some hay, which I think was mine; it had been sown very late, and was very poor - the prisoner was my carter
, and drove my team - the hay was in my stack-yard.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  READING
               



            . I am a patrol. On the 15th of October I was with Smith - I saw a cart with some hay, near the Fountain public-house, at Clapton; there were three horses, but no carman - we waited a few minutes, and saw the prisoner come out of the Fountain yard with a pail in his hand - he dipped four or five pails of water, and poured it into the trough for the horses - he then got on the top of the cart, turned back the tarpauling, and threw down a truss of hay - he got down, took it up, and went towards the stable with it - I went and took hold of him, and asked what he was going to do with it - he said to leave it till he returned from London - I asked if he had enough hay for his horses till he returned - he said he had- I said, "My lad, I think you are robbing your master"- I gave the hay to Smith, and took the prisoner, cart, and horses up to the watch-house - there was some hay tied to the side of the cart for the horses - Mr. Humphreys' name was on the cart; I got on the top of the cart, and found one truss with only one hand on it - Cowley said,"That is the bottle-truss; we must detain that" - I threw it down, and asked the prisoner where the load of hay was to go; he said, "To the King's Arms public-house, Leadenhall-market;" I took it there, and delivered thirty-six trusses of hay.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was with Reading; his evidence is correct; the prisoner had taken the truss about a dozen yards up the Fountain yard.


                  JOSHUA 
                  PEPPERCORN
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Humphreys. I loaded his cart last Saturday week, in the evening, to go to town on Monday morning; I put thirty-six trusses into it, and one bottle-truss in the hind part of the cart - there was no other truss there - there was no other truss tied up in the yard, that I know of; I saw this hay at the watch-house, and believe it to be master's.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COWLING
               



            . I received the prisoner at the watch-house, and asked why he was going to leave the truss; he said to feed his horses on his return; I said, "I suppose you have some manger-meat for them?" he said No; we found the bottle-truss in the cart.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
