





1248. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BUCKLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of May
, 40lbs. weight of lead, value 5s., belonging to 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Cook
                     




                  , and fixed to his dwelling house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HANDS
               



            . I am a watchman of the Savoy. Mr. Henry Cook's house is in Waterloo-place


 - the back of it is in the Savoy. I was called by Mr. Cook's servant, about half-past ten o'clock at night, on the 31st of May - I went and told him to get my partner to stand at the back of the premises - I searched and found this piece of pipe near the gate, at the back of the house; it was entirely cut from the place where it had been, and put through the gate in order to be carried away - I came back and found the prisoner in my partner's custody - I found a pair of shoesin a cart close by where the lead pipe laid; we took the prisoner to the watch-house; he had no shoes on, but he put on those I found; they just fitted him - next morning we compared the lead pipe with what was left, and it corresponded exactly; a knife was found in the cart where the shoes had been, and a basket by the side of the lead.


                  JOHN 
                  LAWRANCE
               



            . I am a watchman. I was ordered by the servant to go with him, and he placed me outside the premises, and said whoever was inside they could not get out, except by that gateway - when I had been there about ten minutes the prisoner came from an archway, close to Mr. Cook's premises; he had no shoes on - I asked him what took him there, as there was no thoroughfare - he said he had heard a cry of Thieves! and he went to hold a candle for a watchman, who had looked for the thieves - I held him, and he was taken to the watch-house; a pair of shoes were found in the cart, which fitted him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BAYLIS
               



            . I am Mr. Henry Cook's servant. I was in the kitchen - I heard a noise, and called the watchman - this piece of pipe has been joined to the other in the back kitchen.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . On the morning after the prisoner had been taken, I went to search the premises, and found this knife behind the tail-board of the cart; it has a notch or two on it, and has had a blow on the back.
COURT to 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HANDS
               



            . Q. You made such an arrangement that the party could not get away? - A. Yes; there was no one else taken.
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing the Savoy, and heard one watchman call the other - I went, but saw nothing - I was coming back, and this watchman stopped me - I had been to see what was the matter; he kept me till the other watchman came; they took me to the watch-house, and persuaded me to take a pair of shoes - I was not worth any shoes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
