






1429. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  CONNELL
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BALL
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of August
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Davis
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM DAVIS. I am a musical instrument maker
, and live in Coventry-street. On Sunday evening, the 20th of August, I was at this end of Long-acre


, walking alone - I did not know I was robbed till Boston ran after me in Queen-street, and asked me if I had lost my handkerchief - I said I had; he said, "Come along with me, here are the boys who have got it." I had not seen the prisoners before, but I had seen a person taller than them watch me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COUSINS
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. I was on duty in Long-acre; Boston and two or three others were with me: Boston came and touched me on the shoulder, and said, "Come this way - they have just gotthe handkerchief," pointing to Connell, who was turning the corner; I went to him, and he put his hand into his pocket - I said, "Let your pocket be;" he put his hand into his pocket again, and I found this handkerchief in it; the prosecutor was then gone down Queen-street.


                  JOHN 
                  BOSTON
               



            . I am a patrol. I was in Long-acre, and saw the two prisoners; Connell took the handkerchief from Mr. Davis' pocket, while Ball was close by him, and he must have seen it; I had followed them from Mr. Bowditch's, the coach-maker; they turned into Drury-lane, and I told Cousins of it. I saw the handkerchief taken from Connell.


                  JOHN 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am a patrol. I apprehended Ball, and found two handkerchiefs on him - one, he said, belonged to his sister, and the other to his brother.(Property produced and sworn to.)
CONNELL'S Defence. I was coming up Long-acre, and saw a great many officers; I saw a young man in a long brown coat drop this handkerchief, which I took up; Boston then asked what I had got - I said it was nothing to him; he said if I did not give it him he would get an officer. Soon afterwards the other prisoner was brought to me, but I had never seen him before.
BALL'S Defence. I was coming up Long-acre, from Queen-street chapel - I passed a great many officers, who caught this young man for something, and then they caught me, and said I belonged to him.
CONNELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
BALL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
