







1510. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HAYES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     BUXTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July

, 1 ring, value 10s.; 2 stockings, value 1s.; 3 sovereigns, 2 half-sovereigns, 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence
            , the property of 
               
                  Ralph 
                  Davis
               



            : and 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  TRACEY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
RALPH DAVIS. I am mate of a ship
. Last Monday night, about twelve o'clock, I fell in with the prisoner Burton in Ratcliff-highway



; we went to a house - I wanted change for a 5l. note, but could not get it; I got it about seven o'clock next morning - I was then in bed with Hayes; Buxton had gone down the night before and came up that morning; when I got the change from the landlady I put the money into my pocket-book, and put it into my coat pocket - I went to sleep about nine o'clock, and awoke again about eleven; the girls were then gone and the money also - I saw the eldest prisoner but did not speak to her; I went down to the landlady, and 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Kelly
               



             said she saw 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Tracey
               



             throw something from her side; I have seen my ring since, but nothing else - it was found in the kitchen grate; the two girls were both in the room when I went to sleep in the morning; I did not see any one take any thing from me.


                  ANN 
                  COSAR
               



            . I am owner of the house - my husband is at sea. Tracey came to me about a quarter-past twelve o'clock at night, and asked me if I could let her have a bed for a young man and woman; I said Yes - in about ten minutes these two young women and the prosecutor came to the house - I asked him 2s. for the bed; he gave me a 5l. note - I said I could not get change that night, but I could in the morning; I told Tracey she could come down stairs, and sit with me - in the morning, at seven o'clock, I got change, and gave it to him in bed - the two girls were there at the time; he asked me to get breakfast for him, and take it up stairs, which I did - there was coffee, eggs, and ham; I did not see his watch; I saw Hayes come down stairs, call her mother, (Tracey is her mother) and whisper to her; I said she must not whisper, and she went up again - she then came down and told me to get a pot of ale; when I came back with it, Mrs. Tracey told me the girls were gone out - I then awoke the young man, and he said he had been robbed; I did not find the ring - the girls did not go to the kitchen where the ring was found; Buxton had lived with me - her mother was a hard working woman till lately, when she has turned out what she is; Margaret Tracey bought two new pairs of stockings that morning.


                  ELIZA 
                  KELLY
               



            . On the morning in question I was in the kitchen, and saw Mrs. Tracey sitting by the fire with a child in her lap - when she heard the officers were coming she tried to put something down the child's bosom; she saw me, and threw something into the fire-place - I told the people, they looked and found the ring - there was nothing else found in the grate.


                  JAMES 
                  FOGG
               



            . I went with the prosecutor to the house No. 31, Union-street - I saw the prisoner Tracey there; I asked her if she knew any thing of it - she said No; I said,"I must go to your house;" and there I found the stockings that the prosecutor said were his.
Hayes' Defence. I met this man and went with him - there was no fastening to the door; I stopped there that night - the next morning my mother came to me and I went home with her; when I left him I put his watch under his head and his money was all right - in the afternoon I was taken in the highway.
Buxton's Defence. He gave us the money to buy the stockings.
Tracey's Defence. This woman came to me and said I was wanted to buy some stockings; I went there and took these dirty ones to wash - I am innocent about the ring.
JURY to 
               
                  ANN 
                  COSAR
               



            . Q. Did any one come to fetch Hayes away? A. No; they both went out together
HAYES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
BUXTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
TRACEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 51.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
