





606. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SANDERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               bigamy
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ERROLD
               



            . I live in the Harrow-road, and know the prisoner. He lodged at my house six weeks before the 20th of March, 1821. I was present at his marriage to 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Wakeman
                  



               
            , at Paddington. He left my house on the day he was married. I saw his wife on the 21st of March last, alive, at her lodgings in the Hampstead-road.



                  GEORGE 
                  WATT
               



            . I produce a certificate of the prisoner's marriage at Paddington, on 20th of March, 1821. I compared it with the register.
(read).


                     BRIDGET 
                     GRAYDON
                  



               
            . I know the prisoner. He married me at St. John the Evangelist, Westminster, on the 10th of October last. He represented himself as a single man.


                  GEORGE 
                  WATT
               



            . I am Grayden's brother-in-law. I have a copy of the register of her marriage to the prisoner, at St. John the Evangelist. (read). The prisoner described himself as a bachelor.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  TALBOTT
               



            . I was present at this marriage.
Prisoner's Defence. I married my first wife by the parish, and lived unhappy. On proof of her infidelity, we parted by mutual consent. I got acquainted with my second wife - she was in the family way by me, and urged me to marry, and threatened to swear the child to me; and being alarmed, I married her - not knowing I was doing wrong.


                  BRIDGET 
                  GRAYDON
               



            . I was never in the family way till I married him; nor did I threaten to swear a child to him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Park.
