






139. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SENIOR
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing on the 10th of November
, 47 lbs. of lead, value 5 s. the goods of 
                     
                        Bently 
                        Burroughs
                     




                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
BENTLY BURROUGHS. I am a publican
, and keep the Dundee Arms, in Bethnal-green


. On the morning of the4th of November, at half-past seven o'clock, I missed this lead, which was safe, the night before, it was ripped from the front of the tap-room windows; next morning the officer shewed it to me; I saw it fitted to the place, it corresponded exactly.


                  JOHN 
                  TRIBE
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol; on Sunday morning about five o'clock, I received information, and fell in with the prisoners, in Gloucester-street, Hackney-road; a little after six o'clock, coming in a direct line from Bethnal-green, in company together; Senior was carrying something heavy; Beris stopped him, it was lead; Turner walked off immediately, but I detained him. The lead fitted the prosecutor's premises.


                  JOHN 
                  BERIS
               



            . I am a patrol, I was with the last witness, his account is correct. Senior had 47 lbs. of lead in a basket; he said he went to get in mushrooms, and found it in Bow-fields.
TURNER'S Defence. I was two-hundred yards from the other.
SENIOR'S Defence. The lead is not his, I took it from the Shepherd public-house at Bow.
TURNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
SENIOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
