






514. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of May

, one seal, value 3 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John George 
                           Fearn
                        





                     
                  , in his dwelling house
            .
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GEORGE FEARN
               



            . I live in Cornhill



. The prisoner came into my service as porter
, in August, 1819, and continued till the end of October, or the beginning of November last. At the commencement of this year, I took stock, and missed a quantity of gold seals and keys, and other articles, and in consequence of which I had the prisoner apprehended. He had access to the shop while the shopmen were at dinner.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Can you say when you last saw the seal in question. - A. No, I did not part with the prisoner on suspicion of dishonesty.
ROBERT SPARROW. I was shopman to Mr. Benton, of 244, High Holborn. I produce a gold seal, which was pawned on the 2d of May, 1820, by the prisoner, for 26 s., he is the man, I knew him before.
Cross-examined. Q. How often have you seen the prisoner. - A. Four or five times. I do not know whether it was pawned by day or night - I am certain he pawned this seal. I know it was on the 2d of May, by the date of the duplicate; he usually came to me on a Saturday, he might come on other days - 26 s. is a fair price to lend on it.
MR. DOWLING. - Q. Is your's an extensive business - A. Yes, to the best of my knowledge the prisoner is the man who pawned it - it was in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Cooper
               



            .
Q. Are you certain the prisoner is the man. - A. If there is the least benefit, I always give it to the prisoner, but to the best of my recollection, he is the man. I am not quite sure.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  MAYHEW
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner in Gerrard-street, Soho, but found nothing on him.



               NOT GUILTY
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
515. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  BALL
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of March

, one seal, value 2 l. 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        George Fearn
                     



                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. FEARN. I am a jeweller, and live in Cornhill. The prisoner was my porter, and left in October, and in the beginning of this year I missed some property, and had him apprehended.


                  ROBERT 
                  SPARROW
               



            . I was shopman to Mr. Benton. On the 11th of March, 1820, I took a gold seal in pawn of the prisoner, in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Cooper
               



            , for 26 s. I am positive the prisoner is the man who pawned this seal - I had seen him three times before.
Cross-examined. Q. What makes you now so positive. - A. It is a particular sort of seal, I observed it as a good seal, he pawned it at night, and I think on Saturday, which is a busy night with us. He usually came on Saturday night, and I thought he wanted to make up some money. I am positive it was the prisoner.
(Property produced, and sworn to.)
(The prisoner made an exceeding long defence, but all that related to the question, was, that the pawnbroker must be mistaken in his person, and declaring his innocence.)




               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
