





888. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  MORRIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of March
, 1 iron bound cask, value 7s. 6d., 10 gallons and 1 quart of noyeau, value 5l. 12s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Pathonier
               



             and 
               
                  Maria 
                  Weller
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  FAIRBAIRN
               



            . I am clerk to Francis Pathonier and Maria Weller, distillers

, of Silver-street, Wood-street. I know this cask to be their property - there were ten gallons and a quart of noyeau in it.


                  THOMAS 
                  STYLES
               



            . I am carman to the prosecutors. On the 3d of March I left the cart at the corner of Angel-street


 - when I came back this cask was gone; I had left it on the cart about three minutes and a half before; there had been seven in the cart, and this laid behind, on the near side, by the tail board.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I was at the corner of St. Ana's-lane, where I saw a cart, with the name of Pathonier and Weller on it - the carman was gone up the street, and I saw a man get into the cart, and deliver this cask out to the prisoner - the other weat towards Newgate-street; the prisoner went towards Bull and Mouth-street. I and several others stopped him, and asked where he was going with it - he said a man had ordered him to take it to a place just by; he then put down the cask, but we made him bring it back. I went and got the officer.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not see the man come and ask me if I would carry a load for him? A. No. - there were five of you together.


                  GEORGE 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner and cask to Pathonier and Wellers.
Prisoner's Defence. A man came and asked me to carry this load; I said Yes, and he got into the cart.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
