






40. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BARTLETT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, one reticule, value 2 s. 6 d., two half-crowns and three sixpences, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Caroline 
                           Williams
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .
CAROLINE WILLIAMS. I am a single woman
, and live in Marman-street, Commercial-road. On the 9th of November, about three o'clock, I was in Cheapside


, waiting for the Lord Mayor's procession. I had a reticule in my hand, containing 6 s. 6 d., a key, and a handkerchief, it was snatched out of my hand, I saw it go, but could not tell who took it, there were a great number of persons by, I saw it at Guildhall the next day, when the prisoner were in custody - I saw them at the watch-house about an hour after; the 6 s. 6 d. was in it then, as also my handkerchief and key.


                  MICHAEL 
                  HOY
               



            . I am a watchman. I was on duty at the corner of Watling-street, near St. Paul's; Mines, the constable, beckoned to me to follow some persons; about three o'clock, we saw the prisoners at the corner of Cheapside, next to St. Paul's, in company, together with many others. I watched them towards Queen-street, I heard Miss Williams cry out that she was robbed, she was then down on her knees, and her scarf half off her shoulder. I saw Bartlett snatch the reticule from her hand; Wright was a very little distance from him - I noticed them in company all the way. I immediately seized Bartlett, he threw the reticule to Wright, whom Hughes secured and took it from him; I saw it in his hands. We took them to the watch-house - the reticule fell open as it was snatched.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  MINES
               



            . I am a constable. I saw Hoy at the corner of St. Paul's church-yard - I called him to my assistance, we followed a gang; I first saw the prisoners near St. Paul's church-yard. I saw Miss Williams against a door, she complained of having lost her reticule; the prisoners were both near her, I did not see it taken. Foy seized Bartlett and Hughes took Wright - there was a great crowd, I took Wright to the watch-house, the reticule was torn with the violence of the pull - I found 10 s. 6 d. on Wright and a gold ring on his finger.


                  FREDERICK 
                  HUGHES
               



            , I am a watchman. I saw the prisoners in Cheapside, in company; I followed them with a great many more, they kept rushing about the mob. I heard the prosecutrix scream out and say somebody was robbing her. I saw Wright receive the reticule from Bartlett, it was a little dirty with the mud.


                  JAMES 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I am a constable, and was in Cheapside. We followed the prisoners from Ludgate-hill, to where this happened - I did not see the prosecutrix till Foy called, and gave Bartlett's hand into mine; he had a ring on, I took it off, and Foy said, "Take him, here is another;" he seized Wright, who had the reticule in his hand, which the prosecutrix claimed - it is torn, there were thirty or forty persons in the gang.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BARTLETT'S Defence. I went to see the show, and heard the cry of thieves - I stood by the lady, but am innocent.
WRIGHT'S Defence. I heard the cry, the mob drove me on the pavement - I saw the reticule on the ground, and picked it up to find the owner.
WRIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
BARTLETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
