





234. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BENTLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Nicholas William Ridley 
                           Colbourne
                        



                     
                  , Esq.
, on the 1st of January
, no person being therein, and stealing two beds, value 6 l.; seven pillows, value 1 l.; one coal scuttle, value 2 s.; one table, value 5 s.; one gown, value 3 s.; one spencer, value 3 s.; two spoons, value 2 d.; four picture frames, value 10 s.; two coats, value 10 s.; one set of fire irons, value 6 s., and one waistcoat value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Lynn
                  



               
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  JANE 
                  LYNN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Lynn
               



            , we live over Mr. 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  William Ridley Colbourne
               



            's stables, whose dwelling-house is in Hill-street


, and does not communicate with the stables. We live there as his servants. In January, we were out of town, with our master; this property was in our apartments. I was the last that left town, which was on the 18th of December. I lockedall the rooms, and put the keys in a cupboard, locked the street door, and took the key with me. The bed, pillows, and blankets belonged to Mr. Colbourne, the other things were ours.


                  ELIZA 
                  HOLLIS
               



            . I live in Farm-street. My front window looks on Mr. Colbourne's stables; On the 1st of January, about four o'clock, I saw the shutters open, it was moonlight. I gave an alarm, and saw the shutters closed again a little, but saw nobody.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HOLLES
               



            . I am the husband of the last witness. In consequence of the alarm, the stable keys were brought to me; I went with Bland and Sedgwick, unlocked the door, and went up stairs, without searching the stable - I had rang the bell and called out before we went in, and nobody answered; I heard a cry of Stop thief! ran down into South Audley-street, overtook Mrs. Bland, went down Dean-street, and found the prisoner in custody of a man who is not here. A skeleton key and two spoons were found on him; the key was tried to the door, but did not open it. Mrs. Bland said,
"That is the man who ran out of the stable, I will swear to him;" he said he was the man who ran out, that he went against the door for a necessary purpose, found it open, and went in. I found the door fast.


                  MARTHA 
                  BLAND
               



            . I went to the stable door with Holles, and stood outside while he went up stairs. I saw the prisoner run out of the stable, apparently from behind the door - I ran after him, crying Stop thief! he was secured and brought back; I am sure he is the man, I said
"You are the man who came out of the stable;" he said,
"Yes, I am;" that he was in the stable, but not up stairs - I saw his face plainly.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BLAND
               



            . I am the husband of the last witness. I went up stairs, heard the alarm, pursued, and found him in custody - my wife said he was the man.


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a beadle. I searched him and found two tea spoons, and a skeleton key in his pocket - I went to the stables, and found a cupboard broken open; I compared a chissel to the marks, it fitted exactly - the fire irons were tied up.


                  ELIZA 
                  LYNN
               



            . The fire irons were in the closet with the tea-spoons, and not tied up, they are mine. I found the chissel in the cupboard, it was not there when I left.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the spoons in the street; I bought four and gave two away - as to the key, it was made to fit my door, and is not a skeleton.
GUILTY. Aged 28.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 6 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
