





1617. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SQUIRES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of August
, 1 half-sovereign, 8 shillings, 1 pint of rum, value 2s., and 1 bottle, value 3d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Southall
                        




                     
                  , spinster
, his mistress
            .
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.


                  MARY 
                  SOUTHALL
               



            . I am sister to 
               
                  Ann 
                  Southall
               



            , the prisoner, and was in her service. On Sunday evening, the 2nd of August, the prisoner came and asked me for a bottle of rum and change for a sovereign, for Mr. Curling, of Canonbury-square - I gave him the rum, a half-sovereign, and 8s. in silver; he did not return; I went up to the room which he occupied, and his clothes were gone - I told my father and pursuit was made.


                  JANE 
                  NICHOLLS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Curling, ofCanonbury-square. I know nothing of the rum being ordered - there was no rum nor silver brought there.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SOUTHALL
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's father. She gave me information, and I went up to Highgate; I returned, and found the prisoner at the Crown, at Holloway; there was a bottle of rum, and 13s. 10 1/2d. found on him - the bottle has my daughter's name on it.


                  JOHN 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I am an inspector of the watch. I have the bottle of rum and money; the prisoner said nothing at the time; I do not know what he said before the Magistrate.
Prisoner's Defence (written). - On the 2nd day of August two persons stopped at the door, and I called for a pint of rum and change for a sovereign, as requested by those persons; the sovereign was not given to me - on my obtaining the rum from the bar, I desired that 5d. might be taken for a pot of beer which was before owing, and received 17s. 7d. as the change out of the sovereign; on my going to the door with the rum, I found the persons who asked for it were gone.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
