





1397. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  PALMER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of July
, 2 coats, value 3l.; 1 looking-glass, value 10s.; 1 pair of boots, value 10s.; 4 keys, value 1s., and 1 set of fire-irons, value 9s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Laurence 
                  Opperman
               




            .


                  LAURENCE 
                  OPPERMAN
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker
, and live in Rosemary-lane


 - the prisoner was one of my journeymen
; I paid him weekly - he boarded and lodged with me; he had been with me about five weeks. On the 2d of July I got up about half-past six o'clock, or near seven - I found my shop door was unbolted, the chain off, and the bar down; the door was open, but just pulled too - I missed the property stated in the indictment, and found the prisoner was gone; he had not given me any notice - a person found him in the City the next day; he had my boots on, and the street door key in his pocket - I never found my coats again; the glass he said he had sold - I asked him what he had done with my property, but I did not make him any promise or threat.


                  JOHN 
                  UPWOOD
               



            . I was at the watch-house when the prisoner was brought there - he had these boots on, which he said were Mr. Opperman's; he owned that he had taken two coats, a looking-glass, a set of fire-irons, and several other small things - there was no promise or threat made to him, but he was asked what he had done with the things;he said he had taken them, that he had sold them, and was sorry for it.
Prisoner. Q. Did not the prosecutor say he would do every thing for me, as I was going to get a ship? A. No, he did not.
Prisoner's Defence. I never had the coats - the boots the prosecutor lent me the evening before.
LAURENCE OPPERMAN. No, I never lent him the boots - my wife had lent him her boots to put on.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
