





834. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     GODDING
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of May
, one gown, value 30 s.; one handkerchief. value 2 s.; one apron, value 1 s., and one pair of shoes, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Watts
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  WATTS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Watts
               



            , we live in Rose-street, Covent-garden. On the 3d of May, this property was in my stall, at Brook-green fair


 - I went to bed about half-past three o'clock in the morning, my stall was all closed in - I was awoke by feeling the cold come in; I jumped up, missed the property, and found one side of the stall cut to pieces - I gave the alarm, and in about an hour, the prisoner passed the stall with another, I heard him say,
"That is the stall we prigged." I laid hold of them both, they beat me terribly, and one got away - I kept the prisoner till the officer came. The things were in a dirty white apron.


                  JAMES 
                  HOARE
               



            . I was at the fair. I had a stall there - about four o'clock in the morning, a gang of eight lads opened my booth, and asked me to buy this property; it was a gown, apron, and a flannel petticoat - I refused, and the prisoner, who was one of them, took it away - they were in a dirty white apron.


                  GEORGE 
                  RICHMOND
               



            . I had a gingerbread stall at the fair; and saw the prisoner at four o'clock in the morning, with a bundle in a white apron under his arm, with seven or eight more; I watched them to Hoare's stall - I am sure he is the boy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
