





1265. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  TAYLOR
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; 1 pencil-case, value 3s., and 7s. 6d., the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Best
                     




                  , from his person
            .
GEORGE BEST. I am waiter
 at the Woolpack tavern, St. Peter's-alley, Cornhill, but having a bad hand I left, and was at my mother's in Duke-street, Union-street. On the 10th of May, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was coming down George-yard, Whitechapel


, on my way home; the prisoner laid hold of my arm three different times, as I wished to shun her; she asked me to go home with her - I said No, I was in a hurry, and did not want to be detained: I got to the end of George-yard, and saw a mob; I turned down a court - she came to me again, pushed me in at a door; and from nine to fifteen of them dragged me in, shut the door, knocked me down, and took away everything I had; they took it forcibly out of my pockets; the door opened into a room; I do not know who shut it - I am quite positive she is one of them, and she took my money out of my waistcoat pocket - I had 7s. 6d. there. I got up as soon as I could, and got out at the door- I went to the patrol, and we took her in about half an hour, going into a pawnbroker's in High-street, Whitechapel; I could not find any of the others.


                  THOMAS 
                  YEARLEY
               



            . I am a patrol. A few minutes before eight o'clock on the 10th of May, Best applied to me- we found the prisoner in about half an hour, going into a pawnbroker's; I found 6d. in copper on her, but nothing else; Best persisted in her being the girl; he was perfectly sober - he pointed her out to me.
Prisoner's Defence. I met him in Whitechapel; he asked where I was going; he followed me to the house, and gave me 6d.; they wanted another 6d. for the room - he would not give it, and went out.
GEORGE BEST. I did not go with her, or give her anything.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
