





1792. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  LEWIS
               



             was indicted for a 


               misdemeanor
            .


                  EDMUND 
                  CLEATON
               



            . I live with my brother, 
               
                  Edward 
                  Cleaton
               




            , a haberdasher
, of Southampton-row. On the 12th of August, about seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to our warehouse which is in Cateaton-street


; I was there - he said he came from No. 21, Southampton-row - that Mr. Jones had sent him for a flannel about 2s. a yard, one hundred and fifty yards long; knowing Jones lived with my brother I believed he came from there, though he was a stranger; I delivered it him, believing his statement, or I should not let him have it - it is worth 12l. When he was gone Rowland came in; I told him a man had come from our shop without an order - from what he said I followed him, and took the flannel from him in Lad-lane; he asked me to go to the shop with him, but he was going a contrary way.


                  EDWARD 
                  JONES
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Cleaton, at Southampton-row. The prisoner came about eleven o'clock in the morning of the 12th of August, and asked if Mr. Cleaton was at home - I said No; he asked if he wanted a porter, as he had a brother who wanted a place - he went away. I never sent him to the warehouse.


                  EVAN 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I went to the warehouse, and met the prisoner going out. Cleaton's account is correct.


                  JAMES 
                  FORDHAM
               



            . I took him in charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I heard Mr. Cleaton was in want of a person, and went there; I went to a public-house, and do not know what happened afterwards.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
