





908. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  MEGAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of May
, 60 lbs. of lead, value 10 s., belonging to, and fixed to a certain building of 
                     
                        William 
                        Richardson
                     




                  s
            , against the statute.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. William Richardson. This lead was taken from some buildings in Park-crescent, Mary-le-bone


, on the 3d of May - I was at some houses there, and set Burke to watch the prisoner; I then went round myself, and saw the prisoner on the house No. 29, at the corner of the New-road and the crescent; I asked what he was doing there - he said looking for a trowel which he had left there when he repaired the roof for Mr. Richardson. I observed upon the hip of the roof of the corner house that some lead had been disturbed - it had been fastened down by nails, but had been taken up, and laid on in a temporary manner; I had seen it all safe some time before, but I cannot exactly say how long.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you seen it for some months before? A. Perhaps not. The prisoner told a sawyer on the premises that he had left a trowel there.


                  JOHN 
                  BURKE
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Richardson. I was with Stevens on the 3d of May; I saw some person on the top of the house, at the corner of Park-crescent - I went and saw the prisoner on the top of the house, stripping the lead off the hip of the roof, and pulling it down to the gutter; I saw him folding it with his hands: I cannot tell whether he had any instrument; he looked over the parapet, but I do not know whether he saw me or not; he then took the lead back again, opened it out, and replaced it; I distinctly saw him do that: Stevens was on the roof before I got up; he said he came to look for his trowel: I told him I had seen him take up the lead, and then put it down; he said if I thought he had done any thing improper to take him to the office: there was more than 60 lbs. of lead loose on the roof.
Cross-examined. Q. How long might he be in your presence rolling up the lead? A. About ten minutes. Itwas not laid flat as it had been before. I was about four hundred yards from him when I first saw him.
Two witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
