






1731. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CONDON
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ROYSTON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of October
, 3 lbs of pork, value 2 s. 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William Collins 
                  Parslow
               




            .


                  CHARLES 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I am in the upholstery business. I was passing the house of Mr. William Collins Parslow, in Exmouth-street


, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, on the 3d of October - the two prisoners and another person passed and re-passed the shop - Condon took a hand of pork, which he gave to Royston, and they made off - I knew Royston very well; and when they got to the corner of the street I tried to secure him - he dropped it, and got away - I secured Condon, and took him back to the shop.


                  JAMES 
                  PARSLOW
               



            . I am the brother of William Collins Parslow, and live with him as servant - I remember this circumstance - I knew the pork to be my brother's - it had been laying in the window.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for to take the prisoner Condon - he acknowledged, at the watch-house, that he took it.
CONDON'S Defence. I saw the witness cross the road and seize some person, who dropped something, and got away - he then came to me and said I had taken the pork, which I had not.
ROYSTON'S Defence. I was assisting my partner in removing his goods - I was not out of the house at the time of the robbery.
CONDON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Confined Three Months
            .
ROYSTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
