





163. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, 1 cloak, value 2s.; 1 shawl, value 1s,; 1 apron, value 6d., and 1 pair of boots, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth Jane 
                  Hinton
               




            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  JANE HINTON
               



            . I am a widow
, and go out nursing. On the 20th of October. I lost a cloak, a pair of boots, a shawl, an apron, and a handkerchief, from where I lived, in Wellington-street, Camden-town


; I was out at the time - my mother came and told me they were gone; I had seen them safe at six o'clock that morning.


                  ELIZA 
                  HILTON
               



            . I live in Edward-place, Mary-le-bone. On the 20th of October, a pair of boots and a cloak werebrought to me by the prisoner; I pawned them in York-street, for 3s. 6d.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. What are you? A. A staymaker; I never lived in the same house with him - I have never been on intimate terms with him; I deliberately swear that; I have known him about twelve months as a mere acquaintance, and no more - he brought me these things to pawn, and said they were his mother's; I work for Mr. Wilkie, and other persons - my sister lives with me - another young woman lived with me, but she has left; I have never heard of another young man who went to the prosecutrix's house; I cannot say positively whether I ever heard it insinuated that another young man, a friend of mine, went to the prosecutrix's house; I have not heard that he was there; I pawned the things in my own name.


                  ANN 
                  SELK
               



            . I am the mother of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Jane
               



             Hinton, and lived with her in Camden-town. On the 20th of October, she went out in the morning to nurse, and I was in bed hardly sensible; the prisoner came in as a friend - I had known him before; he asked where my daughter was- I said nursing; the drawer was open, and he sat close to it, and out of it he took these things, but I did not perceive it; I saw him take hold of the cloak - I did not miss the things till he was gone.
Cross-examined. Q. You saw him take them? A. I saw them in his hand; and I saw him wrap the boots in the shawl and the cloak at the street-door; I was at that time at the window; I missed the things, and went as far as I could go, and then I went to the window, and called out"Mr. Clark, you have robbed me - come back! come back;" I had been almost insensible from a pain in my head - my sight is not very good; I did not see any other man in the house, and never saw Hilton till I came into court.


                  GEORGE 
                  KNOX
               



            . I am watch-house keeper of St. James'. I produce a shawl, an apron, and a handkerchief, which I got at Hilton's lodgings, in Edward-place; on the 21st of October, her sister went and fetched the shawl - I cannot tell from where.


                  ELIZA 
                  HILTON
               



            . This shawl was a wrapper to put the other things in; I did not take it; I only pawned the cloak and boots.


                  RICHARD 
                  PENNY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I produce the cloak and boots pawned by Hilton, on the 20th of October, in the name of Ann Hilton - not Eliza; I knew her before, but I never saw the prisoner.


                  HENRY 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a patrol. I took the prisoner, and took him to the watch-house - he did not say any thing.
Prisoner. 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Hilton
               



             means to say she has known me only twelve months, but she has known me six or seven years - I lent her money some time ago, and went to live with a female; Hilton used to come there - I then went to live with 
               
                  Ann 
                  Arnold
               



            , in Hilton's room; she frequently wanted me to do things which I would not - she wanted me to take a copper from a house where she lived- as to these things, I did not take them.


                  GEORGE 
                  KNOX
               



             re-examined. The prisoner acknowledged to me in the watch-house that he had taken the things, and was very sorry for it - he told me where they were, and I went, and got them.
- HINTON. I am the prosecutrix' eldest nephew. I heard of the prisoner taking some things, and I asked him to tell the truth; he said a boy hid himself in the place, and took the things, and when they came down he took them.
Cross-examined. Q. Did Williams hear what the prisoner said? A. Yes - he said the boy stood behind the drawers, and that he was with him, and that he took the things to Hilton's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
