






1777. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROW
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SANDERS
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of August
, I live tame rabbit, price 4s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Jeremiah 
                     Dodd
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I am an inspector of St. Luke's watch. On the 20th of August, before twelve o'clock at night, the prisoners passed me in Windmill-street- Row had something under his jacket and Sanders had a jail dress on; I followed them - they walked quickly on to Finsbury-square, and then Sauders ran away: I took Row, and asked what he had got - he said a rabbit which he had found in Hoxton; I asked where he lived - he said he had no home, but slept in Fleet-market - next morning he told me he had found it in Tabernacle-square; I found Sanders on the 28th, about three quarters of a mile from the prosecutor's.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it because Sanders had a jail dress on that you suspected him? A. No, I knew him before - Row could not run away, because I collared him.


                  CAROLINE 
                  DODD
               



            . I am the wife of Jeremiah Dodd; we live in Hoxton


. On Thursday, the 20th of August, I locked up my rabbit at nine o'clock in the evening; it was gone the next morning - four files had been taken off the roof of the shed; I knew Sanders before.
Cross-examined. Q. Where did Sanders live? A. On the same floor with me; I know the rabbit, it has a cut in one of its ears - this is it; I have fed it from its birth - we lost a pick-axe and some other things; I do not know Row.
Row's Defence. I was coming through Hoxton that Thursday evening, and saw the rabbit running across the road; the other prisoner was with me - we ran, and caught it up a gateway.
Sander's Defence. I never had a prison dress on in my life; it was a dress I had from the parish.
ROW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
SANDERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
