





125. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  KING
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of November
, 1 sovereign, the money of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Rowlands
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS ROWLANDS. I am a ship-cooper
. On the 28th of November I was going on board, and met the prisoner in Ratcliff-highway; she asked where I was going, and said I had better go with her; I did so; there was a bed in the room; she asked if I had any money; I said I had a sovereign, but no change, and, if she would take my word, I would pay in the morning, and stop with her; my sovereign was in my tobacco-pouch; I shewed it to her, and in five minutes she put her hand into my pocket; I took hold of her hand - she got out the tobacco-pouch, my spectacles, and silk handkerchief - the handkerchief fell on the floor; there was another girl in the house, who flew to her assistance; the prisoner told her to take the tobacco-pouch, and be off: the prisoner held me the while. I then got my spectacles from her by force, and called the watchman, who came and took her.
Prisoner. He gave me the sovereign to get change; I gave it to Julia Sweeney, and, as she did not come back, he said he would murder me, if I did not give him the sovereign. Witness. I never gave it her to get change; I did not ill-use her.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a watchman. I went to the house where Julia Sweeney and the prisoner live as I heard the prosecutor and prisoner calling Watch! at half-past two o'clock in the morning. I asked the prosecutor what was the matter; he said he had lost his sovereign, and that the prisoner had given it to another woman, who had run away with it. I found only 6d. on the prisoner; after she was in custody, she called to me, and confessed that she had taken it, and gave it to the other girl, who ran away.
Prisoner's Defence. He given me the sovereign, and I gave it to the other girl for change. I could not help her not coming back it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
