





1280. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of August
, a carpet, value 3 l., a and set of bed furniture, value 30 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Peck
                        



                     
                  , widow

; and six knives, value 6 d.; six forks, value 6 d., a flat iron, value 6 d.; a toasting fork, value 2 d.; and a broom, value 3 d.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hamilton
                  



               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  PECK
               



            . I am a widow, and live at No. 2, Marsham-street, Westminster. I keep a toy shop
. On the 28th of August, 
               
                  William 
                  Hamilton
               



            , my brother-in-law
, was living in my house. The prisoner came and said, he was sent from my sister's to fetch some flower-pots, a hair broom and some other articles which I gave him, with the bed furniture and carpet; he went away with them. I did not see him again till he was taken into custody; on the 27th or 28th of October; he might be in my sight about ten minutes; and when I saw him again I was quite certain of his person; I had seen him once before. My sister's name is 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Hamilton
               



            .
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When had you seen him before. - A. On the day before he had removed some articles for my sister, and I thought she had sent him for these; he took them away in my presence.


                  MARY 
                  ANN HAMILTON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Hamilton
               



            , and sister of the last witness. I did not send the prisoner on the 28th of August, for a carpet or bed furniture, nor for any article on that day, or the day before. I heard of the loss on the 28th of August.
Prisoner's Defence. I met with an old shop mate, and we had some porter, we went on towards Pimlico, and had some more liquor, and fell asleep, and do not know what became of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
