





Before Mr. Recorder.
853. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  RUDLAND
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  ASHDOWN
               




            . I am a dyer
. I live at No. 33, Brook-street, Holborn. The prisoner has been in my employ since September twelve months; he was intrusted to take out small parcels - to receive bills and give discharges - it was his custom to bring my money every day as he received it - it was sometimes entered by him, and sometimes by me, but always on the day it was received; on the 11th of January, I sent him to receive money and he called on a customer named Mrs. Barker; Maria Thacker was her servant; I have no entry of any money received from her on the 11th of January, or since that time; I am quite certain he never paid it to me, or to any other person belonging to me; I told him on Thursday, the 17th of February, that he must leave on the following Saturday; in consequence of which he did not come to me the next day; I gave him a sovereign a week, and his board, and he had had it on the Saturday before - he never called afterwards to receive what was due to him for the remaining days; he was apprehended on Friday, the 25th of February, I knew him before I took him, and had formerly lived in the same situation with him; I called on Mrs. Barker the Saturday after he left me, and found her money had been paid.


                  MARIA 
                  THACKER
               



            . I am in the employ of Mrs. Barker, No. 6, Kirby-street. The prisoner lived at Mr. Ashdown's; he called at our house on the 11th of January, and brought a bill of 1 l., 7 s., which I took to my mistress in the parlour; she gave me the money which I paid him; I do not know whether I gave him two sovereigns or not, but I am quite sure I gave him one; I took him the pen and ink, and he signed the bill while I stood by; Mr. Ashdown called afterwards, I told him I had paid his servant.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LAUNDER
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner on the 25th of February - I told him the nature of the charge as we were going along, and he said it was but little, could it not be made up? I said he had better ask the Magistrate.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
