





1777. 
               
                  
                     EDMOND 
                     TOMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of July
, 1 watch, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James John 
                     Tyler
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  JOHN TYLER
               



            . I am a working goldsmith
. On the 24th of July I lost my watch from my house, No. 6, Great Chesterfield-street. Marylebone


 - I did not miss it till the next morning, when the woman it belonged to came and asked if it was ready; I then missed it from my work-board, where I had left it - I know the prisoner by his coming two years ago, and offering me some spoons, which I did not buy.


                  MARY 
                  ANN TYLER
               



            . Between six and seven o'clock that evening the prisoner came to sell a seal - he remained about a quarter of an hour; the shop-board was open to him at the time - I left the board while he was there, but we did not miss the watch till next morning.


                  DANIEL 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Daniels, a baker, in South-street, Manchester-square. On the 1st of August the prisoner came up to me in George-street, and asked if I wanted to buy a watch - I said Yes, I was going to buy one soon; he took this watch from his pocket, put it into my hand, and said he wanted 7s. for it - I saw there was one of the hands broken, and it wanted a glass; I gave him 4s. 6d. then, and 2s. 6d. in the evening - I took it to Mr. Berquez to have it repaired.


                  FRANCIS 
                  BERQUEZ
               



            . Carter brought this watch to me on the 1st of August; it is worth 5s. or 6s.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I took the prisoner at his father's one morning - I told him I wanted him on suspicion of stealing a watch from Mr. Tyler; he denied it at first,and then said he had bought it of a gentleman's servant who was out of place, for 5s., which he had saved up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
