





1356. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HODGES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of July
, 1 coat, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Marshall
               




            .
JAMES MARSHALL. I am a clerk
 at No.29, Cornhill


. On the 5th of July this coat was hanging in the back office, on the ground floor - it is one I occasionally wear after business; I wore it the day before, and missed it on the following evening, the 5th of July. The prisoner was at work there for a carpenter
 who lives in Bush-lane; I saw it on the Monday following, in the possession of the beadle - he was then in custody. I am certain the coat is mine- it is not worth above 3s.


                  GEORGE 
                  PIPER
               



            . I am groom to Mr. Arsant. I was at work at Mr. Perry's, where Mr. Marshall lives; I heard the shopman say the coat was stolen - this was on the 5th of July, and the next morning I saw the prisoner go to a chest at Mr. Arsant's, No.4, Bush-lane, where he worked, and take out a strange coat; I asked where he got it - he said his mother sent it him from the country; I asked him to deliver it up - he said he would not, and I told Pope, the foreman. I saw Marshall claim it before the Lord Mayor.


                  HENRY 
                  POPE
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Arsant. Piper gave me information on Sunday morning; I went to the prisoner, and asked how he came by the coat which he had got on his back; he said it was from his mother in the country. I made him take it off, and give it to me; Marshall claimed it. He was taken up on Monday; he had not gone away. He was apprentice to Mr. Arsant, and had served four years.


                  THOMAS 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am a beadle, and have the coat. I took the prisoner; he said he intended to take the coat back on Sunday.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. My master sent me to the banking-house, to assist the bricklayer; I laid my own coat in the passage, and in the evening, it being dark, I took this instead of it; I went back for my own on Saturday evening, and on Sunday I was going to take this back.
JAMES MARSHALL re-examined. I heard of no strange coat being found there, and never heard of his coming for any coat.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
