





368. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     ATKINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of January
, 22 shifts, value 5 l.; 26 handkerchiefs, value 20 s.; two pinafores, value 2 s.; two pair of stockings, value 4 s.; 11 towels, value 5 s.; one tea-caddy, value 30 s,; five cups, value 5 s.; six saucers, value 5 s.; one bason, value 1 s.; one knife, value 5 s., and one fork, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Murray
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
, in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MURRAY
               



            , ESQ. I live in Bryanston-square


. The prisoner was in my service at ladies' maid; she came on the 15th of April, and left on the 10th of August, at Bologne, and came to England. I went over to Paris, and returned to England with my family. On the 20th of January, in consequence of information which was given us by a servant, that articles were missed, I got a search-warrant, went to Carburton-street, with Plank, the officer, and found the prisoner there; and in the room she was in I found the articles stated in the indictment, which aremine. None of them were at Bologne - they were at my house.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



            . I am an officer. I went with Mr. Murray to the prisoner's lodging, which was a shop and parlour - she was in the parlour. I asked her if both belonged to her - she said Yes. She acknowledged having lived with Mr. Murray. I asked her if she had any property on the premises which was not her own, and if she had to give it up - she still denied it. I said Mr. Murray suspected her, and I had a warrant to search her - there were five trunks in the parlour. She delivered me the keys upon my asking for them. I found this property - Mr. Murray came in while I was searching her, and recognized it, She said she had great part of the property from a lady named Morland, whom she formerly lived with.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. No one article was worth 40 s - A. No.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JANE 
                  FITCH
               



            . I lived with Mr. Murray, and had charge of the house in his absence. I had suspicion of property being taken away, and saw some curtains of my master's at the prisoner's lodgings.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
Of Stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
