





1311. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     BROOKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of August
, three sovereigns, one half sovereign, three half crowns, a shilling, and a sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Robert James 
                           Matthews
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .



                  ROBERT 
                  JAMES MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a mariner
, and live at No. 4. Adam street, Rotherhithe. I had three sovereigns, and a half sovereign, three half crowns, a shilling and sixpence loose in my breeches pocket. On the 7th of August I saw the prisoner in Whitechapel, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon; I was perfectly sober, she invited me to walk with her. I went with her to George-yard


, she went to the first house, and they told her to go to her own room, which she did, it was up one pair of stairs. I said about twenty minutes, and gave her one shilling, which was all she desired - I then felt her hand in my pocket, and heard the money chink; I laid hold of her hand, and she sung out, and twelve or thirteen women came into the room; one took up the poker; another said her father was coming up, and said
"Are you going to murder the girl;" some seized hold of me and dragged the prisoner from me - she then dropped a sovereign, which I saw another pick up; they then all got away, and I followed them down stairs; they ran out and shut the door, and one who remained bolted it; I got into the parlour and got out at the window - this was on a Saturday. I saw the prisoner again on Tuesday; I went with the officer in search of her, and am quite certain of her person. I lost all but the shilling I had given her.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutor gave me this information on Saturday; he was quite sober. I thought I knew the person, and said if he came in a few days, I should be able to find her. On the 11th of August, he and I found her with two others; he pointed her out at a distance.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the man till I was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
