







476. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     TWINE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     GRIFFIN
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     NORMAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of January
, one box, value 18 d.; one pair of scissars, value 1 s.; one necklace, value 1 d., and one ear-ring, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mark 
                     Dawson
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  DAWSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Mark 
                  Dawson
               



             - we live in Queen-street. On the 9th of January, I took my work-box to my mother's in Chapel-street, Edgware-road


. I went out between three and four o'clock, and on returning my box was gone from the side of the fire. Next morning Norman came to my lodgings, and said they took the box and sold it to Clendon.


                  HANNAH 
                  CLENDON
               



            . I live in Homer-street, New-road, and sell thread, tapes, and things. The prisoners Twine and Norman, came and asked me to buy a box; she said, they were in distress, and wanted 1 s. for it. I said I had not got one - they said they would leave it till to-morrow; I said, they had better sell it. I gave them 6 d. and said, they should have the rest in the morning. I found a pair of scissars in it after they left. Next morning they came for the money - I said, they had better take the box back and not bother me; they said, they wanted money for breakfast - I gave them 3 d., and they bought 3 d. worth of things, and said their sister gave them the box.
THOMAS STEVENS. I am an officer. I took the prisoners in charge, and found the beads round Twine's neck.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
JOHN DAWSON. I am the prosecutrix'e father. The prisoners all three came into the house, and asked for some coffee, which my wife sells to the working people. A parcel of boys came after them, and I ordered them out. Norman and Twine were near the fire-place - she said her petticoats were untied. Norman afterwards surrendered herself and said, they took the box to an old iron shop and got a key to it for 2 d., and sold it to Clendon. I went to her - she said, she had not seen the girls, or the box.
TWINE's Defence. I left the other prisoners and went home, and afterwards met Norman with the box.
GRIFFIN'S Defence. Twine stole it - she has not told the truth.
NORMAN's Defence. I did not know that Twine had it till we came out.
TWINE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GRIFFIN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
NORMAN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
