





664. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  BARRELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of January
, 73 books, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Tucker
               




            .
WILLIAM TUCKER. I am a schoolmaster
, and live in Thurlow-place, Hackney-road


. My school room is at the bottom of my garden, detached from my house; I missed some books from there on the 24th of January - I have found seventy-three of them, but I lost more.


                  LEWIS 
                  MYERSON
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutor applied to me, and I went to Garrard's, where I found about thirty books; and then to Davies', where I found forty more.


                  JOHN 
                  GARRARD
               



            . I am a general salesman, and deal in clothes and other things - I live at No. 10, Hackney-road. I bought these books of Mr. Cohen, in the Kingsland-road; about twelve or one o'clock on the day stated.


                  LEWIS 
                  COHEN
               



            . I live at No. 196, Kingsland-road - I keep a clothes shop, and deal in every thing - it is not what they call a marine-store shop. I sold these books to Garrard on the 24th of January - I bought them of the prisoner the same day for 8s., and sold them for 12s.; I think there were thirty of them: the prisoner called first, and asked if I would buy them - I told him to call in an hour; I knew him before, he has bought shoes and other things of me; I then went to Garrard's, and asked if he would buy them - he said, Yes; I then bought them, and took them to him: I did not ask the prisoner where he got them - he said he was a carpenter; I did not think it odd that he should have thirty books for sale - I do not in general sell books; I had not seen them at the time - I went to Garrard's, and asked him if he would buy them of me, if I bought them of a man: the prisoner told me they were only school books, but I did not know of what description, and could not describe them; 8s. is not very cheap - some of them are no more than waste paper - nothing had been said about the price I was to give for them, before I went to Garrard; I then went and asked if he would buy them.



                  JAMES 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a headborough. I have some of the books which were taken at Garrard's.
MR. TUCKER. The whole of these books are my property.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Have not your boys the care of their own books? A. They have while they are at school; but when they are not I consider them as under my care.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
