





Before Mr. Justice Gazelee.
514. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  STEERS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        John 
                        Bailey
                     




                  , in the King's highway, on the 8th of January
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 hat, value 2s.
            , his property.
JOHN BAILEY. On the 8th of January, about seven o'clock in the evening, I started from London, and arrived at Isleworth-corner


, about half-past ten, or a few minutes later; I rested myself on a hand-post there, being much fatigued; I saw four men and a woman coming towards me; the prisoner made the fourth man - the woman was in conversation with them: Wyeth separated from the rest, rushed forward, and struck me a terrible blow in the mouth, the effects of which I feel at this time; he snatched my bag which contained a new hat and hand-box, and went away with the woman and two of the men; the prisoner was with the four - he instantly stepped up under colour to aid me; he asked which way did they run; I spoke as well as I could, and pointed; he snatched my hat off my head, and took the same direction as the others - I swear I was sober - it was a clear night, but no moon was up; I positively swear he is the man - I saw him again on the Monday following before the Magistrate, and swore to him; I went to some houses, but they would not receive me; I went to Chapman, who sent me to the turnpike.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. I think you said these people overtook you? A. They followed me - I arrived at the post before them, and was resting on it, with my face turned towards them - my face was turned to the way I had come from, and I saw them coming up; the prisoner was within ten yards of me when Wyeth attacked me- Wyeth came forward, and left all the rest.
Q. After he had quite left you, the prisoner came up? A. Instantly: Wyeth followed the other two and the woman, and the prisoner came up instantly, as if he intended to assist me - he snatched my hat, and took the same direction as the rest; he did nothing else.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I am an officer, and conveyed Wyeth and the prisoner to prison; as they were going along, Steers said to Wyeth, "This fellow has sworn false, and if he swears up yonder (meaning here), he will top us- he said this b - l - y foolish thing - "Prisoner's Defence. I am brought here to be sold by Mr. Cook; he is bribed to do it.
GUILTY. Aged 25.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
