





2056. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     LYONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of October
, 6 knives, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Saunders
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I am a watchmaker
, and keep a shop in Whitechapel-road


. On the 6th of October, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I was standin the parlour, and saw the prisoner with his hand in a little glass-case in the shop - he took out six knives; he came in from the street - I did not know him before; I ran to the door - he was taken by an officer, and brought back; the tray was deficient of six knives.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Will you take upon yourself to swear the prisoner's arm was in the glass-case? A. Yes; I was six or eight feet from the place -I saw the prisoner in the shop, and he had his arms in the glass-case; he saw me, drew his arm back, and ran away - the prisoner is the person who took the knives - there were only this half dozen pen-knives; they were in the glass the night before, and the shop had not been opened, only the door - they were dropped at my door, and brought into my shop immediately; I never said the arm I saw in the glass-case I thought was my son's - I said I thought my son was in the shop, as I had just opened my street door, and then went into the parlour; at first I thought it was my son, but when I went to the door I saw she prisoner running - I was as quick in getting to the door as he was; it is a wide road.


                  ROBERT 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I was in Whitechapel-road on the 6th of October, early in the morning; I saw the prisoner running, and some persons after him - I saw Mr. Thompson stop him; I saw some knives in the road a minute or two after I saw the prisoner in the - they were place over which he had run - I did not take them up till he was stopped.
Cross-examined. Q. Were there a great many people? A. No, only one or two running after him - he did not turn any corners.


                  ANTHONY 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I saw the prisoner running, and secured him eighty or a hundred yards from the shop - he turned no corner; the knives were brought into the shop.
Prisoner's Defence. My master sent me to a marine-store shop in the Dog-row, and told me to make haste - I was running, the witness came, and took hold of me; Mr. Thompson took me back, and began searching me - he asked the prosecutor if he had lost any thing; he saidNo, and asked his son where the two gold watches were - he said up stairs; a person brought in the knives, and then I was taken to the watch-house - the prosecutor there said he saw some person in his shop, and he thought it was his son exposing goods for sale; the Magistrate asked him if he saw me take the knives - he said No, but he saw my arm in the window; I asked him why he did not attack me at the moment - he said he thought it was his son; I asked him again, and he said he did not want to be asked any questions by me - the Magistrate said I must tell a Jury that story.


                  ANTHONY 
                  THOPSON
               



             re-examined. I believe he saw two persons in his shop and one ran one way and the other the other, and he thought one was his son - he first asked if the gold watches were safe; he did not then say any thing about his son.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAUNDERS
               



             re-examined. Q. How long was it from first to last? A. I suppose not three minutes.
Cross-examined. Q. Were your shutters up? A. Yes, but the door was open, and it was sufficiently light for me to see the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
