





1759. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     EASTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of August
, 1 box, value 4s.; 7 gowns, value 38s.; 3 pairs of stays, value 12s.; 1 veil, value 3s.; 2 caps, value 5s.; 2 petticoats, value 3s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 1 shawl, value 2s.; 1 pair of boots, value 3s.; 1 tea-caddy, value 3s.; 3 aprons, value 2s.; 4 collars, value 4s., and 1 pocket-book, value 2d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Caroline 
                     Stokes
                  




               
            .


                  CAROLINE 
                  STOKES
               



            . I am single
, and live in Wilde-court, Lincoln's-inn-fields. On the 27th of August I was leaving my situation at the George and Blue-boar, public-house, in Holborn - I took one large box away in a hackney-coach, and forgot to take another large box, whichcontained the property in question - when we got to Wilde-court, the coachman took that one box up stairs with me; and then I came down to look for the other, but it was not there; the coachman said there had been but one box put in - I then went back to the inn and my box was gone; there was a man with the coachman - but I do not know who he was.


                  ELIZA 
                  DWELLY
               



            . I am bar-maid at the George and Blue Boar. I saw the prosecutrix go away; she went from the back door, and the prisoner took the luggage out of the house. He took a large box and some other trifling things - in a short time she returned, and asked if she had not left a box there - I said she had, but the man who took the first box out, had come back and taken it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a porter at the George and Blue Boar. I recollect bringing two trunks down stairs - a man took the first one away; I then brought down the other, and the same man took that; but I do not know who he was.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FAGAR
               



            . I am an officer. On the 30th of August the prosecutrix gave me information, and from the description I received from Dwelly, I took the prisoner on the 5th of September. I afterwards discovered where a young woman lived who cohabited with the prisoner - I went to her lodging, and there got a duplicate from a box of a gown and pair of stays; I then found three gowns and some other articles, at two other pawnbrokers - I found no duplicates of them, but the young woman pointed out where they were.


                  MARY 
                  JONES
               



            . I live at Poole's-place. The prisoner lived with me about two months ago; he gave me these articles, and said he had found them - I pawned them.


                  DANIEL 
                  STEPTOE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker - I took in some of these articles from Jones.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I cannot say what day of the month it was; but on the same evening the prosecutrix says she lost the things, I was at Islington on business, and staid there till between one and two o'clock in the morning - I was coming along between Exmouth-street, half asleep and half awake, and I kicked against a bundle tied in a handkerchief - I took it home, and in the evening I met this young woman, and asked her to pawn them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
