





1225. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BELFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 24th of June
, a pocket-book, value 6 d.; a purse value 1 s., and two sovereigns and five shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Cansdale
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CANSDALE
               



            . I live on Swan-terrace, Great Dover-road, and am collecting-clerk
 at a brewery. On Tuesday, the 24th of June, between nine and ten o'clock in the evening. I was sober. I was at the fire in Red Lion-street, Holborn


. There was a great crowd. I got into the midst of it, and was endeavouring to make my way out. My pocket-book was in my left inside coat pocket, and my purse containing two sovereigns and five shillings in my left side breeches pocket. My coat was buttoned, and my breeches pocket also. They were safe when I entered the crowd. There was a general rush among the crowd; and immediately as I got out of the crowd, I found both my pockets had been robbed. I gave information at the different offices, and found the prisoner in custody on the Saturday following, at Marlborough-street, and mypocket-book produced, containing letters and memorandums directed to me.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JOHN GATES
               



            . I am patrol of St. Giles's. On the night of this fire, between ten and eleven o'clock, I was on duty in George-street with Riley, and the prisoner crossed the street, coming down Stacey-street, in a direction from the fire. I stopped him, and asked what he had under his coat. He said he had nothing there. I put my hand to his side, and found this pocket-book full of papers. He said it was his own, and contained a few letters from his friends. I asked what they were about. He said he did not choose to tell. I found nothing else upon him. The direction on the letters led me to the prosecutor.


                  PHILIP 
                  RILEY
               



            . I was with Gates. His statement is correct. When I took him to the watch-house, he persisted that it was his own property, and after questioning him, I asked where he found it. He then said he found it at the end of Plumtree-street, between Charlotte and Streatham-streets.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
