





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1038. 
               
                  ANN 
                  COPELAND
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of April
, 1 watch, value 30s.; 2 seals, value 10s.; 1 ring, value 2s.; 1 watch-key, value 4s.; 1 cross, value 4s., and 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Miller
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN MILLER. I am a seaman
. I met the prisoner on the 8th of April, a little after two o'clock in the morning, in Ratcliff-highway. I had been out with a friend, but was quite sober; the prisoner was sitting down in the street; she accosted me, and asked me to go with her- we went to No. 4, Angel-gardens


; we went into a room; I asked her if she had any key, that I might lock the door - she produced one which would lock it outside, but not inside; we went to bed with the door latched; I was in bed about three hours - when I awoke she was gone: I went to my clothes, and missed my watch and 10s. in silver; my watch had been in my fob, and the silver in the left pocket of my trousers, which were in the chair at the foot of the bed - I am sure they were safe when I went to bed; I went down to the door, and saw a watchman - I asked him what place it was, and told him what I had lost. I saw the prisoner in custody in the afternoon; my ribbon and ring were found on her person.


                  HENRY 
                  WADE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. This watch was brought into our shop by the prisoner and another woman, to be pawned, and I stopped it; the prisoner said the person it belonged to was in a public-house; she went for him, and was taken.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BLABY
               



            . I am an officer, and took the prisoner on the 8th of April; I found this ribbon and ring on her.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He told me he had no money but some copper, and I saw none.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
