





869. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOLMES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of March
, 3 bushels of potatoes, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jeffery 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  ROBERT 
                  PARKER
               



            . I was to have had twenty-eight sacks of potatoes brought by the prisoner's cart from Tooley-street, on the 6th of March - I did not see them in the cart so as to notice the number; when the prisoner came to my door there were but twenty-seven sacks in the cart- I said, "You have been making away with one sack;" he said he knew nothing about it, but he supposed if he had lost one, he should have to make it good; I ordered my man to get my horse - I went over the water, and brought the salesman and his clerk; when I returned there were twenty-eight sacks in the cart, but I had taken away the empty sack before I went.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you see the cart loaded? A. No; I saw it when it was loaded, but did not count the sacks - he brought a book with the potatoes; I cannot tell who loaded it - I was in the ship at the time it was loaded; I saw the prisoner starting with the cart full - twenty-four is the usual number for a cart to carry; it was overloaded - I think the sacks were not fastened with any ropes; I should think one could not have fallen off, for they can load thirty-two sacks in a cart: I suppose the distance is a mile and a half over the stones.


                  JOHN 
                  COSBUR
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Jeffery Smith. There were twenty-eight sacks of potatoes put into the prisoner's cart.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see them loaded? A. No, but I counted them when he went out of the wharf; I did not get into the cart, but I could tell if I were blindfolded pretty near - some of them did partly conceal others, but not entirely.


                  GEORGE 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a servant to Mr. Adams, a butcher. I saw the prisoner with a cart, near my master's shop, in Shoreditch


, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening; I saw him at the off-side of the cart, with a sack of potatoes on his shoulder - he tried to put it on, but he could not, and he put them down, and beckoned to two respectable men to give him a lift, but they would not - he then beckoned to two bricklayer's labourers, and they lifted it on the wheel; he got into the cart, put it in, and then went on towards Mr. Parker's.
Cross-examined. Q. How far was this from Mr. Parker's? A. Not more than half a dozen doors - it was before he got to Mr. Parker's; the cart did not go on, but he went in - whether it fell off or not I cannot tell; the cart seemed to he pretty full.
COURT. Q. Was the sack tied? A. I did not notice that.

Prisoner's Defence. There were twenty-eight sacks when I got to Mr. Parker's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
