





1863. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  KENT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of October
, 5 gowns, value 2l.; 1 shawl, value 3s.; 2 shifts, value 5s.; 2 aprons, value 1s. 6d., 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 bed-gown, value 1s. 6d; 1 petticoat, value 2s., and 2 handkerchiefs, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Austin
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  MARIA 
                  AUSTIN
               



            . I am the wife of William Austin - we live in Devonshire-street, Lisson-grove


 - the prisoner lodged at our house - I have known him from a child; he is a bricklayer
, and worked for my husband, but did not board with us. On the 23d of October, I lost this property from two boxes in the second floor room, where he slept alone; they were not locked - I told him I had a loss, and accused him of it - he denied it for some time; I persevered in accusing him, saying, I was certain he must have them, but did not threaten or promise him - I asked him for the duplicates - he said he had pawned some of the property, and sold the rest; I have no doubt but he took them at different times; I had not seen them for a month.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS PEARCE
               



            . I am a bricklayer. I pawned a gown for the prisoner last Saturday week, at Flint's, in the Edgware-road, in the name of Mills; he told me not to pawn it in his own name - I did not suspect anything.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BARREN
               



            . I have a whittle and gown, which the prisoner pawned on the 23d, and a gown, pawned by pearce on the 21st.


                  JOHN 
                  HEATH
               



            . I am a constable. I found a duplicate on the prisoner, which led me to Flint's.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Pearce was the occasion of it - he knew where I got them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
