





228. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WALKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December
, 1 jacket, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Simonds
                  




               
            .
JOHN SIMONDS. I am a seaman
. On the 1st of December I came on shore from my ship, at five o'clock at night- I left my jacket and other things in my hammock; I employed a man to go for them, and he employed the prisoner - they were brought to King James-stairs, by the man; I did not see the prisoner then - I saw the hammock was undone, and I said to the waterman, "Something is amiss - you had better go back;" he put back, and we told the officer of it - the officer took the prisoner, and the duplicate was found on him.


                  RALPH 
                  LANCASTER
               



            . I was employed to go on board the Peggy, and get the hammock - the prisoner (whom I have known from a child) went with me to Greenwich; we could not get up, and we went on shore at Deptford -I gave him some grub; I then went to the Peggy, and the mate gave me the things - I brought them to King James-stairs, and saw the prosecutor; I left the prisoner in the boat - he then came on shore: I said to him, "I promised you 6d., and I will give you something more," but he was very shy, as he had helped himself - the prosecutor and I then went into the boat; he saw the hammock was undone, and said, "Avast here. Ralph, shove back - my hammock has been unlashed;" we put back, but I could not find the prisoner - we told Mr. Wilson, who found him.
Prisoner. Q. Was I not on the stair-head when you put off? A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a patrol. I took the prisoner on the night of the 1st of December, in the White Hart public-house; I told him I wanted him for stealing a sailor's jacket - he said he had had no jacket, and knew nothing of it; he said, "I will go down with you to Lancaster," and in Farmer-street he tried to get away, but he fell down, and I took him to the watch-house - I found this duplicate on him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CANE NOOK
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I gave this duplicate for this jacket; it was pawned on the 1st of December, between six and seven o'clock at night, but not by the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The duplicate was given to me, and that is all I know; the person said, "You have got a very poor jacket on your back - I have been pawning one for 3s.; here is the duplicate."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
