






759. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BERRY
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  CARR
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, an apron, value 1 s.; a gown, value 6 s.; a table cloth, value 2 s.; two shifts, value 4 s.; a bed-gown, value 1 s., and a pinafore, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Holder
                     



                  , and an apron, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Burford
               



            .


                  SARAH 
                  HOLDER
               



            . I am the wife of Edward Holder, and live in Sun-place, Limehouse


. I lost these articles in the early part of March - they were drying in the back garden; Sarah Burford's apron was taken at the same time - the garden is surrounded by walls six feet high - I had seen the things all safe about six in the evening, and missed them before nine o'clock; the prisoners are strangers to me; I saw the articles next day in the possession of the officer.
SARAH BURFORD. I am servant
 to Mr. Holder. I had an apron hanging in the yard with the other things - I had seen them safe at eight o'clock, and missed them at half-past eight; I had not seen either of the prisoners.


                  RICHARD 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am an officer of the Thames Police. I apprehended the prisoners in Cable-street, about three-quarters of a mile from Mr. Holder's, about half-past eight o'clock; Carr had a bundle under his arm - Berry was just a-head of him; I asked Carr what he had carrying - he said clothes; I asked where he got them - he said it belonged to the lad a-head of him; my brother officer Fogg took Berry - Carr said then they were hired by a man to carry it for sixpence - Berry told the same story.
Prisoner CARR. I told him the gentleman was gone on a-head. Witness. No, he said a gentleman had given them to him in the Commercial-road, but he did not say where he was to take them to.


                  JAMES 
                  FOGG
               



            . I am a constable. Carter's statement is correct. When I took Berry I asked if the clothes belonged to him - he said
"No, to Carr's mother;" when we took them to a public-house, he said a man hired them near the Commercial Tap, and they were to have 3 d. a-piece for carrying it - they were then hand-cuffed together; he said, he did not know the gentleman nor where they were to take them - he tried to get away.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BERRY'S Defence. I never said the things belonged to Carr's mother - it is all false.
CARR'S Defence. I told him the gentleman was gone on a-head.
BERRY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
CARR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
