





1877. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  CONSTANTINE
               



             was indicted for 


               wilful and corrupt perjury
            , on the trial of 
               
                  Mary Ann 
                  Williams
               




            .


                  EDWARD 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am surgeon. I prosecuted Mary Ann Williams here for stealing a gold watch and seals - the prisoner swore positively to her at the office (a record of the trial and acquittal of Mary Ann Williams, was here put in and read).


                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am clerk to the Magistrates, at Lambeth-street office. On the 20th of October the prisoner was examined on a charge against Mary Ann Williams - I took down his own words as near as possible - I saw him sworn, and saw him sign this deposition (read).
ROBERT CONSTANTINE. I belong to the 1st Regiment of Guards
 - I have been acquainted with Mary Ann Williams about eight months. On the 4th of October, she came to me, and said she had bought two watch-seals and a key for me - the corporal stood by, and I did not speak to her - she threw them down - I picked them up, and showed them to the man.


                  DAVID 
                  LING
               



            . I am in the 1st Regiment of Guards; the prisoner was a grenadier in the same regiment; I have known him four years, and have known Williams, who was tried here, seven or eight months - I have seen the prisoner and her together frequently - they kept company - she used to visit him when he was on guard, and at the barracks - I have taken messages from him to her at different times.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 3d of October I received information of this robbery - I went to the barracks on the 7th and saw the prisoner - I found the seals upon him - I had him detained at the barracks - he said he got them from a young woman, named Mary Ann Pemberton, or Williams, I am not certain which, when he was on guard; and that she lived at No. 10, Blue Anchor-yard, Whitechapel, and he had known her seven or eight months - I saw him sworn before the Magistrate, and his deposition was read over to him - he signed it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a serjeant of the regiment - I heard the prisoner swear at the office that he had known Williams eight months.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am a short-hand writer, and take notes for Mr. Buckler, in the New Court. On Friday evening last, the defendant was examined on the trial of Mary Ann Williams - I took down correctly in short-hand what he said (reads)."I am in the 1st regiment of Guards - I do not know the prisoner. - Court. Q. Look at her? A. I do not know her. - Court. Q. You knew her before the Magistrate - you had known her for eight months then? A. I do not know her. - Court. Q. Is the signature to this deposition your hand-writing? A. No. - Q. Do you mean to state that on your oath? A. Yes; it is not my hand-writing. - Q. Were you before the Magistrate? A. Yes. - Q. Is your name Robert Constantine? A. Yes. - Are you in the 1st regiment of Guards? A. Yes."



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
