






689. 
               
                  MARY 
                  SULLIVAN
               




             and 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  CONNER
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, a gown, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Taylor
               




            .


                  MARGARET 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am the wife of William Taylor On the 17th of March the two prisoners lodged in the first floor front room of a house in Jones-court, St. Giles's


 - I lodge in the second floor back room. About eight o'clock that morning I went out, and left my door on the latch - I left a gown across a line in the room; I returned in about a quarter of an hour, and saw Sullivan on the stairs, between my room and her's, with my gown under her arm; I said it was mine - she said it was not - I went to my room, and found the door open. I fetched a constable, and had her taken.
Prisoner SULLIVAN. When she charged me with the robbery the gown was out of the house - she brought a constable, and then said she could not swear I had the gown, and he would not take charge of me; she then got another constable, and he took me. Witness. She got out of the house before I got a constable, and it was pawned then.


                  THOMAS 
                  CREED
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. This gown was pawned with me, by Conner, on the 17th of March, about half-past nine o'clock in the morning, in the name of Smith.


                  JOHN 
                  HARDMAN
               



            . I am a constable. I went to the house, and took three persons into custody - they were remanded till I could bring the pawnbroker forward, and then one of them, named Smith, was discharged; Sullivan was charged with taking the gown - she said it was Ann Smith took it, and they had divided the money - she gave me 1 s. 4 d., which was her share of it.
SULLIVAN'S Defence. The constable was in the room when Smith owned that she took the gown. I did not take it.
CONNER'S Defence. I did not know the gown was stolen, but this young woman asked me to take it to pawn for her.
SULLIVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CONNER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
