





531. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of February
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 ring, value 2s.; 1 ribbon, value 2d., and 72 tooth-brushes, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Barnes
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Barnes
               



            , and live in Little North-street, Portland-green, Lisson-grove


 - he is a brush-maker
; the prisoner was employed as his journeyman
, and worked there three days. I missed this watch on Saturday, the 5th of February, from a nail in the shop-window; the shop is a room behind the parlour - I saw it there at twenty minutes past twelve o'clock, and missed it about a quarter before two; the prisoner had left work about eleven o'clock, and returned about half-past one - he then staid there about a quarter of an hour; I thought he had come to work for the day - I do not know why he went away; I went to the office when I missed the watch, and on returning about half-past four o'clock, I missed half a gross of bone tooth-brushes, worth 5s. 6d. a dozen - I had seen them on the bench in the shop that morning; nobody but the prisoner had been in the shop or gone out from eleven o'clock till twelve, for I was at home all that time.


                  GEORGE 
                  MELLISH GRAHAM
               



            . I live with Mr. Baylis, a pawnbroker, in Hampstead-road. The prisoner pawned this silver watch, seal, and key on the 5th of February, between two and three o'clock - he wanted 2l. for it, and said he had pawned it before for 2l.: I offered him 37s., which he took, and gave his name 
               
                  John 
                  Burnett
               



            , No. 35, Middlesex-street, Somers-town - it was worth together about 3l. 10s.; he said it was his own.


                  EVELINA 
                  WALKER
               



            . I live in Bath-place, New-road, and am a perfumer. The prisoner came on the 5th of February, about two o'clock, and offered six dozen tooth-brushes for sale - I told him my husband was out, and I never bought goods myself; he asked 4s. 6d. a dozen - he asked what time my husband would be in; I said it was uncertain - he then said he would leave them till next morning; when he called between ten and eleven o'clock - the prosecutor and officer had called before ten, and I produced them - while he was in the shop they came and took him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOOKER
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I produce the duplicate of a silver watch, and a pair of silver buckles, pawned for 1s., and 1l. 9s. 8d. in money, which I took from the prisoner's fob; I told him I took him on suspicion of stealing the watch and tooth-brushes - he said nothing; I was feeling for his trousers pockets, and he said he had no pockets there - I found they were torn out.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I leave my case in your Lordship's hands.
GUILTY. Aged 22.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Before Mr. Justice Gazelee.
