






1720. 
               
                  TIMOTHY 
                  MALONEY
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of the Rev.


                        Thomas 
                        Hatch
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THE REV. THOMAS HATCH. I had been out to dinner on Friday, the 11th of July, and was going up Regent-street


, at half-past eleven, or a quarter before twelve o'clock at night; a female came up to me, and asked me a few questions; soon afterwards a person came up to me, and said, "I don't know whether you are aware of it, but those boys have got your handkerchief:" I looked, and saw the two prisoners, ten or twelve yards before me, preparing to cross the street; I ran after them - they went down a street; I called Stop thief! they went down another street, and got to Old Burlington-street - I lost sight of them there, but in a few moments I saw them in custody of a watchman; we went to the watch-house, and they were searched, but nothing was found on them - in a few minutes a female came in with another watchman, and the handkerchief was placed in my hands.
Prisoner JONES. When the watchman had hold of us, you said I had your handkerchief. Witness. I said one of you had it.


                  ELEANOR 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I was coming from the English Opera, and must acknowledge I did speak to the prosecutor; I had not been speaking to him above three minutes, when a person told him his pocket had been picked; I turned, and saw Maloney with a handkerchief in his hand, in the act of giving it to Jones - they were then about a yard from the gentleman, but seeing me look at them, the handkerchief was dropped between them; they crossed the road, and I took up the handkerchief, and sought for the owner - I spoke to a watchman, who took me to the watch-house, and there I found the prosecutor and the two prisoners.
Prisoner JONES. She said she was along with the gentleman arm-in-arm. Witness. No, I had not hold of his arm.


                  JOHN 
                  HEATHER
               



            . I am a watchman. At twelve o'clock that night I was in Old Burlington-street; I heard the cry of Stop thief! I went to the end of the street, and saw the two prisoners; I pursued, and took Jones first; Maloney came up to know what was the matter - I took hold of him; the prosecutor came up, and we took them to the watch-house; Edwards came in with the handkerchief.


                  SAMUEL 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw Edwards in Saville-row; she gave me this handkerchief - I took her to the watch-house.(Property produced and sworn to.)
MALONEY'S Defence. I had been up Regent-street, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I saw the watchman take hold of this boy - I asked what was the matter, and he took me.
JONES' Defence. I had been to the play with my sister - I went home with her, and was then going home; the watchman took hold of me - the gentleman came up, and said "He has got my handkerchief, mind he don't drop it."
MALONEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
