





331. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RYAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of February
, one watch, value 5 l.; one seal, value 10 s., and two keys, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Walter 
                           Cobham
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WALTER COBHAM. I am a servant out of employ. On the 4th of February, about twenty minutes after nine o'clock at night, my silver watch was in my fob, with a seal, two keys, and a ribbon. I was going home, along Cow-lane


, I was quite sober; on turning the corner, about the middle of the lane, a man came on my right hand, and struck me a violent blow on the stomach, which made me reel, and in a second I missed my watch, which was safe before he struck me - that was not the prisoner, but the prisoner was close to me, and ran off immediately after the man who struck me ran; he did not cry out after the man, but kept running down the lane before me, to prevent my following the man who struck me, and kept jogging across the gutter, and immediately as I lost sight of that man, the prisoner stopped. Nobody else was near me; I seized him, without losing sight of him, the watch has not been found, it cost nine guineas.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Did you cry Stop thief! as soon as you missed your watch - A. Not half a minute after I received the blow the thief ran by me, and then the prisoner ran too - I do not believe he was pursuing the thief; he said he had no objection to my sending for an officer, and stopped quietly with me for a quarter ofan hour till one came. I held him all the while, he gave different accounts of himself.
COURT. Q. Did the prisoner attempt to stop the man when he started - A. No; but kept running across me, right and left, to prevent my getting up to the man, and that made me take him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHUTER
               



            . I am a constable. I took charge of the prisoner between nine and ten o'clock, and took him to the watch-house. I asked where he had been that evening, he said to one Williams, in Fetter-lane, for some shoemaker's lasts; that he lived in French-alley, Goswell-street, and worked at a large tobacconists in the Minories, for three years, up to the present time. I was taking him to Fetter-lane, he said it was no use to take him, I had better take him to the Compter - I however, took him to the place he described, and enquired, in his hearing, but no such person as Williams was to be found. I then took him to the Minories, and on going along, he said, he had not worked there for eighteen months - I found nobody to give me an answer; he then said he got his living by going into the country with cheese and fruit.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
