





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
368. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     OLDFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Warner
                        




                     
                  , on the King's-highway, on the 14th of February
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a bag, value 1 d., and a shilling
            , his property.


                  JOHN 
                  WARNER
               



            . On the 14th of February, between ten and eleven o'clock at night, I left my work, at an iron foundry, and was going home, and in Golden-lane, near Old-street-road


, I passed the prisoner; she hit me on my left side, and knocked my hat off - several people were passing. I stooped down to pick it up, and she thrust her hand into my waistcoat pocket, and took out a little canvass bag with a shilling in it; I immediately seized her - she fastened her teeth into my hand. I called the watchman, who forced the bag out of her hand with the shilling in it.
Prisoner. Q. Were you not tipsy - A. I had two pints of beer that day, and was perfectly sober. I drank nothing with her, nor took any liberties with her.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw Warner as I was calling twelve o'clock; he was quite sober. There was a great noise - I saw his hat off, he said, this women has robbed me - he was trying to get the bag out of her hand; he took it out, and gave it me. When I saw her I said,
"It is you Miss Oldfield is it, you must come with me." She was very impudent, and in liquor.


                  THOMAS 
                  BACON
               



            . I am a watchman. Williamson's account is correct.
(Purse produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met him about eleven o'clock, very tipsy; he would kiss, me, and in so doing his hat fell off. We went into the Queen's Head, public-house, and had a glass each; he began to be very sick, and said he would go home with me all night - I said he should not, he said if I did not give him a lodging, he would give me one. The watchman came up, and he had the purse in his hand all the while.
GUILTY. Aged 34.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
