





1271. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BULL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of May
, four sacks, value 10 s., and sixteen bushels of beans, value 3 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Ennos
                  




               
            .


                  ISAAC 
                  ENNOS
               



            . I am a miller
 and corn-dealer
, and live at Wilsden. On the 19th of May, 1820, a man who I believe to be the prisoner (but had rather not swear to him) came and asked how I sold beans, I said, 34 s. a quarter - he offered 33 s., and told me to send them to-morrow, or it would not do - I sent my man with them to No. 98, Chapel-street, Marylebone 


- I did not see the prisoner afterwards, he was to send the money back by the man, on delivery - I did no mean to part with them without the money; I gave the carter a receipt - he said he lived at No. 40, there is no such number. He bought them for himself, and said his name was Wilson, Chapel-street.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am carman to Mr. Ennos. The prisoner met me at the corner of Bell-street, and asked if I had any corn for him, I said, I had some for somebody, and shewed him the bill - he said, "It is for me, we will take them to the shoemaker's shop below, and pitch one quarter at the door, and take the other up stairs" - I pitched both quarters at the door; he asked if I had any bran, I said No; he said he would get the money and sacks ready by when I returned - I went down the wharf, returned and he was gone, sacks and all - I did not intend to leave them without the money - I am sure he is the man.
Prisoner. Q. When I met you, did you not say they were for me - A. No; I shewed you the bill, you said, "That is right."


                  ANN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . The man brought the beans and pitched them at my door, and said he would fetch the cart and horse to take them away; he brought a strange cart and horse and took them away - he did not live at my house - he came three weeks before to take a room which I had to let; another man took them away.


                  JOHN 
                  TUNKS
               



            . I carted the beans from Davis's house to Tottenham-court-road for the prisoner, he is the man; he never paid me, but said he had another job - I cannot positively swear that he is the man.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRIC
               



            . I had information of this robbery, twelve months ago; I have been looking after the prisoner ever since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MASON
               



            . I live at Camden-town. About eighteen months ago, I bought two quarters of beans of the prisoner, not knowing whose they where, he brought them between ten and eleven o'clock in the day, I took them to Salisbury's, a neighbour, weighed them, and gave him 2 l. 6 s., and a pot of porter for them; he took the sacks back - the market price was 2 l. 8 s.


                  ISAAC 
                  ENNOS
               



            . They were worth 3 l. 18 s.
- HANSON. I live in Henry-street, Hampstead. A man asked if I wanted a job, he took me to Palace-row, where there where four sacks of beans. I took themto Camden-town - Mason told me to carry them to be weighed; Mason said to me "Come on" - I shot some of the corn at his house, he sent me over the way to get a pot of beer, and the man who employed me gave me 1 s. 6 d. I cannot say that the prisoner is the man, he may be, I left them at Mason's, sacks, corn, and all.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 12th of April, I went to a lime wharf at Paddington with my cart, stopped at the Red Lion, public-house, Edgware-road, and met a man who called himself Mr. Wilson, a corn-dealer, of Edgware-road. He said he wished to exchange his cart away for a good horse; my horse came to 7 l. 10 s., and his cart to 4 l. 10 s. He proposed to pay the 3 l. in about a week, I refused; he said he would furnish me with two quarters of beans, at 30 s. a quarter - I agreed, and was to meet him next morning, and on the way, I met him; he said he was going to Tottenham-court-road, and expected the beans would be there soon, and authorized me to take them in my possession. I went to the White Lion, public-house, saw the cart, and asked the carter if the beans were for me, he said, "Yes." I asked if he had brought any bran, he said, "No;" I received the beans, and left them at my house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
