





1680. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ENGALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, 1 jacket, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Rooke
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 thermometer, value 2s.; 6 plants, value 2s., and 6 garden-pots, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin Cook 
                           Griffinhoofe
                        



.
MR. BOOKIN conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLLEY
               



            . I am a watchman of Kentish-town. On Friday morning, the 17th of July, at half-past one o'clock, I was near the prosecutors, and saw the prisoner getting over the wall with something on his arm; I could not see what it was - I was about forty yards from him; he ran, and dropped what he had - he was stopped by Cannon, another watchman; I did not lose sight of him, and am sure he is the man - I took him, and sent a man back to where I saw the articles dropped; I knew him before - he lived with the same gentleman about two years before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CALLAGHAN
               



            . I am a watchman. I stopped the prisoner; he was running across a field, and had one shoe in each hand when I took him.


                  JOHN 
                  PURDON
               



            . I am a watchman. I was sent to the place described by the witness, and found this jacket.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROOKE
               



            . I am gardener
 to 
               
                  William 
                  Cook Griffinhoofe
               



            . This is my jacket; it was hanging up in a shed at the back of the hot-house - I saw it safe at half-past six o'clock on the evening before; there was a thermometer in the hot-house, which was removed to another part of the garden - some plants were torn up by the roots, and tied up in a gardener's apros.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
