





1734. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  LEATHER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of July
, 1 watch, value 50s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Singleton
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Blake
                     



.
WILLIAM SINGLETON. I keep a shop
, at Mr. James Blakes, in Grafton-street


. On the night of the 3d of August I went into the yard about seven o'clock, and on my return I missed a watch from hook, which I had seen not five minutes before - it cost me between 2l. 10s. and 3l. about a month before; I had made an exchange with a person, who is not here, and it was never valued at that - I have not seen it since.
JAMES BLAKE. On the 3d of August, at ten minutes past seven o'clock, I passed by Singleton's shop door, and saw the prisoner run out, about a yard before me - a boy called Stop thief! - finding a watch was missing, I followed calling Stop thief! - I lost sight of him while he turned the corner - he was secured.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Will you swear he was above a minute in your sight? A. I cannot say.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BULLOCK
               



            . I saw some people running, and crying Stop thief! - I saw the prisoner, and ran up Bateman's-buildings, and into Rose-street; he turned into a watch-maker's shop, where I secured him.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see him searched? A. I searched him, but found nothing - I saw nothing thrown away.


                  ALFRED 
                  SINGLETON
               



            . I serve in my brother's shop. On this evening the prisoner and another person came in, and asked for some tobacco - the prisoner said, "Dick, we shall want two pipes;" he immediately reached over the counter, took the watch, and ran out; Blake asked me what he had taken - I told him - the prisoner was secured afterwards; I had seen him before, walking about the street; the watch has not been found.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you never said that the other person came in first? A. Yes - he did; I was serving him with tobacco when the prisoner came in - he was about a minute in the shop.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
