





1878. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     TOWNSEND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of October
, 2vinegarettes, value 30s.; 7 rings, value 40s.; 11 watch-keys, value 40s.; 1 seal, value 12s.; 3 pairs of ear-rings, value 15s.; 5 breast-pins, value 20s.; 2 tea-spoons, value 8s.; 1 brooch, value 14s.; 1 pair of nut-crackers, value 5s.; 1 pair of snuffers, value 5s.; 1 snuffer-tray, value 5s.; 1 candlestick, value 8s.; 10 purse slides, value 7s., and 2 jewel-boxes, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Rutland
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .
JAMES RUTLAND. I am a silversmith
, and live in Oxford-street


. The prisoner was occasionally employed as monthly nurse
; she had been at my house within a month of the 10th of October; I saw these articles at Marlborough-street, and knew them.


                  JOHN 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 10th of October I took a part of these articles from the prisoner's person; this vinegarette and four pins I found in her box at a relations', where she was lodging - she said, "They are all my own;" I went to the watch-house, and asked her how she came in possession of the property - she said they were given to her by a Mrs. Smith, a casualty sort of acquaintance, to whom she had lent 10l., and who, she believed, was then at Birmingham; she afterwards said she was very sorry, and it was all Mr. Rutland's, except the linen - I found duplicates on her which led to some of the articles.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Bulstrode-street. I have three rings, some ear-rings, and trifing things, pawned by the prisoner, on the 26th of February; a tea-spoon, a pin, and a brooch on the 16th of December - she said her name was Harris, and she was sent by a person named Smith, of No. 83, Mortimer-street.


                  JAMES 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker. I have a ring, pawned by the prisoner, on the 28th of March.
JOHN WORLEY. I am a pawnbroker. I have two rings and four pins, pawned on the 20th of January - I have reason to believe by the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  RUTLAND
               



            . This property is mine. The prisoner was backwards and forwards at my house on all occasions - I am not aware how she was paid; my wife settled with her; I had not missed any of the articles - I had had a severe illness.
Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY (of stealing only)
            . Aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
