





525. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, one handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of a 
                     man


                   unknown, from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I am a constable. On the 1st of February, I was standing at my door, at Battle-bridge, and saw the prisoner go by with others - I followed them along Pentonville, through different streets, across the fields - I called on Jordan, who followed with me, as far as Theobald's-road


 - there was a show, and a number of people looking at it - a gentleman and lady were looking at it, and all the three stood together close to them. I saw something pass from one of the others to the prisoner, who put it under his apron - he ran off as hard as he could, and I caught him in Bloomsbury-square. I sent Jordan after the gentleman. I took the prisoner, and asked him where the handkerchief was; he said, he had no handkerchief. I took him into a public-house, and found the handkerchief in his breeches. One of the three was a little boy.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JORDAN
               



            . Colton called on me to follow three suspicious characters into Little Gray's Inn-lane, where one of them pulled a gentleman's handkerchief half out - they then went on. I saw them attempt several gentlemen's pockets - the show went from Gray's Inn-lane to the King's-road. Colton sent me after the gentleman; he promised to come to the office, but never did. I did not see him take the handkerchief - one of them was quite a child - they saw me, and called out my name, to alarm the others. I am sure the prisoner was one of them; he was covering the boy while he did it.
Prisoner's Defence. It is all false.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
