






1445. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October

, six cruets, value 12 s.; six castors, value 9 s.; a mustard-pot, value 2 s., and a sugar-basin, value 7 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel 
                     Soloman
                  



               
            , his master; and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     GLOVER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well-knowing them to have been stolen
            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  SOLOMAN
               



            . I am a wholesale glass-merchant
, and live in Chiswell-street. The prisoner Sullivan was in my service. In consequence of information, on the 9th October, I went to Glover's shop, in Vine-street, Mutton-hill, about three or four o'clock - he is a dealer in marinestores
. I took a cut cruet off his board, and asked him the price - he said 5 s. 6 d. for three of them. I said I would have them, if he would get me a frame, and I would call for them to-morrow - he said,
"Oh, I have plenty ordered, and expect them in every moment, and you shall be sure to have it." I called again, about six o'clock, the same evening, and said, that since I saw him, I had seen a friend of mine, a publican, who would take two dozen dram glasses, if he could get them exactly to measure - he went out for a measure, and measured one; I said that would do. I then went home, sent for an officer, and informed him. I looked out all my dram-glasses, and laid them straight, so that I could tell if any were removed; and about half-past seven o'clock I went out, telling Sullivan, to lock up the warehouse as usual, and then go home. I went out before him, and told the officer to watch him. I returned in a few minutes, and found some of the dram glasses gone. I went to Glover's about eleven o'clock next morning, took up a cut castor, and cruet in a frame, which I had ordered, and said,
"If you will get me a cruet of the size of this, I will take them;" he said I might depend on having them. I went home, counted my cruets of the size and pattern I had ordered, and found the drawer contained one hundred and twenty-eight - they were in the upper warehouse - I took care that nobody should go up there that afternoon but Sullivan. I did not go out until seven o'clock, and desired Sullivan not to leave till half-past eight. I happened to return about ten minutes past eight, he had then left. I went up stairs and counted the drawer, and missed six cruets.
Q. On Monday did you and the officers search Glover's house - A. Yes, and found these six cruets there, and all the property stated in the indictments. He was present.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who went up stairs after you went out you cannot say - A. No. I marked four or five of the cruets, but they were not taken - they are made to my pattern. I never saw any of this size elsewhere - there are patterns very like it, but not exactly. Sullivan was an industrious boy - I never heard of my children putting things into his basket in a frolic.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. What quantity does the cruet contain - A. I never measured it. The one hundred and twenty-eight were all one size - I swear to this by the size, pattern, and quality of the glass, and the cutting.


                  JOHN 
                  SHIRLEY
               



            . I am an officer. On the evening of the 9th of October I watched Sullivan from the prosecutor's house. He came out about eight o'clock. I followed him down to the door of Glover's house; he stopped there; turned round quick to look at me. I turned round not to be noticed, and on turning back missed him all in an instant, and went away. I watched him into a public-house in Type-street next night, and on Monday evening went with the prosecutor to Glover's.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer. I assisted in searching Glover's house. I found the property stated in the indictment in the shop window exposed for sale. I produce it. He deals in glass. I consider him a dealer in marine stores; there was glass, iron, wire, lamps, and old things in the shop.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Has he dealer in marine stores written over his door - A. I think not. I never noticed whether he has a name or anything up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEE
               



            . I went with Read, and know nothing more. He has stoves, iron, locks, keys, and other goods in his shop. I believe he has
"locks fitted with keys" written over his window. He has lived nine months in the neighbourhood.


                  NATHAN 
                  SOLOMAN
               



            . This property is mine.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you a private mark on it - A. No. Here are thirteen castors; I missed six that night. I should know them find them wherever I would, by the size, quality, glass, and pattern. They were made for me by Johnson and Co., of Birmingham, who are in a large way. It is customary not to make goods of one pattern for two houses; if they did my custom would leave them immediately. I have sold none of them. They came in about six weeks ago. I received one hundred and forty-four. I do not know what became of the rest.
SULLIVAN'S Defence. I took eighteen of them to Wolf, a glass dealer, by the London Hospital, a week before I was taken.
GLOVER put in a written Defence, denying all knowledge of Sullivan; that he had shewn the goods to the prosecutor publicly, and every thing was exposed openly for sale; that it was strange any house should manufacture for the prosecutor exclusively; that he sometimes bought at a wholesale house, and sometimes of hawkers, and when goods are put together could not tell one from another.
JURY to SOLOMAN. Q. Had Sullivan an opportunity of seeing Glover after you gave him an order for the cruets - Yes; he went to dinner, and went out after that into Glover's neighbourhood.
QUESTION to SHIRLEY. Is there any passage near Glover's where the boy might have gone down - There is a turning six or eight yards from the house, but he had passed it and got close to the door when I missed him.
SULLIVAN - GUILTY. Aged 21.




               Strongly Recommended to Mercy
            . - 


               Confined 3 Months
            .
GLOVER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
