







919. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     COLLIER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HAWKINS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAWKERS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, onthe 11th of August
, one handkerchief, value 1 s., the goods of a certain 
                     man


                   unknown, from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUXTON
               



            . I am a constable. I was on duty in Lower Thames-street, on the 11th of August, between five and six o'clock, Buckmaster came up and said he saw three pickpockets take a handkerchief from a gentleman's pocket, and pointed the prisoners out. I followed them a few yards up Fish-street-hill


 - Dawkers and Collier were walking together, and Hawkins close behind. I saw Dawkers take a gentleman's coat tail in his right hand, and put his left hand in; finding nothing they passed by, and followed another gentleman who was just before them; Dawkers took hold of that gentleman's coat in the same manner, and drew a blue silk handkerchief from his pocket. I called Meakins and Bailey to assist me, followed them up Crooked-lane, and at the top of the lane Bayley took Hawkins, I took Dawkers and Collier - Dawkers immediately struck me several times over the head, and made a great resistance. Meakins took Collier from me, and I was obliged to force Dawkers into a house till Bayley came to help me. I had been watching them for half an hour. I do not know who the gentleman was.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUCKMASTER
               



            . I belong to the Gas Light Company, and was attending at the end of Thames-street to keep the carts away, as the pipes were being laid down. Between four and five o'clock I saw Hawkins and Dawkers going backwards and forwards two or three times - they then came and leant over the bar, and used very bad language. They went up Fish-street-hill, and returned with Collier; they turned round towards Thames-street, and Collier pulled a pocket-handkerchief out of the flap of his breeches, and gave it to Hawkins, which made me suspect them. I pointed them out to the officers.


                  THOMAS 
                  MEAKINS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 11th of August, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, Buckmaster pointed the prisoners out to us - Buxton and Bayley agreed to follow them, and in a few minutes Buxton ran down to me, and said Bayley had taken one of them. I went with him to Great Eastcheap, nearly opposite Crooked-lane - Buxton said,
"There are the two men, I can swear to them." He took Dawkers and I took Collier. Dawkers began to get resolute, and said if we did not let them go he would knock us down. I struck him, and said I would knock his head off if he resisted. He seemed more quiet, and I left him with Buxton. I took Collier to the watch-house, and found a tobacco-box and a cotton handkerchief on him.


                  JOHN 
                  BAYLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I went after the prisoners; when they got to the Monument they turned back, crossed, and went up Crooked-lane; I stopped Hawkins, and seeing him take something from under his arm, asked him what he had got, turned his coat aside, and found a handkerchief down each side of his waistcoat, two under each arm, and two in his hat, one of which was a blue one. I found an empty purse in his pocket.
COLLIER'S Defence. I was returning from Deptford with Dawkers.
HAWKINS'S Defence. I met a Jew on the bridge, who sold me the handkerchiefs for 17 s., and told me I had better put them under my waistcoat.
DAWKERS'S Defence. The officers struck us several times.
COLLIER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
HAWKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
DAWKERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.






               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
