






523. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, 2 coats, value 3l.; 1 pair of boots, value 12s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 6s.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; 1 bat, vlaue 7s., and 3 handkerchiefs, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Eastham
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  EASTHAM
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live in Church-place, Somer's-town. On the 12th of January I lost the articles stated in St. Giles'


; the two prisoners caught me in the street, and carried me to their apartments; I was drunk- the clothes were on my back: I awoke about four o'clock, in the prisoners' apartments - some of my clothes were stopped upon them.
THOMAS HOBBS. I am a watchman of Whitechapel. At half-past two o'clock on the morning of the 13th of January, I met the two prisoners; I followed them to Rosemary-lane, where I called another watchman - we went and took them: I asked what they had got - they said, clothes belonging to their husbands, and they had taken them out of pawn; I said I did not believe it, being that time in the morning: the things were under their shawls - I took a hat and a close body coat from Williams.
THOMAS FOLKER. Hobbs called me to his assistance, and I secured Sullivan - she said she had got her husband's coat, and I found this light drab coat on her.
THOMAS BROWN. I took charge of the prisoners. I found this handkerchief in Sullivan's pocket, and this other was in the great coat pocket.
GEORGE EASTHAM. These are my property. I had been spending the day in town, and had no memory; I met the prisoners in Oxford-street - I me Sullivan first, who asked me to treat her; I refused at first, but I did treat her - another woman was with her, but I cannot tell whether it was the other prisoner.
SULLIVAN'S Defence. We were coming home, and met with this parcel at a door - we took it, and the watchmen detained us; we were making the best of our way home.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
SULLIVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
