





562. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     BISHOP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Walker
                        




                     
                  , one coat, value 40 s.; one pocket-book, value 6 s.; one watch, value 26 s.; one key, value 2 d.; two lbs. of beef, value 1 s., and one 1 l. Bank note, his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am a tobacconist
, and live in Salter's-street, Cannon-street-road. On Saturday evening, the 25th of February, about seven o'clock, I went to market to buy some beef. About half-past ten o'clock I met this woman in High-street. Whitechapel - I was quite sober. She asked me to go home with her, which I did to Exeter-street


, up one pair of stairs - we got there about eleven o'clock, and I went to sleep - no one was there but her. I had my watch, key, and the beef at the time - the beef was taken up stairs, but not dressed. I had not been with any other woman that evening; the door was not bolted. When I awoke, about half-past three o'clock, she was gone. I found the watch, key, beef, and the coat at the watch-house.


                  ADAM 
                  CLEGG
               



            . I am a watchman; my beat is in Essex-street, Whitechapel. I know the prisoner, and know the house she lived at. On the 26th of February, about three o'clock in the morning, I saw her coming out of Sugar loaf-court with something in her apron. I asked her what she had got? she said a blanket, but I saw it was a coat and a piece of beef, and stopped her - there was no watch found on her. When I had taken her to the watch-house we searched her room, but found nothing; the bed had not been laid upon. We afterwards went to a room in Sugar-loaf-court, where a companion of her's lodged, and found the prosecutor. We asked him if he had lost anything? he said he did not know. We asked him what clothes he had? he said a great coat and a body coat. As he was getting up he said he had lost his watch, went to the watch-house, and claimed the coat.


                  SIMON 
                  SOLOMON
               



            . I was constable of the night; the prisoner was brought to the watch-house with the coat and beef, after which we went to the house in Sugarloaf-court, and found the prosecutor. He complained of having lost his watch and pocket-book with a note; he said the prisoner was the person who picked him up in the street. He did not appear drunk when we found him.


                  ADAM 
                  CLEGG
               



             re-examined. I saw the prisoner come out of Sugarloaf-court.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. As I was coming home on Saturday night I met a woman who gave me the coat and piece of beef. The watchman stopped me, and took me to the watch-house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
