







1392. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SHIELDS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     AVERY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BATTAMS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of August
, a fixture (i.e.) a copper, value 12 s., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Haddon
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be fixed to a building of his.


                  JOHN 
                  EORDHAM
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live in Bartholemew-walk, about three quarters of a mile from Mr. Haddon's house, in Winkworth buildings


. As I was going to work about twenty minutes before six o'clock, in the morning of Monday, the 16th of August; I saw a man go into Mr. Haddon's house, and two other men stood waiting for him outside. I stood talking to a shopmate of mine, and the man came out of the house again with a copper tied in a brown cloth, and the three went away together. I am positive to the persons of all the prisoners. I think Shields was the one who brought the copper out, he was not in the house more than two minutes; they all went up Baldwin-streettogether. I followed after them, but did not raise any alarm; by the time I got half way up the street they were returning without the copper. I did not see were they had disposed of it. I did not speak to them. nor give any information till night. When I left work I then went and enquired who was the landlord of the house, and told the people at the green shop of it, and then went to Mr. Haddon and told him, when the prisoners returned. Avery had the cloth under his arm, which appeared to me to be the same that the copper had been taken away in.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Where were you while this was going on - A. I was in the causeway talking to Hook; he is not here. We, each of us, had a load, and did not attempt to stop them. I told my shopmates of the transaction, and the next day I saw Avery and Battams passing my shop, and had them taken up. If I had stop them that morning I must have put down my tools, and might have lost them. I swear that it was a copper; it was not tied so close but I could see that.


                  PHILLIP 
                  PROSSER
               



            . I am a warehouseman to Mr. Haddon; I was not in the house till the day after the copper was stolen, and had not seen it. I saw it applied to the place, and it appeared to me as if it had been taken out of that place; the mortar was broken round the edges; it seemed to fit exactly, as if drawn from the brick-work: the house is in Winkworth-building, in the parish St. Leonard, Shoreditch. Baldwin-street is on the other side of the road - I know nothing of the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. You had nothing to do with the house - A. I knew there was a copper there, but had never marked it in any way. I saw it applied, and it fitted well into the brick-work; the edge of the copper was white with the plaster.


                  JOHN 
                  HADDON
               



            . I am a printer; I had a house in Winkworth-buildings; the copper was in the back kitchen - no person resided at the house at that time: I had left it about six weeks. I had not seen the copper for three weeks or a month. I saw it on the Tuesday or Wednesday after it had been stolen, in the possession of the officer; it is mine to the best of my knowledge: it evidently appeared to have been recently taken from the place; the prisoners are strangers to me.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you given up this building to any one - A. No, nor assigned it to my one. I did not see it fitted, but every copper would not have fitted the place, because there are some indentures in it, which I had seen.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a coppersmith. A person brought this copper to me for sale; I believe it was this, but I could not swear to it: we had some other new ones, but not above one other second-hand one; the officer took away the copper brought by this person; it had the marks of having been fixed in mortar; we had no other so large that appeared to have been fixed; we gave 8 d. per lb. for it: it came to 10 s. I live in Old-street, about two hundred yards from Baldwin-street; it was brought between nine and ten o'clock in the day; I believe Shields to be the man who brought it. I saw him at the office two days after - I could not swear to him, but believe he is the man by his dress; he came by himself.
Cross-examined. Q. By what do you know him - A. I am only speaking to his dress, which was similar to the prisoner Shield's, but with a blue apron on. The copper had the same mark as any second hand copper would have had.


                  ARABELLA 
                  WILKINS
               



            . My husband is a coppersmith, and lives in Old-street. I was called on Monday morning about ten o'clock, by the last witness, to purchase the copper - he is my shopman - only one man came with it. I asked Smith if it was fit for use, he said No, it was only old copper; he then weighed it - it was near 16 lbs., but there was a good deal of dirt and soot, which generally adberes to second-hand copper. I paid for 15 lbs. at 8 d per lb. the person gave his address
"Jones, No. 13, Somerset-street. Whitechapel. I gave him a note of the weight - he took the money and left. I saw the prisoners after they were taken up, but do not recollect the person of any of them. Two hundreds yards is the extent of the distance of my house from Baldwin-street.


                  RICHARD 
                  CONSTANTINE
               



            . I am headborough of Shoreditch. I found the copper on Tuesday morning, about half-past eleven o'clock. I was at a public-house, in Teuter-row, City-road, and heard that two men were coming down who had taken the copper. Fordham was with me and pointed out Avery and Battams to me. I told them they were my prisoners, and the charge was about a copper; they said they knew nothing about it. I took them to the watch-house - Shield was not taken till the second examination I went to Mr. Haddon's house, and in the kitchen there was a lid of a copper; the carpenter put the copper into the place, there was a little bend in the top of it, he turned it round, and it fitted exactly.
Cross-examined. Q. The carpenter seemed to understand it very well. - A. Yes; the carpenter was at work, and the prisoner passed his shop, and then he came to me and told me of it: I saw the shopmate of the carpenter about a week ago, and gave him notice that he might be wanted here - he said he did not wish to trouble himself about it.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended Shields, who came down to the office to see the other prisoners, who had been examined: he had a blue apron on: I think Fordham was gone - but a person there pointed out Shields to me - I took a knife from him: Fordham came to the office on Monday, and told me of it.
Prisoner SHIELDS to FORDHAM. Q. Did you not say at the office, that the person who brought out the copper, had a blue coat and black trowsers - A. Yes, I did.
SHIELDS'S Defence. I was not up at the time - I never saw the two men before.
SHIELDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
AVERY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.
BATTAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
