






486. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     SAVORY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     FERGUSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
, 1 gown, value 5s., and 1 shawl, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Hannah 
                  Lake
               




            , widow
.


                  HANNAH 
                  LAKE
               



            . I am a widow, and live in Kensington poor-house


. I lost a gown and shawl on the 16th of November, from a room on the two-pair of stairs: the prisoner was in the house; I had seen my articles in their place on the Saturday, and missed them on Monday; I stopped Ferguson on the stairs, and said I suspected she knew something about my shawl and gown - they had been in a box, which was corded.
Prisoner FERGUSON. She seized me by the throat, and said, "I insist upon searching you;" I said she was not a proper person - she said if I would not be searched she would have my life: she then searched me, and took me to the watch-house; she said she would have many a pound out of me, or she would send me across the herring-pond. Witness. I did not - she told me where they were pawned.


                  JOHN 
                  KILLINGWORTH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. These articles were pawned with me on the 17th of November, by Ferguson, I believe.
Prisoner FERGUSON. Q. Do not you remember telling the Magistrate it was not me? A. No; I told him I believed it was you; I had some doubts about the other - two persons came, and one stood near the door.
WILLIAM BENNETT. The prosecutrix came to me, and said the two prisoners had confessed where the things were - I went and took them, but found no duplicate on them.(Property produced and sworn to.)
FERGUSON's Defence. The Magistrate asked if she could swear it was me - she said she could not; there were sixteen people in the same room; the pawnbroker said he thought it was a girl taller than me, and the Magistrate discharged me; I had not gone ten yards, when I was taken to Hammersmith, and locked up for fourteen days, and then the pawnbroker said, to the best of his knowledge, it was me.
WILLIAM BENNETT. I generally take my prisoners to Bow-street: the Magistrate asked me if one of the overseers were come - I said, No; he said I might take them to Kensington, which I did, but they were never out of my charge.
FERGUSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SAVORY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
