







1456. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RICHARDSON
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GREGSON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NICHOLSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of July
, a writing desk, value 10 s., and a candlestick, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Stammers 
                     Alger
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  STAMMERS ALGER
               



             I am a miller
, and live at West Drayton


. On the 16th of July I lost a writing desk and candlestick from my breakfast parlour; I had seen them the night before; I received some information next morning at five o'clock, I saw the writing desk then but not the candlestick; I was coming to Mark-lane, and I set off and came through Hounslow; I overtook a cart just before I got to Smallborough-green; I got a patrol, and saw him take my candlestick out of the cart, the three prisoners were in the cart, and there were some carpets, and two ducks in it; Richardson and Gregson made great resistance, and said they would not be taken.


                  SARAH 
                  CHURCH
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Alger. On the 16th of July, I was at work in the breakfast parlour, at four o'clock in the morning, and I saw the candlestick and desk; I left the room, and on returning, I missed them; I went out and came in again, and found the desk wrapped in a blue handkerchief inside the window; I told my master what had happened; I saw this candlestick before the Magistrate, and knew it to be his; there is a railing before the windows, and a small space between the windows and the rails; I saw no cart near the place.


                  JOHN 
                  EMERSON
               



            . I am a patrol, and accompanied Mr. Alger; I apprehended the prisoner in a cart about seven o'clock in the morning; Richardson and Gregson seemedto have the management of the cart; I found this candlestick in the cart, and found a bundle of keys on Gregson, also a knife and a bundle of matches, and in the cart were a saddle, two ducks, ten pieces of carpet, six pieces of baize, and two sacks, one with beans in it; the two men made great resistance, and threatened for a long time all the persons I could got to assist me; the lad made no resistance, they were taken at Smallborough-green, about five miles from Mr. Alger's; the name of
"
               
                  William 
                  Barnet
               



            , Walworth" was on the cart.
Cross-examined. I told them to stop, they did; I said there was property missed, and wanted to see the cart. I took the candlestick, but I made no other search till after I got them handcuffed, because they resisted; Gregson pulled me thirty yards before I got him handcuffed.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  ARCHER
               



            . I saw these men on the morning of the 16th of August, about five o'clock; where I was at work at a gentleman's house, one of them came and asked me for the key of a gate of a bridge; I saw Gregson in the cart not twelve yards from Mr. Alger's; I did not see them go on for they stopped till I got some distance; I could not find the key of the gate; the way they wanted to go was a private road, leading directly to Mr. Alger's


                  ROBERT 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I was in this neighbourhood on the 16th of July, at five o'clock in the morning; I saw Nicholson there, I did not see the other prisoners; the bridge is at the end of the mill, and Mr. Algers' is at the mill. I did not see them go into the premises or come out; I saw the young lad between the pales of the window and the breakfast parlour.
GREGSON'S Defence. I was coming along the road and fell in with Richardson, there was a man in the cart and I asked him to give me a lift, which he did; when we got to Hounslow the patrol stopped the cart and took us; I know nothing of the matter, nor of the prisoners.
NICHOLSON'S Defence. I am a poor lad, and was going to look for work, at hay-making; I got behind the cart, and then got in and rode a few miles.
RICHARDSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
GREGSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
NICHOLSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
