





2046. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CARTWRIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of October
, 1 trowel, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Taylor
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 trowel, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Taylor
                        



                     
                  ; and that he was in July, in the 8th year of his present Majesty's Reign, convicted of felony
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a bricklayer
, and was working at an unfinished building in Percy-street, Kingsland-road


. On the 16th of October, when I went to dinner, I left my trowel concealed in a new drain in the back yard - the prisoner had no right there; when I returned I missed it - I went to several pawnbrokers and could not find it; I then went to Mr. Thimbleby's, and the prisoner was there offering it to pawn.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM WINTLE
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner - this is the trowel.


                  HENRY 
                  FREAK
               



            . I live with Mr. Thimbleby. The prisoner brought this trowel, and pawned it on the 16th of October: he came again and brought this other; one the prosecutor came in and claimed it.


                  THOMAS 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a bricklayer
, and was at work at the same place. This is my trowel, which I lost from there.


                  RICHARD 
                  CONSTANTINE
               



            . I am a constable. I have a certificate of the prisoner's conviction in this Court in July, by the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Bates
               



            ; I took the prisoner, and know he is the person - he was ordered to be whipped and discharged.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Life
            .
