





1443. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MAYHO
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 7s., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Spencer
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Spencer
                     



                  , the younger
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the property of Robert Spencer, the younger, and stolen from his person.
ROBERT SPENCER, JUN. My father's name is Robert Spencer. On the 20th of June the prisoner took a handkerchief from me at the door of the Duke of Gloucester public-house in Whitecross-street


 - my mother sent my sister and me to get the handkerchief and a waistcoat out of pawn; my sister gave me the handkerchief - the prisoner came and took it out of my hand; I had not seen him before, but I noticed the spot in his eye - he ran into the Duke of Gloucester, came out again, and said some person had taken it from him, but he said if I would give him 1s. he would try and get it; I gave him 1s. - he went in, but came out again, and said he could not find it.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. What time was this? A. Half-past nine o'clock in the evening; it did not take long - he snatched it out of my hand; I had seenhim once before; the milk-woman outside saw me give him the shilling, but she is not here; my sister was gone at that time to take the waistcoat home; I had to go on to buy a mackerel - there was no boy named Harley by me; the woman saw it, and saw a person from a window, but they are not here - they called out from one of the windows, what a shame it was; the people afterwards persuaded me to follow him into the house, to see if I could get it - I went in, and there were some more people there, who said if I would give 2s. more they would give it me, but I had not any more to give; the prisoner was there, sitting smoking his pipe - I have not got the handkerchief since; I cried out very loudly, "Give me my handkerchief," but no one came to my assistance, and no one was by when he took it but the milk-woman.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SPENCER
               



            . On the night of the 20th of June I went with my brother to take these things out of pawn; I went home, and he was to go - he had the handkerchief.


                  CHARLES 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I am a constable. A person came to me at a quarter before ten o'clock, and stated that a boy at the Duke of Gloucester had been robbed of a silk handkerchief; I went up to the house, but as it is a most desperate house, and I had nearly lost my life there, I did not go in alone, but waited till the watchman came up; when I went in I saw this boy up in a corner. and those characters would not let him out: I called him out, and said, "What have you lost?" he said a silk handkerchief; I said, "Go in and point out the man" - he pointed out the prisoner; he said he had given him 1s., and he was to return him the handkerchief or the 1s., but he had not; two or three of them said, "Why don't you give the handkerchief," but the prisoner took no notice.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you search him? A. Yes, but found nothing; the boy did not say anything to me about a milk-woman being there - there were not many persons round the house; the boy was in the house - I was told he had been crying for a quarter of an hour in the street: as I went in the prisoner seemed to be coming from the back yard.
Prisoner's Defence. I had done work at half-past eight o'clock, and went to have a pint of beer; I came out to the door, and this lad said, "Tell John Harley I want him;" I went in, and said that person was wanted- this lad then came in, and I sat down; in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour the officer came and called this boy out, and in two or three minutes I was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
