





1145. 
               
                  MATTHEW 
                  BERRY
               




             was indicted, for that 


               he, on the 3d of April
, feloniously did, break and enter a certain building, within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Richard Hodges 
                        Munday
                     




                  , and occupied therewith; but not being part thereof, and stealing therein, 1 fixture; that is to say 1 copper, value 2l., his property, and then fixed to the said building
            ; against the Statue, &c.
MR. CHURCHILL conducted the prosecution.
RICHARD HODGES MUNDAY, ESQ.
 I reside at Fulham


. I have a wash-house adjoining my premises - I had a copper fixed there on the 3d of April, and that night, or the next morning it was taken away; I saw it again on the 4th - it fitted the place exactly; and I have no doubt it was my copper - though I had no private mark on it; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  MARIA 
                  BEHENNA
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Munday. I remember the copper being lost on the 4th of April - I saw it safe the evening before.


                  ANN 
                  ELIZABETH MATTHEWS
               



            . I am daughter of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Matthews
               



            , he lives at North-end. On Good Friday morning, the 4th of April, I got up at six o'clock; I looked out at the window and saw the prisoner take a copper, and put it into the privy; it seemed heavy - I told my mother what I saw; I am sure the prisoner is the man; it was only two houses from ours.


                  JOHN 
                  CROUCH
               



            . I am headborough of Fulham. In consequence of information, I went on the 4th of April to an uninhabited house, three houses from where this little girl lives, and found three coppers in the privy; I left them in the care of Fox, while I went for another officer - these are the coppers.


                  ISAAC 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am a constable. I was on duty at Fulham, on the 4th of April, and passed Mr. Munday's at four o'clock in the morning; I saw the muck of a copper in the road - I went and rang them up, and they missed the copper; I traced it by the smut to the back of the prisoner's house, where he has lived for many years - I have known him a long time; I live not more than a quarter of a mile from him - I gave information, and the other officer went and got the coppers; I have fitted them all - they fitted exactly in the different places; this one fitted at Mr. Munday's.


                  HENRY 
                  FOX
               



            . I went to take charge of the coppers and delivered them to Crouch.
Prisoner's Defence. It was not possible I could lift them; there are pales round the house six feet high, and that child was fifty yards from the place.
JURY to MATTHEWS. Q. Did you know the prisoner before? A. Yes; he and his brother live in the house; it is three or four doors from us.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
