





1067. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of May
. 7 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Foskett
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .



                  THOMAS 
                  FOSKETT
               



            . I am a porter
. The prisoner lodged in the same room with me, in Charles-street


 - he generally drew a truck about the streets for 4d. an hour- a blind man lodged in the same room. On the night of the 15th of May the prisoner and I went to bed nearly together - the blind man came in afterwards; I told him to bolt the door - he said No; I got up and bolted it - my waistcoat pocket had seven sovereigns in it; on the following morning, which was Tuesday, I got up, put on most of my clothes, and then saw that my waistcoat had been moved - I ran to it, and my money was gone; the prisoner was gone then: I have never had the money since - he was taken on the Friday, but he came to the house the same night, very drunk, and fell down twice in the room; on the Wednesday he was riding about in a cab all day, and left some sovereigns at the White Lion public-house.
Prisoner. Q. Did you ever know me to come home drunk before that? A.No, not in pension time; the door has certainly been found open when blind Joseph has come in drunk of a night, but nothing has been lost before.


                  JOHN 
                  STABLES
               



            . I keep the White Lion public-house, James-street. On the morning of the 17th, which I think was on Wednesday or Thursday, the prisoner came and asked for change for a sovereign, which I gave him; he opened a paper, and there were three sovereigns in it- I gave him change for one, and he asked me to take care of the other two; I took them, and gave them to the officer.
MARY ELLIOTT. I keep the house where these men lodged. On the Saturday before the prosecutor lost his money, the prisoner paid me 1s., and owed me 8s. 6d.; about a month before that I know he had been in constant work, and had had a guinea a week, but at this time I know he had not much money, for he borrowed the shilling of Thomas.
Prisoner. Q. Is Joseph quite blind? A. He can discern light from dark, but he cannot see any thing on the ground; he does sometimes get drunk on small beer.


                  GEORGE 
                  McGREGOR
               



            . I took the prisoner on the 15th of May, and found 5s. on him.
Prisoner's Defence. What money I was possessed of was partly from my own earnings, and what I had laid by at pension times.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
