





461. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MATTHEWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of March
, one watch, value 2 l.; one chain, value 1 s.; two seals, value 2 l., and one key, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Stanfield
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  STANFIELD
               



            . I am a painter
, and live in Mortimer-street, Cavendish-square. On the 13th of March, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I went to a banker's in Henrietta-street, on business. My watch was then safe - it was the time of the election. As I returned towards the City, the prisoner, and two others, surrounded me, and forced me into the crowd. I begged of them to let me go, as I did not want to go into the crowd. About a minute after they gave way, and let me out. I immediately missed my watch, turned my head round, and saw the prisoner hand it over to one of the others. I immediately rushed in and collared him, and his companions called for assistance. The others was rescued by the mob, but I never lost my hold of the prisoner. I have not recovered my watch.


                  FREDERICK 
                  DESCHLEIN
               



            . I am a bookbinder. I was at Covent-garden


, at the close of the poll, in the outskirts of the crowd. I heard a person call for assistance - the prisoner was making his escape. I seized him and gave him to Westcoat. I saw him hand the watch over.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WESTCOAT
               



            . I am an officer. As I was going along the market, there was a cry of Rescue! A great mob was following the two witnesses who had the prisoner in custody. I went into the mob - the prisoner said, I will go peaceably with you, your are an officer. I found a knife in his pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
