






903. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COTTERELL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     McCARTHY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of February
, 6 hanks of iron wire, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Hawkins
                  




               
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am an ironmonger
, and live in Chiswell-street


. I lost six hanks of iron wire on the 24th of February; I saw Cotterell take it - and while he took it, McCarthy came to the door and said, "Now then, come along, come along;" McCarthy took it on his shoulder; I went and took him with it; Cotterell came for some wire, and remained for it - but I am positive he gave this wire to McCarthy.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Had not Cotterell been bargaining for some wire? A. Yes; he had been asking for some; I had seen him over the way at my other premises, and my lad had gone over with him; I think it impossible that McCarthy could hear him ask for it - it was while my lad was gone for some wire that Cotterell gave McCarthy this; there were three candles in the shop, two in the window and one on the counter; I had been lying in wait for them - I ran out of my private door, and collared McCarthy; they could not see me.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DEERING
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Hawkins. On the 24th of February, Cotterell came in the evening and asked me for a quarter of a pound of 16 or 17, meaning some wire - I said, "It is not here, you had better come over the way;" I went with him, and my master followed us - he went with me round to the private door, and I went into the shop; my master went and looked through a crack in the door - I went to serve Cotterell; he took the gauge, and said, "There is none here will do, you had better go and get some;" I went up into the kitchen, and presently I heard a scuffle and came down - I saw my master had got both the prisoners; the wire was on the shop floor.
Cross-examined. Q. You were in the shop when you gave the gange to Cotterell? A. Yes; a person going by might see the bargain we made - he appeared like a customer.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  HAWKINS
               



             re-examined. Q. What time was this? A. Between seven and eight o'clock in the evening; McCarthy did not run - he made no resistance; I said, "Now, you villain, I have got you at last;" he said the lad in the shop asked him to take the wire for him, but he did not say where to.
JOHN BROWN. I am an officer. I took the prisoners and property.
Cotterell put in a written paper, acknowledging the offence, and pleading poverty in extenuation.
McCARTHY's Defence. Cotterell asked me to carry the wire, and knowing him, I took it.
COTTERELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Confined Three Months
            .
McCARTHY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
