





1028. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of May
, 6 spoons, value 12s.; 1 snuff box, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s., and the sum of 15s., in monies, numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Colls
               




            .
FRANCIS COLLS. I am a gardener
, and live at Edmonton


; the prisoner was a charwoman
 at my house.On the 19th of May I lost six spoons,; they were taken from my premises, and two locks had been broken - I had seen them that morning; there was one table-spoon, and four tea-spoons in the bar, and one spoon was in a tea-pot in my room, which I had seen some months before - I missed them about four o'clock in the afternoon; the spoons which I had had at breakfast, were not locked up, the others were - I would not swear that I had had them at breakfast; sometimes I do not get tea or breakfast - I am sure I saw them the night before, for I used them; my general time for going to bed is ten o'clock - the prisoner was in the house that day; she was employed about my premises - when I went out in the morning I left her making the bed, for what I know.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. You keep a public-house? A. No, Sir, there has been no licence to it for fifteen years; the prisoner was more like a charwoman than a servant - she slept in the house; she came there first as a lodger - I had a man in the house who worked for me; the prisoner had been there twelve days - I am certain I locked up these spoons the night before; these two spoons were on a tea-caddy - the bar door was locked outside; I got my dinner in the bar, and when I went out, I locked it up again, and shut the outer door - she was up stairs for what I know; her bedroom was on the first floor, over the tap-room - she slept in a room opposite mine; we slept in separate rooms.


                  JOHN 
                  MEAD
               



            . On the evening of the 19th of May, a man told me that Nelly had been robbing her lodgings- I went to a lodging-house and took her, about eight o'clock in the evening; I took her to a public-house, and found these spoons in her pocket - she said it was the cursed drink, and I do not think she was sober at that time; she said at first it was distress - I said that could not be, as she had had a sovereign at the Bench, on the Wednesday, which she said was to get some things, to come to live at the King's Arms, public-house, in St. Paul's-church-yard, and she was to return it in six months, instead of that she went and spent the money; she then said "Don't ask me any more questions, I am quite ashamed of myself."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
