






2097. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of August

, 1 watch, value 20s.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d., and 1 watch-key, value 7s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Bastin
                     



                  , from his person
            ; and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well-knowing them to have been stolen
            .
JOHN BASTIN. On the 28th of August, about twelve o'clock at night, I met the female prisoner in the street; she took me to a lodging-house, in Bear-street



; we went to bed - I put my trousers under the pillow; my watch was then in my pocket - I was not there three quarters of an hour; the male prisoner came up stairs; she got up and said it was her husband come home; she opened the door, and let him in; he made use of dreadful language, swearing what he would do to me; he then went away - I got up directly, and missed my watch - I told her I was sure I had it when I came there, and she must have taken it, and given it to the man - I said I would have a watchman - I gave an alarm; the watchman came, and searched her and the room, but did not find it - I was rather drowsy, but had not been asleep - I am positive he is the man who came into the room; it was moon-light; there was no candle - I swear to him by his stature, voice and size.
Prisoner ELIZABETH SMITH. Q. Did I not get a light while the man was in the room? A. No; she got one after he was gone.


                  GEORGE 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 28th of August I heard an alarm, went to No. 1, Bear-street, and found the female prisoner and prosecutor there; he said he had been with her, and lost his watch; she said she knew nothing of it - I went afterwards with the officer, and saw him find the duplicate of the watch on the male prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES LLOYD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. This watchwas pawned with me, on the 29th of August, by a woman in the name of Field - it was not the prisoner - I gave her the duplicate produced.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am an officer. In consequence of information I took the male prisoner, on the 21st of September, and found this duplicate in his fob; he said it was his own; he afterwards said he had bought it of a girl of the town, who he met in the Broadway; he then said he got the watch from Elizabeth Smith, in Bear-street, that he had had it stolen from him, and a girl of the town returned the duplicate.(Property produced and sworn to.)
ELIZABETH SMITH'S Defence. I opened the door, and the other prisoner came in - I went to get a light, and soon after he went away - I did not know he had the watch.
WILLIAM SMITH'S Defence. When I went into the room he was getting but of bed - I turned round, and went down again.
ELIZABETH SMITH - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
WILLIAM SMITH - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.
Of stealing, but not from the person.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
