





1333. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HORNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of September
, a coat, value 2 l.; a waistcoat, value 5 s.; a pair of trowsers, value 5 s.; a shirt, value 5 s.; two neckcloths, value 2 s.; a pair of boots, value 10 s.; a pair of stockings, value 1 s., and a handkerchief, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Gotthold Erdman Frederick 
                     Schwieger
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN COOK
               



            . I lived with Mr. Schwieger at Highbury


. On the 23d of September the prisoner came and rang the bell; I went into the area, and he said he came from Mr. Schwieger; I went up the stairs, and he said he had come for some clean clothes for him - I asked if Mr. Schwieger was hurt, he said Yes, in his foot, and he had torn his boot nearly to the top - but told me not to tell Mr. Schwieger that he was hurt. The housemaid came to the door and called him, and I saw him no more till he passed the window with a bundle; I saw him again at Worship-street.
MR. GOTTHOLD ERDMAN 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  SCHWIEGER
               



            . I did not send the prisoner to my house for any clothes on the 23d of September; I met with no accident on that day.


                  MARY 
                  ANN PRAIL
               



            . I was housemaid to Mr. Schwieger. I opened the door and my mistress was in the passage; I went into the kitchen, and came up again into the hall in about four minutes - then my mistress desired me to go up stairs with her, and help her to pack up some clothes to send to my master; there was a coat, waistcoat, a pair of trowsers, a shirt, two neck handkerchiefs, and a pair of boots. I heard the prisoner tell my mistress that it was for my master to change his clothes, because they were dirty; I opened the door and he went out; I saw him on Monday fortnight at Worship-street.


                  BARNARD 
                  GLEED
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was apprehended before I came to him - I made him no promise or threat; but I heard him say he had pawned the shirt in Whitechapel, and the coat and trowsers at Hoxton, for 10 s.; and that the two handkerchiefs were at his mother's in Blackbird-alley; the boots were on his legs.


                  HARRY 
                  RICE
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner into custody on the 3d of October, and put him in the watch-house. Gleed came and we found a pair of boots on his legs, which Mr. Schwieger claimed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Dexter, pawnbroker, Whitechapel. This shirt was pawned at our house on the 23d of September, in the name of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Schwieger
               



            , by a man whose person I do not recollect.


                  RICHARD 
                  LAW
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Hoxton. I have a coat, waistcoat, and trowsers, which were pawned on the 23d of September, in the name of J. Schwieger - I cannot recollect whether it was by the prisoner, but I think I have seen him in my shop.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I knew nothing of it till four o'clock in the afternoon.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
