





151. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BRYAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of November
, 4 curtains, value 10s.; 1 pillowcase, value 1s.; 1 apron, value 1s.; 2 towels, value 2s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s; 1 frock, value 3s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 5 yards of furniture, value 9s., and 4 tassels, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Smith
               




            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  SMITH
               



            . I keep the Friend-at-Hand public-house in the Colonnade




. The prisoner was eight weeks in my service; I suspected her; and on Monday night, the 3d of November, I went up to her bed, while she was out, and between the mattress and sacking I found a bundle of articles of mine; I did not take it away - but on the following morning I sent her with a note to a friend, desiring them to keep her for an hour; I then went up to her bed and the bundle was gone - I could not find it any where; I sent for the constable - when the prisoner came back I accused her of robbing me, and asked ber to unlock her box; she went up stairs and attempted to open her box, but I believe I opened it myself, and I found the same bundle as I had seen it under the mattress; I asked her if that was all she had robbed me of; she admitted she had taken a table-cloth and some other things.


                  THOMAS 
                  BINFORD KERSWELL
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for and took the prisoner; what the witness has stated is correct.


                  MARY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am the prosecutor's daughter. All these things are my father's; here are four curtains, and a variety of other articles as stated in the indictment.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that a woman named Macketts had induced her to commit the offence; and soliciting mercy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
