





1546. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     BRETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of June
, 3 petticoats, value 3s.; 1 table-cloth,value 1s.; 1 pillow-case, value 6d.; 1 apron, vlaue 6d.; 1 gown, value 10s.; 1 shawl, value 10s.; 1 sheet, value 7s.; I blanket, value 4s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.; 2 caps, value 6d.; 1 shoe-horn, value 6d.; 1 collar, value 6d.; and 1 pair of shoes, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Willis
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  HENRY 
                  WILLIS
               



            . The prisoner lived in my service. On the 27th of June I got up in the morning, and went to call her, but she was then gone; I afterwards went to Allen's-yard, Kingsland, and found her two boxes, which I had seen, and knew were her's; the officer produced the key, and opened one of them, which was locked - the other was open.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WILLIS
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife - we live in Weymouth-terrace, Hackney-road


. On the 27th of June the prisoner left our service, without notice; her boxes were brought to our house, and in them we found three petticoats, an apron, a gown, and some other things, which I know to be mine.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMMANS
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for to Mr. Willis', and was desired to search for the prisoner: I found her the following day at a house in Henrietta-street, Hackney-road, where she had slept the night before; she had this shawl on her back: I found this key in her pocket, and went the next day with another officer to Stanborough's, and found two boxes - one was open, and the other this key opened; we took them to the prosecutor's, and this property was found in them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORETON
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house; I went the next day and got the boxes.


                  CATHERINE 
                  STANBOROUGH
               



            . The prisoner came to my house on the 26th of June, and asked me to let her leave her boxes, as she was going into the country; one of them was locked, and the other not; I gave them to the officer in the same state, I received them on Sunday, the 28th of June.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I am sorry for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
