





Before Mr. Baron Garrow.
1814. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 seal, value 5s.; 1 chain, value 6d.; 1 key, value 3d., and 1 cap, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Perkins
                     



                  ; 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Ash
                     



                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
JOHN ASH. I am employed by the Great Westminster Dairy Company
, and live in Fisher's-place, Palmer's-village, Westminster


 - I live at No. 2, and sleep at No. 1;I am at No. 2 in the day time, when at home; there is no internal communication between the houses; I must come out into the yard to get from one to the other - the houses have a front yard, which is fenced round, and is common to both houses; nobody has communication with the two houses but those who live there - the yard has a door to it, which is bolted; I rent both the houses, and do not let them out; Perkins, my fellow-servant, sleeps in No. 2 - there is nobody in either house but my own family. The prisoner is my first cousin - I met him in the Park about eight days before this; he was in distress, and I invited him to my house to live. On Saturday evening, the 30th of September, when I went to bed, I pulled a yellow silk handkerchief off my neck, and put it on the mangle in No. 2; I then went into the other house to sleep. In the morning, when I got up, my handkerchief was gone; the prisoner had no victuals or clothes, except what I gave him - he slept up stairs at No. 2, by himself, in Perkins' room - I missed him in the morning, when I came from work - I also missed my handkerchief and 7s., which had been in Perkins' box; I had seen him put it into his box about a week before. I found my handkerchief in pawn, at Chelsea.


                  JOHN 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I am employed at the dairy, and sleep at No. 2, in the same room as the prisoner. When I went to bed on the night of the 23d, about half-past nine o'clock, I hung my watch up by the side of the mantel-piece - I had 7s., belonging to Ash, in my box, in the room. I got up about half-past five o'clock next morning, and left the prisoner in the room; I went out, leaving my property safe - I returned at half-past nine, he was gone, and the property also; here is my watch - I gave 3l. 5s. for it six months ago.


                  SIDNEY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am assistant to a pawnbroker, who lives in Grosvenor-row, Chelsea. I received this handkerchief in pawn from Eliza Auderson, and the watch from James Saunders.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ELIZA 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I pawned this silk handkerchief with Smith - I received it from the prisoner; I had not seen him till the day before - he came into a public-house where I was waiting for my husband, and offered the handkerchief for sale to all the company; I asked what he wanted - he said 2s.; I said I had no money, but would pay him when my husband returned - he said that would do; as my husband did not come I went and pawned it; I threw down 2s. - he took up one, and said the other should he spent, but I refused to spend it; I inquired at the house about him, and understood he was in a destitute state, and had come from Wales - that his mother had given him this watch and handkerchief.


                  JAMES 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . I am a prisoner. I pawned this watch at Smith's on the 24th. The prisoner came to lodge at the same house as me, and gave the watch to the landlord, who returned it to him in the morning; he asked me to sell it - I refused, but pawned it for him for 25s.; I gave him the money, and he gave me 1s.


                  PETER 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am a law-stationer. I had seen the prisoner at Ash's, and the day after the robbery I called there - he told me if I met the prisoner to give him in charge; on Wednesday, about half-past twelve o'clock at night, I saw him by the Horse-guards, and took him to the watch-house - he had a cap on, which I have had ever since.


                  JOHN 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I lost this cap at the same time.
GUILTY. Aged 14.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years, to the 



                     Prison Ship
                  
.
