





162. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  PICKETT
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering a building, within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Sophia 
                        Coles
                     




                  , on the 5th of November
, and stealing therein 2 bags, value 3d., and 8 live tame fowls, price 9s.
            , her property.
SOPHIA COLES. I live at Ponder's-end, in the parish of Enfield


, and am a widow
 - it is my own house; there is a hen-roost in the stable, within the yard: I had eight fowls there, which I saw safe and alive on Wednesday night, the 4th of November, and missed them between eight and nine o'clock the next morning; I saw five of them again at Enfield, on the Friday - they were then dead, but I could swear to four of them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you mean to swear to them all? A. No, to four or five; no part ofthem are here - I could swear to four pullets, which I had often fed and had them in my hand; one was red.


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am constable of Enfield. I searched the prisoner's house at Enfield-highway, on Friday, the 6th of November - it is about half a mile from the prosecutrix's; I found two bags, with some walnuts and nuts in them, and eight fowls, three cooked, and five not cooked - these are the bags.
Cross-examined. Q. Did she swear to the cooked ones? A. No, to those with feathers - they were common.
COURT. Q. Were they so common that a person who fed them would not know them? A. A person used to them might know them.
MRS. COLES. These two bags are mine - one was in the stable, and the other in the wash-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARE
               



            . I am a constable. I was with Wilson when these things were found: I took the prisoner about an hour afterwards - he said he found the fowls on the road going from Ponder's-end.
Cross-examined. Q. He at once told you he found them? A. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going home, and saw a man going before me - he went on first, threw down the bags, and ran off.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
