





1298. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of September
, 6 lbs. of tea, value 48 s.; 3 lbs. of coffee, value 10 s., and 6 lbs. of sugar, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Davis
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a tea-dealer
, and live in Queen's buildings, Knightsbridge. I saw the prisoner in my shop on the 16th of September; he said Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gold
               



            , of the Cambden Arms, public-house, had given him an order for grocery, and if I would give him part of the profit he would give it to me - I agreed to do so, and sent it by my young man, with orders to bring back the money, or the goods.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. You gave credit to the representation of the prisoner, and agreed to let him have part of the profit - A. Yes; I sent the goods by my young man. I made out but one bill of parcel, and that was in the name of Mr. Gold. I did not say that the payment did not matter for a day or two.


                  GEORGE 
                  HURST
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Davis. The prisoner came to our shop; Mr. Davis gave me a parcel to take to the house of Mr. Gold - when we got near the house the prisoner took the parcel, and told me to wait for his coming out, but as he did not come I went in, and asked if he had been there; they said No: I then went down a lane, but could not find him.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  HOUTON
               



            . I am a patrol. I received information of this on the 17th of September: the prisoner was soon afterwards taken into custody. I produce the tea and sugar.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENT GOLD
               



            . I keep the Cambden Arms, Kensington. I saw the prisoner at Queen-square, but never before.
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Davis gave me credit to sell the goods in the course of a few days, and return him the money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
