






1716. 
               
                  
                     OSBORN 
                     PANTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .


                     ROBERT 
                     STONE
                  




               
            . I am a job-master and live in High-street, Mary-le-bone


; the prisoner was my clerk at a wharf

 which I have at Milbank-street, Westminster; it was his busines to take orders and receive money, which he was to account for to Mr. Jeffries daily.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long had he lived with you? A. Twelve months; I am a coal and corn dealer at that wharf.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I live in Osnaburg-street, and deal with Mr. Stone. On the 12th of April I paid the prisoner a cheque for 31l. 6s., on Sir 
               
                  Claude 
                  Scott
               



            , on Stone's account - here is his receipt for it.


                  JOHN 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am clerk at Sir 
               
                  Claude 
                  Scotts
               



            . On the 12th of April, I cashed this cheque on account of Mr. Martin - I gave five 5l notes, six sovereigns, and the rest in silver.
Cross-examined. Q. How do you know you paid it? A. By a mark on the cheque, and the entry in the book.


                  JOSEPH 
                  JEFFRIES
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Stone - the prisoner used to bring me the cash, just as he received it - he never accounted to me for any money received from Mr. Martin; he paid me nothing that day - and never accounted for this.
Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. I conduct Mr. Stone's business, as a friend; I receive no salary - I have no part of the profits - it was his duty to bring me the cheque or the money.
COURT. Q. There would have been nothing said if he got it cashed, and brought you the money? A. No.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
