





949. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CHARLTON
               




             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 4th of March
, feloniously did rip and cut 50 lbs. of lead, belonging to the 
                     
overseers of the poor of St. Sepulchre



                  , and fixed to a certain building, being the work-house and poor-house of the said parish, with intent to steal the same, against the statute
            .
2d COUNT, the same, only stating the lead to belong to, and to be fixed to a dwelling-house, belonging to 
               
                  Peter 
                  Dunkley
               



             and others.
3d COUNT, stating the lead to be fixed to a building.


                  JOHN 
                  FORBES
               



            . I live in St. John-street, and am a constable. On the night of the 6th of March, a little before seven o'clock, I was sent for, and went on the roof of St. Sepulchre's work-house


 with Mr. Palmer, and saw about twelve feet of lead still remaining there - I was sent for again, and was told by Mr. Palmer that there were thieves on the top of the house; I looked, and saw the prisoner there, stripping off the lead; I said, "Halloo, Jack, is that you?" he said Yes - I said, "Don't you offer to run, for I have placed a patrol to stop you;" he said, "No. I shall give myself up now; I suppose I must go - I suppose I shall have seven years for it." I then went up on the roof, and took him; Mr. Palmer got a ladder, and we got the prisoner down; there had been three rows of bricks on one side of the lead - they were taken up, and placed on the tiles of a shed; the lead was pulled up, but not cut off - the tiles were pulled up on one side, and the bricks on the other; the lead was not separated, only ripped up; I did not see that any part of it was gone; a little hammering would have put it down as it was before.


                  JAMES 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am master of St. Sepulchre's workhouse. On the night of the 6th of March I was on the roof; I had given notice to the patrol to be on the alert - I had lost twenty-three feet of lead from there the night before - I met the prisoner that night about twenty minutes before eight o'clock, going to the work-house - I went on the roof a few minutes afterwards, and found the bricks taken off, and the lead raised up - I think nine or ten of the tiles were taken away - one end of the lead was turned up, and there was a cut in it, as if it was began to be cut - I saw the prisoner there, and heard him say, "I know I shall have seven pennyworth, I ought to have had it last time." There are some sloping sheds, by which he could get on the roof - I saw him ripping the lead.
Prisoner's Defence. I went up to get my hat which was thrown on the tiles - two men came there, and I laid down.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
