







1843. 
               
                  JANE 
                  FEARNLEY
               




            , 
               
                  SARAH 
                  BROWN
               




            , and 
               
                  LYDIA 
                  CHANDLER
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of July
, 4 sovereigns, and 18 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        James 
                        Powell
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES POWELL. On the 22d of July, between one and two o'clock in the morning, I was in the street - I could not get into my own lodgings. I met Fearnley, and west with her to her lodgings, which are a second floor back room in Collingwood-street


 - I was perfectly sober - I did not go to bed. I had not been in the room two minutes before I heard sovereigns jingle - she was sitting at my side. I had examined the contents of my purse previous to going there, and had spoken to nobody but herself. I put my hand to my pocket, and my purse was gone. I accused her of robbing me, and insisted on her returning it to me; she then called out, and the other two prisoners attempted to get into the room - I did all I could to prevent their coming in till the watchman came, but they did come in, and shortly after, I saw Chandler standing with her back to Fearnley, and putting her hand behind her - I suppose she took my purse from her. Brown shortly afterwards went out of the room - the watchman came in soon after, as the landlady had called him; he searched, but could not find my money - Fearnley and Chandler were still in the room.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you quite sober? A. Yes - I had met some people on business, and left them about twelve o'clock, I slept in Collingwood-street after this, at the same house - it is in the City-road - I could not get a bed any where else. I suppose I was robbed before the other two came into the room.


                  JOHN 
                  YABSLEY
               



            . I am a watchman. I went to No. 3, Collingwood-street, and found the prosecutor, Fearnley, and Chandler, all in the second floor back room - he said he had been robbed of four sovereigns and about 20s. in silver - he accused Fearnley of taking it, and said Chandler came to the door and stood before Fearnley. I took Brown in her own room in the same house - she said she had got nothing - I found no purse - she denied having been into the room.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you not been away before you found Brown? A. Yes - a short time.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILMOT
               



            . I was with Yabsley. The prosecutor said Brown was the girl who left the room - she said"It is a lie, I was not near the room, and know nothing about it;" and that she had not been out of the house, but the landlady said it was false, that she had been out, and she let her in again - Powell seemed to have been drinking a little, and was alarmed.


                  JAMES 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am certain Brown came in with Chandler.
Cross-examined. Q. Did they come in together or not? A. To the best of my recollection they came in together.
FEARNLEY'S Defence. I met this gentleman, who went home with me. I refused to go to bed till he gave me some money - I got up to come away; he pulled me about very much; Brown came to the door but did not enter - Chandler came in; he then left off pulling me about; I said"You good for nothing wretch, I will have the watchman here;" he then said, I had robbed him - the money that chinked was 3s. 6d. I had in my bosom.
BROWN'S Defence. I was not out until I was taken.


                  JAMES 
                  POWELL
               



            . I heard the money jink on my left side - Fearnley sat close to my side.
Brown received a good character.
FEARNLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Confined Six Months
            .
CHANDLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
