






19. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  TEAGLE
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               





            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November
, seven knives, value 2 s., two pairs of pinchers, value 2 s., a size stick, value 1 s. an awl, value 3 d., a fore-part iron, value 6 d., a rubber-stone, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Anthony
               




            .
DAVIS 


               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
JOSEPH ANTHONY. - I am a shoemaker
, and have a little shop by the Coach and Horses, in Welbeck-street


. I had seen this property safe a little after 9 o'clock on the evening of the 4th of November, in the shop. I was called up between one and two that morning, and told that my shop had been broken open; it had been secured by a lock and a bolt; the lock had been forced open by some instrument on the outside; it could not have been opened by the hand; the prisoners were then in the watch-house.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ELSHAW
               



            . I am a watchman. This shop is on my beat. I saw the prisoners on the morning of the 5th of November, at two o'clock - they passed the corner of Wimpole-street; I went round, and met them again once or twice: I then went to look after them, and saw them coming up the mews with this property, about eighty paces from Anthony's shop; the serjeant of our watch took Davis, and I took Teagle; we found the tools upon them at the watch-house: we then went back, and found the shop was broken open. We gave notice to Mr. Anthony; he came and claimed the goods. The door appeared to have been broken open with a screw-driver.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see either of us searched? A. Yes. I saw some of the tools found, and then I went to inform Anthony.


                  JOSEPH 
                  USHER
               



            . I am serjeant of the watch. I took Davis, and Elshaw took Teagle, a few paces down the mews, on the same side as the shop. We took them to the watch-house, and found the tools, some on one, and some on the other.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
TEAGLE'S Defence. I was called up to go to see my sister who was ill - I happened to hear some knives drop at the corner of the mews, where Davis was; I went and asked him where he got them; he said they belonged to him, and he thought he had put them into his pocket. As we got to the top of the mews we were taken.
TEAGLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
Both 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
