





72. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of October
, one waistcoat, value 10 s.; and two yards of cotton, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Carnelly
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  CARNELLY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Carnelly
               



            , we live in Sneyd's-court, Piccadilly


. These things were in a box, in the kitchen, where I lodge. I went out at six o'clock, in the morning, after locking the door, I returned at two o'clock, and found the prisoner in custody, with the cotton; the waistcoat is not found. He lived at No. 10.


                  THOMAS 
                  SUTTON
               



            . I live in Sneyd's-court, Carnelly lodged in the house. On the 29th of October, I saw the prisoner come into the passage, he left the passage, I went out, and on turning round, I saw him getting in at the kitchen window, he shut himself in. I waited till he opened it, and then said, "What are you doing, you have no business here?" he said, he had come to look for Carnelly's son, who owed him a penny. I let him go without searching him, but said I should tell Carnelly, he said I might if I pleased. He was apprehended next day, and told me the things were hid in Lord Coventry's garden. I went with Medbury, and found the cotton under the leaves.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MEDBURY
               



            . I am a constable, I took the prisoner, and went to Lord Coventry's garden, and found the cotton.
(Cotton produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am very sorry, and will do so no more.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
