





360. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     LYNCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of January
, one watch, value 8 l.; one chain, value 10 s.; two seals, value 30 s., and one key, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas William Henry 
                           Brandon
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAM HENRY BRANDON
               



            . On the 19th of January, about five minutes after ten o'clock at night, I was at the corner of Plough-court, Fetter-lane


; I was returning home, and had occasion to stop in Plough-court. I live in Fetter-lane, within three doors of the court. The prisoner came up, and asked me for drink - I had my watch when I spoke to her; when I got home I missed it, and found it the next morning at Guest's in Fleet-market. I am certain the prisoner is the woman who spoke to me.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not go home with me - A. I did not - I positively assert I did not.


                  MARGARET 
                  LYNCH
               



            . As I was standing in Fleet-market Mrs. Weir sent for me, and said she was short in her rent, and was ashamed to pledge herself. She gave me the watch, and I pledged it for her for four guineas at Guest's. The prisoner did not give it to me.
Q. She is your namesake - A. Yes, but no relation. Weir gave me the number of the place where she lived; I know nothing of the prisoner except seeing her in the market - I cannot tell where she lived. I pledged it in my own name.
Q. When you went to the pawnbroker's did you say it was your own property - A. No, I said it belonged to a person who wanted to make up some rent. I did not say it was my husband's - Weir said she lived at No. 3, Plough-court.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Guest, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Fleet-market. On the 20th of January, between eleven and twelve o'clock, the last witness pledged a gold watch with me. She said at first that it was her husband's, then that it belonged to a gentleman; I suspected her, but I thought a gentleman might have sent her - she never mentioned the name of Weir. I did not ask her where she lived, as I knew her.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . Mr. Brandon lodged at my house - on the 19th of October he came home perfectly sober at a very few minutes after ten o'clock.
GEORGE CORBY. On the 20th of January, in the evening, Mr. Brandon applied to me, stating that he had lost his watch, and had found where the prisoner lived who had robbed him. We went with Lynch, the witness, who shewed us which house the prisoner lived at - it was No. 3, Plough-court. I took the prisoner to the Compter, returned and took Mrs. Weir, and afterwards took the witness Lynch.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor went home with me, and was three-quarters of an hour there. In about half an hour afterwards I found the watch in my room, and shewed it to Weir - she said if the gentleman called she would give it to him, but it being left in her house she had the best right to it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
