





1384. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  STONE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of May
, 6 lbs. of copper, value 4s.
             the goods of 
               
                  William John 
                  Joliffe
               




             and another.
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be fixed to a certain building.


                  JAMES 
                  CLUTTERBUCK
               



            . I work for Mr. Jolliffe at the New London-bridge


. I saw the prisoner, with a chisel, cut this copper from the works of the bridge: it was nailed on - he took the nails out and then cut it; I sent a boy to tell Mr. Bean; he saw the boy go and then left it behind him, as he saw the boy looking at him.


                  DAVID 
                  GEARY
               



            . I work for Wm. John Joliffe, at the New London-bridge; he has a partner. On the 31st of May the prisoner was employed there, but was poorly; the copper was nailed on the centre of the bridge, and between seven and eight o'clock in the evening I saw the prisoner unfix it and lay it aside; he went away leaving it behind him, as he saw us - we had gone in and seen him cutting it before he unfixed it; it is large sheets of copper; Clutterbuck sent a boy to Mr. Bean, the foreman of the works. I did not see the prisoner again till he was before the Lord Mayor.


                  JOHN 
                  RANDOM
               



            . I am a labourer. Mr. Bean sent me to take an account of the copper; I found two pieces cut off, measuring fifteen inches by eighteen - they are used to stop the wedges in: I was present when the prisoner was taken; he said he had been there after two pieces of copper, and that he had taken some before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BEAN
               



            . I am foreman of the works. I found this copper removed - we have lost two hundred pieces; the prisoner sometimes worked there two or three days in a week.


                  EDWARD 
                  THOROWGOOD
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner at his lodgings, in Tooley-street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
