





1260. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     O'CONNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of April
, certain fixtures, to wit, 2 sashes, value 6s., and 3 doors, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Morris
                     




                  , and fixed to a certain building of his: against the Statute
            , &c.


                  CHRISTIANA 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Morris; this building belonged to him - the prisoner took the house; it is No. 31 Cow-cross


 - it was a verbal letting; I think he took it on the 7th of March - he entered it at that time, and was to hold by the year; we had another house empty next door, No. 30 - I let him that, which he entered on the 23d of March; the property was taken from both these houses but not at the same time - for the first house he was to pay 50l. a year, and lay out a 100l. on it; for the second he was to pay 40l., but not to lay out any thing - after he had been there but a short time, I heard that every thing in the house was being pulled to pieces; I went to the house No. 31, I think about a fortnight after he was there; I did not miss any thing then - he left on the 27th, and I discovered the loss; on the Friday before he had told me, he found the place did not answer, and he would come to my house and settle about the rent - I said I wished to go over the house; he said I should not - a lodger told me that on the Sunday there had been two men pulling down every thing; I went and found the cupboard doors, the sashes and the water-butt gone, the water was cut off, every thing taken away and destroyed, and he gone off -I think he was there from the 7th to the 27th of April; he took them both by the year - a great many articles were gone; one shop sash was gone from No. 30, the sashes from No. 31, and all the stoves in the house were gone - the prisoner was taken in Camden-town on the same day; I found the carter on the Monday - he went early in the morning; the sashes and doors were fixed to the house - I knew nothing of him before.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not let me the house for 50l. a year, on an agreement for fourteen years? A. You were to have an agreement, if you laid out 100l., but were not to have it till you did that; I have no security for the rent whatever - I sent to the person, he referred to, but they have not come forward; I am sorry to say a respectable tradesman has deceived me; he has not fitted up either of the houses, he has destroyed every thing, and took every thing away - every thing was in proper order when he took the houses.


                  JOHN 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am an assistant to Mr. Underhill, a glass-cutter; he purchases a great many old materials, having a great many houses - I went to No. 31, Cow-cross the beginning of April; I think it was for four doors, which my master had purchased - I saw the prisoner; I said, I had come for the four cupboard doors - I went afterwards, and brought away a glass front and two sashes; the prisoner delivered them to me, and I gave him the money - I gave 24s. for the front; I had seen him when he came to ask my master if he wanted to purchase some old things from a house he was repairing, and which he had got the lease of; my master did not buy any lead of him, that I know of - the rooms were not repaired; there was no front to the shop - it was a tripe-shop apparently; I believe that front came from came from one of the shops - it was brought into the passage, and not replaced with another; some of the doors are here, this is the best of them - I do not know what it is worth, it may be worth 4s.


                  JAMES 
                  TERRY
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner at Somers'-town, the day he absconded from the shop; I think it was the latter part of April - I found him in a little back room, and coming along I asked him what he had done with the fixtures of the two houses; he said the shop front he had sent to Vauxhall to be glazed, and the doors he had never seen.
MRS. MORRIS. These are my doors and sashes; he said he was going to keep a tripe-shop - he was to make a shed and other things; it will coat me more than 100l. to replace the articles that are gone - he was to live in one of the houses; there were no repairs going on.


                  RICHARD 
                  MILLIN
               



            . I am a constable. I found this shop front at Mr. Underhill's - he is not a painter and glazier.
Prisoner's Defence. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court - I removed into one of the houses, and was fitting it up for my own trade.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
