






1122. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  CHERRY
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS HENRY 
                  PRIGHE
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Christopher 
                        Lund
                     




                  , from his person
            .
Mr. CHRISTOPHER LUND. I am a grocer
, and live in Newgate-street. On the 11th of May, between four and five o'clock, I was crossing from St. Martin's-court


, into the Old Bailey


 - my handkerchief was taken without my perceiving it - I had used it a minute before, and remember pressing it down into my pocket; I was crossing the road when a respectably dressed female caught hold of my arm - she gave me information and pointed to the two prisoners, who were not dressed as they are now; Cherry wore very shabby black - they were about ten yards from me, and in company together; I walked after them for twenty yards, then went up to them, and charged them with picking my pocket; they said I was mistaken; I took hold of Cherry by the arm and repeated the charge - he denied it- and while he was denying it Prighe stepped off the pavement, and was going to cross the road - a gentleman came up - I asked him to mind Cherry, for me, or follow Prighe; he went after him and brought him back; I charged them both with taking my handkerchief; Prighe began to ask what remuneration I would make him provided they were innocent people; I said I was positive they were the men - Prighe proposed going into a shop, that we might search them; he walked into the London Tea Company shop; I took Cherry in, and at that moment an officer came up - I gave them in charge, and the handkerchief was found on Cherry, inside his waistcoat - they made some resistance.
Cross-examined by Mr. PRENDERGAST. Q. You did not see them before you missed your handkerchief? A. No; Prighe came back willingly; the gentleman gently laid hold of his arm; I cannot say whether Prighe said I or we, when he asked about remuneration; I had seen them together for a minute and a half before I went up; they were in conversation - they walked leisurely - I said to them both, "You have robbed me," and took hold of Cherry, as he was nearest - Prighe turned and walked off- the street was very thin of people - Cherry made a shew of fight to the officer, and resisted - the officer knocked him down - they both resisted, and wanted a coach, saying, they would not be exposed in the street. Prighe said he was an innocent man, and it would injure his character.


                  JOHN 
                  COWTAN
               



            . I am a City officer. I was coming up Ludgate-hill and saw a crowd; Mr. Lund had the prisoners in custody, and was just entering a shop door; Prighe denied the charge; I found the handkerchief in Cherry's bosom, between his waistcoat and shirt - they did not like to go through the street with their hands tied together - they did not resist till I tied them together.(Property produced and sworn to.)
CHERRY'S Defence. The handkerchief being found in my possession may confirm the prosecutor's statement, but my fellow prisoner I never saw till he came with the prosecutor, and was accused of being concerned with me. I picked up the handkerchief, which two women observed, and told the prosecutor.
PRIGHE's Defence. I am a respectable young man, and my father was a citizen - I have always lived respectable. I had been to Mr. Barnard's printing-office, in Playhouse-yard - I stood at the picture shop, at the corner of St.Martin's-court, for twenty minutes, then crossed the Old Bailey; I was dressed respectably, though he says it was shabby; he told the Alderman he came after me himself; I was not in company with a soul all day; when the gentleman came after me he said, somebody wished to speak to me - I went back with him - he accused me of the robbery, and I said, on a proof of your being mistaken, what reparation do you suppose you can give for the injury of my character. I insisted on going into a shop to be searched.
Mr. LUND. Prighe was certainly not dressed so respectably as he is now, but be was tolerably well dressed.
CHERRY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
PRIGHE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
