





20. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SEAGO
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of June
, one watch, value 50 l.; one chain, value 4 l.; two seals, value 12 l.; one key, value 10 s.; one pair of shoes, value 5 s., and five 1 l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Mackay
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Cook
                     



.
MR. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  MACKAY
               



            . I am a half-pay officer in his Majesty's service
, and lodged at Mrs. Cook's, in Upper George-street, Bryanstone-square


, the prisoner was servant
 there. On the 17th of June I gave him a 1 l. note to get change; he said he should be detained on account of lunch; he afterwards came and asked me to lend my seals, for a young lady to seal a note. I gave him my watch and seals, as I had done before, to take to the lady, he was to bring it back. He was missed directly after, and was apprehended three days ago. I have not recovered my property. I lost a 5 l. note out of my pocket - he was in the habit of brushing my clothes.


                  JOHN 
                  WESSUNT
               



            . I live in St. Ann's-court. On the 17th of June, about two o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came to my house, I saw him with two 1 l. notes. He came again on Sunday afternoon, and produced a gold watch, chain, and seals, and said he had received it of a gentleman to get repaired; that the watchmaker wanted 30 s., but he could get it done for 1 l., to get something for his trouble. It appeared a handsome one.


                  JAMES 
                  JEFFERIES
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. I found the prisoner at the watch-house. He said one Fenton had sold Capt. Mackay's chain and seals for 20 l.


                  JAMES 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am related to Wessunt. I saw the prisoner produce the gold watch at his house.
Prisoner's Defence. I was never in Wessunt's place, and never saw the property.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
