





1551. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BROCKLING
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 pen-knife, value 3d.; 3 sovereigns, 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Smith
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD SMITH. I am an excavator
, and live in Upper Park-place. On the 9th of June, as I was going along the Strand, home, about twelve o'clock, I met a girl nearly opposite Charing-cross; and went with her to No. 3, Duck-yard


, to the first floor room; I bolted the door, undressed, and went to bed. I had a duplicate of a watch in my fob pocket - my money was in my trousers pocket, and a penknife in my waistcoat pocket. I put my trousers under my head; I was awoke about five o'clock, by a knocking at the door, by the prisoner, another man, and a woman - they came into the room; as I told them to come in. I then said if they would withdraw I would dress myself; they said they wanted a man to go with them to Billingsgate, tobuy mackarel. I do not know what name they mentioned - I got up to put on my things, and said, "I think that woman has taken my stockings;" the prisoner said, "Look: perhaps they are in your hat;" (the girl was then gone down) he went up to my hat and gave it me - my stockings were there; he might have been near the hat - he asked if I had been robbed. I knew then that I had, but I said,"It is of no consequence;" as I did not wish to give them any information - we then all came down together, and I took notice of the house. I had missed my duplicate and money when I began to dress myself. I went on Monday morning early, to the pawnbroker's, and desired him to detain any one who came to take the watch out. The prisoner was afterwards taken, and my knife found in his waistcoat pocket.
Cross-examined by MR. QUIN. Q. Where had you been? A. Paying some men, and receiving money. I had drank some ale and gin, but was not drunk - I had the sovereign in my hand when I went into the house - the girl was gone when I awoke; my trousers were not on when the property was taken.
GEORGE KING. I am shopman to Mr. Cotterel, a pawnbroker. On the 10th of June the prosecutor came to stop the duplicate of the watch, and about eight o'clock the prisoner came in with the duplicate. I asked where he got it - he said he bought it of a young man, whom he knew perfectly well. I asked if that was true - he then ran out; I followed him nearly half a mile, and brought him back.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TRODD
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, and took him into custody - I found this pen-knife on him, and 18s. 2d.
RICHARD SMITH. This is my knife.




               GUILTY. Aged 21. Of stealing, but not from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
