





1164. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, a seal, value 20 s.; a key, value 5 s., and a piece of ribbon, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Moon
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MOON
               



            . On Wednesday evening, about eleven o'clock, I was going from Newgate-market to St. Martin's-lane, where I live - the prisoner met me near Exeter-change


, and snatched at my watch; he got the seal, and part of the ribbon, and ran away towards the New-church - the seal and ribbon were brought to me next morning: this is my seal.
Prisoner. Q. When I came past you were talking with three or four women: as I was going across the road some person called out, and I stopped directly - Witness. There were no women near me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HANDS
               



            . I am a watchman of the Savoy. I was about a hundred yards from Exeter-change, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I ran, and got near to Wellington-buildings; the prisoner was stopped by my partner; I did not see him stopped. He was searched, and no property found upon him, but next morning we found the ribbon and seal in the place where he was taken, in the road.

Prisoner Q. You said you found it on the foot-path - A. No.


                  THOMAS 
                  BAIN
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the cry of Stop thief! it came from Savoy-street, near Exeter-change - I saw the prisoner come running along; when I got up to him he stood still; I took him to the watch-house, and found nothing upon him; but next morning we found the seal on the spot where he had been. There was a gentleman at the watch-house, who said he lived at the Salisbury Arms, public-house, Durham-place, who said he had seen Mr. Moon talking to some females, but I cannot think that, for I had been there just before.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I stopped, and was taken to the watch-house. The gentleman said he was rather intoxicated, and had been drinking with some friends.


                  THOMAS 
                  BAIN
               



            . Mr. Moon appeared quite sober.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
