





70. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PRICE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Wilson
                        




                     
                  , about five o'clock at night, on the 22d of November
, and stealing seven shirt collars, value 5 s.; four shirts, value 2 l.; nine handkerchiefs, value 8 s.; three dresses, value 30 s.; one spencer, value 5 s.; one apron, value 6 d.; one pocket, value 6 d.; two petticoats, value 5 s.; three caps, value 3 s., and one shawl, value 1 s., his property
            .


                  SARAH 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Wilson
               



            , we live at Bromley


, On the 22d of November, in the morning, I put my clothes in the bedroom, on the ground floor, and went across the way, returned in a quarter of an hour, and missed the articles stated in the indictment. I had left my husband and family at home - I had not fastened the outer door - it was a quarter after five. Dungate and Parteridge came by - I told them, and in about two hours the prisoner was taken.


                  JOHN 
                  DUNGATE
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house with this property - he said he found it in Ducking-pond-lane, and was going to take them to his master's in George-yard - they were quite wet.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I found them in Ducking-pond-lane.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
Of stealing only. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
