





389. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOLYLAND
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of January
, four seals, value 11 l. 11 s.; two watch-chains, value 10 l. 3 s., and two gold pins, value 7 s. 3 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Brogden
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BROGDEN
               



            . I live in Bridgewater-square. On the 4th of January, at six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to my counting-house, and said,
"You know me Mr. Brogden," I said,
"Yes, I have known you twenty years - I think you served your apprenticeship with Mr. Mayfield;" he said,
"You are perfectly right, I have never left him; I continue with him to the present moment, I am no starter, nor is it likely I shall leave him; I have occasion for a seal and chain for my brother, who is a man of property, and can pay for it. Let me have a few to shew him, and what he does not choose, I will return you." I let him have them, and desired they might he entered in our return book, not considering them as sold - and a paper was delivered him with the seals, expressly stating they were upon approbation for his brother to choose one, and return the others. I gave him several chains, and several seals, he said he would return in an hour, and pay me for that which might be selected, and return the others. As he left, I desired him not to be longer than the hour, he said, certainly not, I might depend upon his returning in an hour; but I did not see him for a month after, when he was taken into custody.


                  THOMAS 
                  WARBOYS
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Brogden. The prisoner came to the counting-house on the 4th of January, for a chain and seals to shew his brother, he took several with him, and did not return. About a fortnight, or month after, I was fetched, and found him in custody.


                  THOMAS 
                  MAYFIELD
               



            . The prisoner was in my service once. I never sent him to make any purchase of Mr. Brogden - I had not seen him for five or six years.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
