





828. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of March
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 1 seal, value 1l.; and 2 keys, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Peck
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  PECK
               



            . I have formerly been captain and owner of a ship
. Between twelve and one o'clock on the 1st of March I was in Ship-alley, Wellclose-square


; I was a little in liquor, but I knew what I was about; I was walking home, the prisoner and another girl came, one on each side of me, and wanted to force their conversation - I put out both my hands and pushed them away- they ran up after me, and the prisoner took my watch out of my pocket; I pursued her, and she gave it to a boy, and said "Take it, take it;" I did not exactly see it go from her hand, nor have I seen it again; to the best of my knowledge she is the person who took it, at least she was one of 
them.


                  RICHARD 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I heard the prosecutor cry Watch! and several voices cried Watch! likewise - I ran to the end of the alley; some person said, "There is a man murdering a girl at the top of the alley:" I went up and saw the prisoner in the grasp of the prosecutor - she gave charge of him to me for ill-using her; and he said, "I give charge of this girl for robbing me;" I said, "Of what?" he said, "My watch;" I said, "Are you sure that is the person?" he said."Yes, quite sure;" I said, "Don't use her ill - come to the watch-house;" he was a little in liquor, but he seemed to have his senses about him, and to know very well what he was doing.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going through this place, and had just come from a raffle; the prosecutor was calling out Watch! I passed him, and said, "What are you calling Watch! for?" he caught hold of me, and said I had robbed him; there were two girls and three men just a-head; the prosecutor was very much intoxicated.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
