





464. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HALL
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 20th of January
, feloniously did rip up 20 lbs. of lead, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Blackford
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house, with intent to steal the same
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLACKFORD
               



            . I live at No. 6, Vine-street, Hatton-wall


. On the 20th of January, my wife called me; I went and heard a noise on the wash-house roof - I got a candle, and saw the water-pipe moving; I called out,
"What are you at?" I went into the yard, and found the prisoner in the privy, with his back to the pipe - his hands were black, as if he had been handling lead. I found the pipe dragged from the wall, and twisted nearly off. He gave no reason for his being there.


                  ROBERT 
                  LUNDER
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard an alarm - the prisoner was brought through the next passage to Blackford's; he held down his head - I knew him, and had been looking for him. I took him to the watch-house.


                  JOHN 
                  HOWES
               



            . I am a patrol. The prisoner was brought out, I said
"You rascal, you only came out of prison last Wednesday." I found the staple drawn out, the pipe pulled from the wall, and nearly twisted off.


                  SARAH 
                  CARTER
               



            . I live next door to Blackford. I heard a noise, went down, and found the prisoner was secured. He must have gone through my passage to have got at it; I had bolted the door not a quarter of an hour before.
Prisoner's Defence. I touched nothing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
