





409. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EATON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of December
, 1 watch, value 1l., and 1 seal, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Gracie
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  GRACIE
               



            . I am a saddler
. On the 19th of December I was in my shop: a bullock got into the passage; the prisoner, who said he was a drover
, and another person, got in to turn it out - the prisoner went into the parlour; my watch laid on a shelf opposite the parlour-door,where I had seen it safe twenty minutes before - I went into the parlour, and the prisoner ran out directly; the bullock was not gone then; as I went into the parlour, I saw the hand of one of them go on the shelf; the other man remained there, and helped to get the bullock out - these are my watch and seals.
JURY. Q.Did you ran after him? A. I ran back to the shop, and told Mr. Warden the prisoner had got my watch, and he ran after him.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WARDEN
               



            . The witness told me this chap had got his watch; I followed him down Albion-place, and overtook him in a street which turns out of John's-lane; when I took him some persons behind me called out,"Here is the watch, in an area;" I took him to the watch-house, and then went and got the watch from Mrs. Dawson, who had taken it up - I swear the prisoner is the man who ran out of the door, though I lost sight of him as he turned the corners.


                  SARAH 
                  DAWSON
               



            . I took up the watch in our kitchen-area, and gave it to the street-keeper; I had heard a cry of Stop thief! but did not see any one running.


                  GABRIEL 
                  AILLEC
               



            . I live in St. John's-lane. On the 19th of December I was in the lane; the prisoner was running, pursued by Warden and some others; he passed Mrs. Dawson's area, and I saw him throw something down the area - I looked and saw it was a watch; I saw Mrs. Dawson take it up, and advised her to keep it till the officer came - I am sure it was the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I was coming round, and took the prisoner to the watch-house; as I took him to the office, he said, "Well, master, I think I am done for this time;" I said,"I do not know;" he said, "Perhaps, I may be a man when I come back again."
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming of Smithfield; Mr. Baker, a man I have worked for for some years, told me a bullock of his was gone - some one had hunted it away; I was going up St. John's-lane - my stick fell from my hands, and a man opened his arms, and caught me at the corner of Berkeley-street; the witness then came up, and said,"Where is my partner's watch?" I said, "I know nothing about your watch;" and said,"I will go any where with you; I have got no watch:" the other witness then said he saw me drop it - I said, "Was it not my stick?" and then he said, "I believe it was a stick."


                  GABRIEL 
                  AILLEC
               



            . The prisoner never asked me if it was not his stick.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
