





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
1348. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CURREY
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TORKINSON SHUFFLEBOTHAM
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Wynn 
                  Ellis
               




            , silk-mercer
, Ludgate-hill


. The prisoner was his errand-boy
. On the 26th of June
, about three o'clock. I gave him a parcel, containing goods amounting to 8l. 9s., to take to Mrs. Grace, of Old-street; he was entrusted to receive money for parcels, and should pay it over to Cunningham, the cashier, when he returned, which was between five and six o'clock - he did not pay the money; he was not asked about it that night. He went away next morning, without any intimation; he was found in the neighbourhood in about a fortnight, and brought to us; he said he had been about the country; I asked what he had done with the money he received before he went away - he said he had lost it; I then asked about the particular sum received from Mrs. Grace - he said it had gone with the rest.


                  MARY 
                  ANN GRACE
               



            . I live at Stockwell. On the 26th of June I bought some goods of Mr. Ellis, and received them in Old-street. I paid the person who brought them eight sovereigns and a half, and took a receipt. I cannot say whether the prisoner is the person.
MR. SHUFFLEBOTHAM. This receipt is the prisoner's writing.


                  JAMES 
                  CUNNINGTON
               



            . I am cashier to Mr. Ellis. My duty is to receive money paid for goods; the prisoner paid me nothing for these goods; he had given no notice - he should have paid it that night or next day. I did not ask about it.


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . I took him in charge - he said he had lost the money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
