





945. 
               
                  EMMA 
                  NEWELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, a tobacco box, value 6 d., two half-crowns, and five shillings, the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Jackson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES JACKSON. I was in a public-house in St. Giles's


, about eight o'clock in the evening of the 17th of April; the prisoner came in in about two hours after - she was quite a stranger: four of my fellow workmen were with me - we are navigators
. I had my tobacco box, with two half-crowns and five shillings in it, with a duplicate. I went to sleep, and when I awoke I missed the money; the prisoner was present, and I accused her of taking it - she denied it, and blackguarded me for scandalizing her; I went out about eleven o'clock, and saw Reynolds, the watchman, who produced the box I had lost; she was searched at the office, and the duplicate was found upon her.


                  FRANCIS 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Giles's. The prisoner came to me about eleven o'clock, and said, "Here is a tobacco box" - she laid it on my arm, and went away; I opened it, and saw the ticket - I called out. "Halloo! here is a ticket in it;" she said, "So there is." The prosecutor came up soon afterwards, and said he had lost his box; I stated what I had seen, and said I believed I could find the woman, but my brother watchman took her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SABINE
               



            . I am a constable. I searched the prisoner, and found on her two half-crowns and some half-pence.
(Box produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to Shepherd-street, and a gentleman gave me this money all but a penny, which the prosecutor gave me in the house; he asked me to go and sit down by them, which I refused; he said to one of his companions, "You take my money, and take care of it;" he asked me to get him a quarter of an ounce of tobacco, and gave me his box to get it in - I did not open it, and did not know what was in it; there were some young men and women quarrelling at the door, and I gave the box to the watchman.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
