






136. 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of November

, 5 iron bolts, value 2s. 6d.; 5 brass knobs, value 6d.; 11 screws, value 3d., and 1 pair of scissars, value 9d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Dobson
               



            , his master; and 
               
                  ANN 
                  STANTON
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving four of the said bolts, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
JAMES DOBSON. I am a paper-stainer and builder
 - I live in the Strand



. The prisoner Jones was in my employ for three weeks - there were some bolts and screws in separate parcels locked up by themselves, in a room over the factory. I went with Cousins. the officer, to Jones' father's lodgings, in Cooper's-place - we found these articles there. I then went to Stanton's shop, and found some others - they are all mine. Those found at her shop were of little value.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COUSINS
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I went to Jones' father's lodgings, on the 25th of November - we found these articles in the apartment - these ornaments had been fixed on a little pair of drawers. I then went to Stanton's shop, and found those other things - she said she had bought them nine months ago. Mr. Dobson said, his boy had robbed him to a considerable amount, and she had the whole of it - she said she had had none of it, and these things she had bought three weeks ago.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What shop does she keep? A. It is written over it, "Dealer in Marine Stores," but no name is up. The boy was taken by Mr. Dobson's man, and he came to inform me of it; but the watch-house-keeper said he was not justified in keeping him till I got to the watch-house. I asked him, why he did not return to his master's; he said he was afraid. I said, "I suppose you have done wrong," - he said he had. I told him I was an officer, and not to say any thing that would injure him - he then said, he had carried a pair of hinges to Mrs. Stanton's at first, and she gave him 2d. for them, and told him to bring any thing else, and she would give him a good price - that he had taken all the things there which he took from Mr. Dobson's, and she had given him 4d. the night before, and told him to go to Whitechapel and keep there; and if he was taken, not to tell where he sold them. I showed him these four bolts, on the Monday morning, at the office, and he said he sold them to Stanton.
Cross-examined. Q. Is not this woman married? A. A man came to the office and asked for her - she was not present at this conversation.


                  CHARLES 
                  STEVENSON
               



            . My father lives in King's-street, Soho - he is a saddle-tree-maker. Mrs. Stanton keeps her shop in the same house. I saw Jones one day in November at her shop - there was a man in the shop, and Mrs. Stanton was serving him - he waited till the man came out. I went on, and did not stop - he had a paper cap full of brass bolts and nails.(Property produced and sworn to.)
JONES. - GUILTY. Aged 14.




               Recommended to Mercy
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
STANTON. 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
