





Before Mr. Justice Gazelee.
1753. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of February
, 2 coats, value 3l. 5s.; 1 pair of breeches, value 4l.; 3 shirts, value 10s.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 4s., and 2 shoes, value 2s, the goods of 
                     
                        Isaac 
                        Steed
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
ISAAC STEED. I live in White Horse-street, Stepney


. In February last the prisoner and 
               
                  James 
                  Wickham
               



             came to lodge there; they came on a Tuesday, and continued till the Sunday morning - they lived in a back room up stairs, and I live in a back room down stairs; the staircase comes into my room. On Sunday morning, the 10th of February, about half-past six o'clock, the prisoner and his companion went through my room, and one of them wished me good morning, which of them I do not know; about eight o'clock that morning I discovered that my box was broken open, and a black frock-coat, a brown frock-coat, a pair of patent small-clothes, a very large cord, two silk handkerchiefs (one an India one, with white spots,) three shirts, and one shift were gone, and a pair of shoes, which had stood in the room; an old pair were left in their place; the box stood in the room where they slept - there were other lodgers in the house, but none of them had left the house till after I discovered the robbery; neither the prisoner nor Wickham ever came back; I did not see the prisoner again till the 20th of July, when I saw him at the Wellington public-house, in Brooke-street, Ratcliff; I have not seen my things since - I had seen them safe on Saturday afternoon, the 9th of February; I know they were all in the box - I value them at 5l., but they were worth more than that to me; I valued the two coats at 3l. 5s. - I do not know how long I had had them, but they were little the worse for wear; they cost me 8l. - I value the small-clothes at 1l.; they cost me 1l. 10s. - I had not had them long, and worn them very little; I valued one of the handkerchiefs at 4s. - it cost me 6s.; the three shirts were worth 6s., and the shift 2s. 6d. - it was a new one; the shoes were worth 2s. 6d. The prisoner is an engineer.


                  JAMES 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am headborough of Ratcliff. I took the prisoner into custody, and told him it would be better to tell the truth.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing at all about it.
GUILTY. Aged 26.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
