





1657. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     CARNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of August
, 3 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel 
                     Clarke
                  




               
            .


                  NATHANIEL 
                  CLARKE
               



            . I keep a ham and beef-shop
, in St. John's-lane


. On the 4th of August, I left my shop about twenty minutes before eleven o'clock, and within a minute I heard a scuffle; I returned instantly, and saw the officer with the prisoner, behind my counter. I had looked into the till just before I went out; there were three sixpences in the front part of it, and two shillings in the back; I said I had lost four sixpences, I believed, but I was in an error; I had had five sixpences in the till, but had sent my servant out with two, and therefore there were but three.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner about ten o'clock on the 4th of August, in Peter's-lane, watching a butcher's shop window; there was another lad with him; they went up St. John's-lane, and the other stood outside while the prisoner went into this shop, and round the counter - he took out the till, and put something into his pocket, but I could not see what; I ran in, and took three sixpences out of his waistcoat pocket, into which I had seen him put something. Mr. Clarke had gone out of the shop just as the prisoner went in.
Prisoner's Defence. The money was my own - I went in to buy some pudding.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner in custody in the shop, and saw Waddington take some money from him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
