





London Cases, Before Mr. Recorder.
1046. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     POWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of July
, five sovereigns, four shillings, and a sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Mills
                        




                     
                  , and others, his partners, to whom he was servant
            .
MR. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  MILLS
               



            . I am son of 
               
                  James 
                  Mills
               



             - my brother and myself are in partnership with him; we are wine and spirit-merchants
; the prisoner was in our serviceI gave him five sovereigns and ten shillings to pay dock charges, for two pipes of wine, on the 18th of July, about eight o'clock in the morning - they would not amount to so much. He never returned, but was brought to us at ten o'clock at night, intoxicated.
Prisoner. Q. When I first came to your counting-house, was it not for the express purpose of your procuring me a situation - A. It was; he was to be with us till then - we never had any regular agreement with him - we paid him at the rate of 3 s. a day for seven weeks. There might be 3 s. due to him at the time he received this money.


                  GEORGE 
                  AUGUSTUS MILLS
               



            . I am son of Mr. Mills; my brother gave the prisoner five sovereigns and some silver. I saw him next morning; he told me he had shipped the wines and paid the charges, and was coming to bring the change directly; this was about half-past eight o'clock in the morning. I called at his lodgings again, about half-past nine - he was not at home. I did not see him again till the 11th of August, when he was taken - this money was never brought to account.


                  ANN 
                  SEAL
               



            . I keep a public-house in the Minories; the prisoner came to our house on the evening of the 18th of July, and called for half a pint of beer; he set down looking over some papers, and said he had to go to the City Canal early in the morning, and did not know whether he had not better go that night - he stopped about an hour, and then said he should like to leave his money with me, and call for it in the morning; he gave me four sovereigns wrapped in paper, but after that requested to have one back, and asked my husband to go a little way with him, as he was rather intoxicated; he said he belonged to Mr. Mills, and my husband took him there. He came back next morning, and had his money, and slept at our house, that and the next night.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended him, and told him I was desired, by Mr. Mills, to take him into custody; he burst into tears and said, he was extremely sorry for acting as he had, and begged I would allow him an interview with Mr. Mills. I took him there, but they would not hear him.


                  GEORGE 
                  AUGUSTUS MILLS
               



             re-examined. I spoke to him next morning, about withdrawing the money; he told me he had paid only 5 s. 6 d. charges, and was going to bring the change directly.
The prisoner in a long defence stated, that on returning from the Docks, he drank more wine than he should, it being a rainy day - and had tasted the wine he went to clear, which was very powerful; he found himself next morning at his lodgings, and missed most of his money - but recollected leaving it with Mr. Seal; there was still a deficiency which he could not make up, in consequence of which he did not return.
MR. MILLS re-examined. When we clear goods at the docks it is uncertain what the charges are; I thought there might be some deposit to make in order to clear the wine, which was my reason for giving him so much; he did the business we sent him to do.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
