





1075. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     KNIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of August
, one scarf, value 35 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Eliza 
                     Soulby
                  




               
            , widow
.
MRS. 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  SOULBY
               



            . I am a widow, and live at No. 4, Savage-gardens


. On Saturday, the 18th of August, I saw the scarf safe in the dining-room, and missed it between five and six o'clock in the evening. On the Thursday following I saw it at the Mansion House - the prisoner was in custody; he had come to the house on Wednesday, representing himself in distress, and knocked at the door for assistance; he came again on the Saturday, and again about four o'clock on that day, I saw him in the kitchen - my brother had promised to take him to the West Indies, if his character answered.


                  ISABELLA 
                  WHALE
               



            . I live at No. 46, Dean-street, East Smithfield. On the 18th of August, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I went to the Golden Anchor, public-house, Lower East Smithfield, for the newspaper, for my father to read; the prisoner came in, and offered the scarf for sale for 2 l. to the landlady. I gave him 29 s. for it. I am sure he is the man - he said he brought it from abroad, and I thought he was steward of a ship. On Wednesday, the 22d, the landlady sent for me, and told me it was stolen. I produced it at the Mansion-house.


                  PETER 
                  MANT
               



            . I apprehended him at Mrs. Soulby's. Whale produced the scarf, which the prosecutrix claimed.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            ,
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
