






1421. 
               
                  MARY 
                  PRICE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of September

, a watch, value 40 s.; a seal, value 40 s.; a key, value 20 s.; a ring, value 10 s., and a ribbon, value 3 d., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Clapp
                     



                  , in his dwelling-house
            ; and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SMITH, alias 
HENRY BULLER





             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
GEORGE CLAPP. I am coachman
 to Captain Swain, of Duke-street, Grosvenor-square. I met the prisoner Price in Bartholomew-fair, about nine o'clock in the evening of the 8th of September - we went about the fair, and had something to drink - we left it about half past eleven - I had been with her about six weeks before - I took her to my master's stable, No. 10, Portman-mews



; we got there about twelve - we slept together - I awoke about six in the morning, and missed my silver watch, a gold seal, key, and a ring, from under my head, under the pillow - she was gone, and had left the stable door open - I went and gave information, and found my watch, which was stopped at the pawnbroker's.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you know where this woman lived? A. No, the first time I was with her was at the stable - I had not given her any thing, but I should in the morning - I had 7 s. in my pocket, which she did not touch - she told me she was in service.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  TIMBRELL
               



            . I am an officer. On the 7th of September, about seven o'clock in the morning, the prosecutor came to my house, and gave me information - I went to the pawnbroker's, in Tothill-street, and stopped the watch; in about an hour Mr. Barnes came to me, and said, he had stopped the watch - I went to the house, and found James Smith there - I searched him, and found this watch, seal, and ribbon; he said, it was his brother's property - he did not say how long it had been his brother's; it was then in the possession of the pawnbroker, and the seal and ribbon were in his hat - he said, he knew nothing at all about it, they were all identified by the prosecutor - Smith was asked, if he had the key, and denied it - I was there when he said it was his brother's.


                  JAMES 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am in the employ of Graham and Stocks. On the morning of the 7th of September, about half-past seven o'clock, the prosecutor and the officer, came to our house and described the watch, seal, and key; about nine o'clock I went in to breakfast, and Mr. Stocks came in and asked me if I thought this was the watch; I said I thought it was; I went out and went to Timbrell; he said he thought it was; I then ran home; I said, "Who gave this watch?" the prisoner Smith said he did, and that it was his brother's, who lived in Oxford-road; I asked him if he had any seal or key belonging to it, as it was going, and lately would up; he said he had not. The officer came in and I gave him in custody.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he appear in great trepidation? A. No, not at all - he was not so much confused as I was.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
PRICE'S Defence. I picked up this man between ten and eleven o'clock, very much intoxicated, and then he left three other women - he took me to a booth in the fair, and shewed me a person who, he said, was his brother; hetook the watch from his pocket, in Oxford-street, and wound it up, and then gave it into my hand; I went with him to the stable, and I told him I could not stop all night. When I came away I could not awake him, but I came down stairs with the watch.
SMITH'S Defence. I am perfectly innocent of the crime. I have known this female six months and have gone backwards and forwards to her apartment; on the evening of the 6th of September, I had been at work, I went to the Fair, and drank a little freely; in coming home I suppose I sat down at the step of a door in Bloomsbury, and dropped asleep; when I awoke I went to the prisoner's lodgings; her door was not locked; I went in; she came home in the morning, and said she had been with a gentleman who had entrusted her with this watch, and she was to pawn it and return him the duplicate.
GEORGE CLAPP re-examined. Q. You had been at the Fair drinking? A. Yes, I had been there four or five hours - I had only had two small glasses of gin and a little beer: I am no drinker. Upon my oath I did not pull out this watch in the street - there was another girl with the prisoner, and she fared with us - she went with us to Regent-street - there were some other young girls in the Fair whom I did not know.
JURY. Q. Did any thing pass between you as to what you were to pay her? A. No, I had done no more than treated her - I should have paid her in the morning - I meant to have got up and gone home with her.
Seven witnesses gave Smith an excellent character.
PRICE - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
SMITH - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
Of stealing, but not from the person.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
