






1628. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  FOWLE
               




             and 
               
                  MARY ANN 
                  FOWLE
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of August
, 1 feather bed, value 1l.; 1 bolster, value 4s.; 2 pillows, value 4s.; 1 sheet, value 2s., and 1 looking-glass, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Lucy 
                  Ripley
               




            .
LUCY RIPLEY. I live in Pitt-street, Tottenham-court-road


. I let the prisoners my second floor furnished about a month before this happened - they lived there as man and wife: I went into their room on the 1st of August to ask for 10s. for rent, and missed these articles - they were both present; I asked where the things were - the man said "He should put all right on Saturday;" I said if he would give me any security I would not send for a constable, but I found a great deal more was missing.


                  MICHAEL 
                  COMERFORD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Tottenham-court-road. I have a bolster and pillow pawned by the male prisoner on the 17th of July.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Bayley, pawnbroker, of Marylebone-street - I have a pillow and sheet pawned by the female prisoner on the 14th and 19th of July.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GREENWOOD
               



            . I am a broker, and live in Union-street, Middlesex-hospital. I have a looking-glass which the male prisoner sold about the end of August.
JAMES HOPE. I am a broker. On the 22d or 23d of July the male prisoner offered me a bed for sale; he said he wanted to take some things out of pawn, as he was going into the country, and had lost his wife - having a hatband on, I thought it true, and bought it for 15s.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner WILLIAM FOWLE. I hope you will consider that it was by my order my wife did it.
WILLIAM FOWLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MARY ANN FOWLE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
