





Before Mr. Justice Burrough.
1376. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVISON alias 
THOMAS ROBERTS





             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 26th of June
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 2 seals, value 30s.; and 1 chain, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Crichton
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Elder
                     



; and that at the Delivery of the King's Goal of Newgate, on the 19th of June, in the 5th year of His Majesty's reign, he was convicted of felony.
WILLIAM CRICHTON. I am a journeyman baker
, and live at Thomas Elder's, in the parish of St. Martin's in the Fields


. On the 24th of June, the prisoner came to lodge there, and slept in the same bed with me; I gotup next morning about eight o'clock, and left my watch under the pillow while I was in bed - he returned and slept there next night, and about a quarter to eight in the morning I went down to wash, and went into the yard; I returned about a quarter past eight; he was then gone, and so was my watch - I found it in pledge; I gave 5l. 10s. for the watch, and 30s. for the seals - there was another person in the room.


                  DANIEL 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Archbut, pawnbroker, Bridge-road, Lambeth. On the 20th of June, about ten o'clock in the morning, the prisoner pawned this watch and one seal at our shop; I am certain he is the man.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ROBERT 
                  DUKE
               



            . The prisoner was delivered into my charge, on last Monday, on another charge; I produce the certificate of the conviction of William Davis, in June 1824, for felony (read).


                  HENRY 
                  BARBER
               



            . I was not here when the prisoner was tried before, but I received him from the Penitentiary on the 2d of May, after his trial; I knew him before, and saw him in prison before the trial.
Prisoner's Defence. When the prosecutor went down I was talking to a person; I got up and washed - then went down to the bar and had two glasses of gin - he must have been absent longer than he says.
GUILTY. Aged 29.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            , but not being the person before convicted.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
