





1183. 
               
                  
                     NICHOLAS 
                     THORP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of July
, a suit of boys clothes, value 5 s.; three shirts, value 2 s.; a night gown, value 6 d.; a cap, value 2 d., and a pinafore, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Michael 
                           Clokeley
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Amy 
                        Abbott
                     



.


                  AMY 
                  ABBOTT
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Sayer, of Tower-street. On the 25th of July, about eight o'clock at night, I was going home from Whitechapel with John Clokely, who is seven years old; his father's name is Michael. Opposite Whitechapel church


, a bundle was suddenly snatched from my arm by a man, it contained the property stated in the indictment; and he immediately ran up a court to the right. I saw it in half an hour at Spitalfields watch-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a watchman of Whitechapel. On the 25th of August, I saw the prisoner pass the end of Montague-street into Wentworth-street, with a bundle under his right arm; I followed him, and when I came up with him, he was in the hands of an officer; I first saw him about two hundred yards from Whitechapel church. Almond said, he had dropped a bundle, and I found it about thirty yards from where it was taken.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALMOND
               



            , On the 25th of July, about ten o'clock, I stopped the prisoner in Wentworth-street; he dropped the bundle when he saw me, and ran off; he fell, and I took him. The prosecutrix claimed it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A man ran by me and knocked me in the mud; then Almond laid hold of me and picked up the bundle; it was never in my possession.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
