





1221. 
               
                  
                     ROSINA 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for stealing, on the 20th of July
, two pair of bracelets, value 7 l.; one 


               necklace, value 1 l.; nine yards of poplin, value 36 s.; three yards of silk, value 15 s.; one petticoat, value 10 s.; one spencer, value 5 s.; one frill, value 4 s.; six yards of lace, value 50 s.; two veils, value 3 l.; one net dress, value 15 s.; two scent bottles, value 3 s.; one fruit knife, value 2 s.; and one cross and beads, value 2 s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Staff
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  SARAH 
                  STAFF
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Staff
               



            ; we live in Beaumont-row, Chelsea


. The prisoner lived servant
 of all work with me until Saturday, the 20th of July, and left about seven o'clock in the evening; she had lived seven months with me. I missed several things previous to her leaving; she laid the suspicion on the laundress, when I mentioned them to her, and the laundress gave up the washing in consequence of it; and after she was gone, I missed most of these things. I missed the jewellery about three days after the prisoner left - I missed two pair of gold bracelets and a necklace out of a drawer - I had lent them to my daughter to wear about Christmas, which was the last time I saw them. In consequence of missing them, I accompanied Handley and Cooper to search her box; she was then in service at the Foreign Office in Downing-street, with Mr. and Mrs. Mountain - I saw her there - she came to me at the area steps. The officers accused her of it, and we followed her immediately up into her room, and desired her to open her boxes, which she did. The officers took her boxes to the office, and they were sealed; I saw the property found there. I said nothing to induce her to confess.


                  EDWARD 
                  JOHN HANDLEY
               



            . I accompanied Mrs. Staff to the prisoner; she ran up stairs as fast as she could, as soon as we said Mrs. Staff had missed property. We followed her up. I saw her box opened, and produce it. I found in the kitchen drawer a book and some articles ofwearing apparel. I asked if the things in the drawer belonged to her, and she said they did - Mrs. Staff claimed them. I asked her whether the bracelets and necklace I found in her box belonged to her; she said they were given her by a young man who was dead, and she was in mourning for him - and a piece of poplin and a piece of silk she said were bought in Bond-street; but Mrs. Staff had given me two patterns with which they corresponded. She said the wearing apparel was her own, but Mrs. Staff claimed it. She was taken before the Magistrate and examined twice - I cannot be positive whether what she said was taken down or not.
MRS. STAFF. The bracelets match exactly with an earring I have brought with me - I swear they are mine; here is a necklace and a pair of bracelets, worth 3 l. at least, they were taken out of one drawer; the wearing apparel was in twelve different places, and taken at different times. There is no one article worth above 40 s. but the necklace and earrings.
Cross-examined by MR. NORTON. Q. Have you lived at Chelsea all the time she was with you - A. Yes; my husband is not there a month at a time; he has not been in the house since. The last time I saw the bracelets they were in my daughter's possession - she had them on about Christmas; I believe they were taken from her drawer; she is nineteen years old, and has nothing to do with the domestic concerns. I keep but one servant - I paid the prisoner her wages on the 20th of July.
Q. Had you not sent her to borrow some money in order to pay her - A. Yes; I never told her I would give her some things instead of money. I gave her a good character, because I thought she deserved it.
COURT. Q. Did you hear her say how she came by the jewellery - A. Yes; she said a young man named Fisher, who was dead, gave it to her. The necklace and bracelets might have been put away separate - a single one is not worth 40 s.
GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Richardson.
