





778. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of March
, 1 bag, value 3d.; 2 songs, value 1/2d.; 4 half-crowns, 7 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 31/2d. in copper monies, the property of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Townsend
                     




                  , from his person
            .
EDWARD TOWNSEND. I live in Mount-street, and am a labourer
. The prisoner and I slept at the Dog and Duck, public-house, in Tottenham-court-road


, on Thursday the 2d of March; I had but just gone there to lodge: we went to bed together between eleven and twelve o'clock; I had four half-crowns, seven shillings and nine-pence half-penny, loose in my right-hand breeches-pocket, and two songs and a purse in the left; when I went to bed I looked at the money, and saw it was all right - he did not see me; I put my breeches under my pillow - he got up and went away about six o'clock - I got up between six and seven, when I found my breeches removed, and all the money was gone; there was another man in the room; we examined every where but could not find it; I saw the bag next day, but all the money was gone.
Prisoner. Q. Did not two other persons sleep in the room? A. Yes - and they were examined; they have slept there these two years.
Q. Did not some more men come into the room about twelve o'clock? A. No; those two men came in before we went to sleep - the door was fastened by a chair.


                  IVORY 
                  DEAN
               



            . I had a charge against the prisoner for stealing a great coat, and he was taken before Serjeant Pell, at Pinner. on Friday evening, but we could not make any hand of that; I then brought him to town to the Dog and Duck, and he was charged with this crime; this money had been produced before Serjeant Pell, and a purse, which he threw away in coming to town, but I did not see him throw it away; he was taken to Marlborough-street that evening.
Prisoner. Q. Did not I lie in Pinner-cage on Friday evening? A. Yes; as I returned home I found the bag down a privy - I brought it back to Marlborough-street the same evening.


                  GEORGE 
                  SIMMS
               



            . Schofield gave me information on the Friday evening, and I took the prisoner on Saturday, the 4th March; I took him into the Dog and Duck, and searched him - I found on him two half-crowns, two sixpences, threepence three farthings, and two songs, but no bag or purse.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . The prosecutor made an application at Marlborough-street. I went to the Dog and Duck public-house, and found the statement correct; I told Simms what to do; and on the following evening the prisoner was brought to Marlborough-street; I asked him what he had done with the bag; he said he had thrown it away at a house on the road; I directed the witness to go back and look down the privy; and on the following Tuesday he brought it.


                  EDWARD 
                  TOWNSEND
               



            . This is my bag; I had put some tobacco in it which still remains.
Prisoner's Defence. I lodged there with another young man; on the Thursday night I lodged with the prosecutor,I went out the next morning about six o'clock; and was taken into custody; I came to town and went to the Dog and Duck to shew where I had lodged, and there I was accused of having taken the money; I had bought the songs in Oxford-street; I had never spoken to the officer; but he said I had confessed that I had it; there were a great many people in the house at Kensull-green, which is a kind of half-way house for farmers who come to London.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
