






1705. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     GIBBS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Augustus 
                           Haywood
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  AUGUSTUS 
                  HAYWOOD
               



            . I live in Gray's Inn-road. On the 24th of July, about two o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Beech-street, Barbican


 - I put my hand into my pocket to use my handkerchief, and missed it - it was safe twenty minutes before; a gentleman almost immediately came up and gave me information - the prisoners at that time had run away; I joined in pursuit, and laid hold of Jones in a court in Upper Whitecross-street - he took his hat off, and handed me the handkerchief, saying, "Pray, Sir, is this your handkerchief?" I said it was, and kept him; they had run in different directions; I saw Gibbs in about ten minutes - I had not seen them near me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARDING
               



            . I live in Tower-street, Westminster-road. I was in Beech-street, on the opposite side to Haywood, and saw the two prisoners following him about the length of two houses - and nearly opposite Beech-lane I saw Gibbs take the handkerchief out of his pocket and give it to Jones who put it into his breast, under his coat; they passed on to the corner of the lane; I saw the prosecutor feeling for his handkerchief - I heard one of them say, "He is nobbing for it;" they directly ran down the lane; Haywood came over to me and we pursued; they divided - I saw Jones run down a court, and called to the prosecutor to tell him; I was close behind him when he took him; he gave the handkerchief from his hat - he had changed it from his breast; he said, "Is this yours Sir?"


                  JOHN 
                  WILEY
               



            . I am a constable. I saw the prisoners running down Beech-lane together; I followed them into a court into Redcross-street - I ran round Redcross-street, and apprehended Gibbs in Whitecross-street; I found Jones in custody, and took them to the Compter; I found a handkerchief in Jones' hat, which has not been claimed; he said it was his own.
Jones's Defence. There was rather a shorter boy than this before me; I was ten or twelve yards behind him - I saw the handkerchief drop and picked it up - being out of work, I put it into my breast and turned down Whitecross-street; they called Stop thief! I thought I might get away with the handkerchief, which would fetch me 1s. or 2s. - the gentleman called after me; I asked if it was his - he said Yes; and if I would give it him I might go.
Gibbs's Defence. I know nothing of Jones.
GIBBS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Life
            .
