





1063. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CLIFFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of August
, one handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of a certain 
                     man unknown


                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRADING
               



            . I live with Mr. Paley, at No. 76, Holborn-bridge. On Friday, the 11th of August, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I was going from my master's house down Newgate-street, and saw the prisoner, in company with another person; they followed me at some distance, then went before me, and crossed the way - I suspected, and watched them; they followed a gentleman, who was going towards Cheapside; they looked about them, and then left him. Another gentleman came down the street, going towards Skinner-street - they turned, and followed him; he went down Butcherhall-lane, they left him, went towards Cheapside, and followed another gentleman, and as I crossed into Cheapside


 I got near to them; I saw the prisoner stoop, and take a handkerchief out of a gentleman's pocket - he was crossing the road, putting it into his breeches, and I went after him, and told him what he had done - he denied it. I seized him, and took him into Crawford's shop, undid his breeches, and took it out. I ran, but could not find the gentleman. I do not know who he was. I have seen the prisoner's companion since.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am a constable. I took charge of the prisoner in Crawford's shop.
Prisoner's Defence. I had left my master in St. Ann's-lane, and came to Newgate-street, to look for my sister; I could not find her, returned towards Cheapside, and two young men, taller than myself, dropped the handkerchief. I picked it up, called after them, then blew my nose with it, and put it into my breeches.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
