





740. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WEST
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of May
, a deal box, value 5 s., and thirty straw bonnets, value 17 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Sykes
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to belong to 
               
                  John 
                  Lacey
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  LACEY
               



            . I am a straw hat maker
, and live in Cranbourn-street, Leicester-square. 
               
                  William 
                  Sykes
               



keeps the Catherine Wheel Inn-yard, Bishopsgate-street




. I had sent a quantity of plait to Braintree, to be made into bonnets, and expected them to be returned. The prisoner formerly lived servant
 with me, and had left about three weeks - he had fetched goods from the Inn for me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SYKES
               



            . I keep the Catherine Wheel Inn-yard - the Braintree waggon comes there. On Saturday morning, the 3d of May, about five o'clock, the waggon came in - it had a box directed to Mr. Lacey. The prisoner came early that morning, and asked for Mr. Lacey's box; I delivered it to him, not knowing that he had left Mr. Lacey - he paid 2 d. for booking, and took it away. Mr. Lacey sent for it two hours after, and I said I had delivered it. I saw him in custody on the Tuesday, and am certain of him. The box has not been found.


                  SAMUEL 
                  COLLIS
               



            . I am a straw bonnet maker at Braintree. I sent the thirty-two bonnets to Mr. Lacey, by the waggon, on Friday, the 2d of May, and next week I received a letter about them. They cost 17 l.


                  CHARLES 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on Tuesday, at a coffee shop in Drury-lane, about twelve o'clock in the day. I told him I took him about some bonnets - he said,
"You can do nothing with me, I did not fetch them.
Prisoner's Defence. I am perfectly innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
