






2062. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  WHITFIELD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, 1 spoon, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Beardmore
               




            .
MR. QUIN conducted the prosecution.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  FULLER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Warren, who has the use of Mr. Joseph Beardmore's house and furniture, in Canonbury-square


; the prisoner was Mr. Beardmore's coachman's wife, and was employed between five and six o'clock, on the 20th October, in cleaning knives in the house; she had been occasionally employed there before - I missed a spoon after she was gone; the officer brought it; it is marked J. M. B.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Islington. On Saturday evening, the 20th of October, about six o'clock, the prisoner pawned this table-spoon, in the name of White - I knew her before, and knew her to be Mr. Beardmore's coachman's wife.


                  THOMAS 
                  COPE
               



            . I searched the prisoner, and found some duplicates on her.
Prisoner's Defence. The cook gave me some cold vegetables; it was dark, and when I went to warm them at home, I found this spoon in the middle of them; it being Saturday night, I did not know how to get victuals for my children, and I borrowed 2s. on it, intending to redeem it on Monday, and carry it back; the pawnbroker valued it at 10s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . She only asked for 2s. - I asked if it was her own; she said, "It is my own to be sure, whose did you think it was?" - I thought she had been sent to pawn it - I had no idea of its being stolen; she always pawned in the name of White; the initials on it are J. M. B.
ELIZABETH FULLER. The spoon was in the kitchen when I was washing the dishes - I cannot say where she took it from - I was allowed to give her food, but am sure I did not give her the spoon in the vegetables.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            . (See page 779.)
