






London Cases, Before Mr. Recorder.
1356. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILLIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     SHAW
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of October
, two butter-flats, value 5 s., and 80 lbs. of butter, value 3 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Parker
                  



               
            .
FOUR OTHER COUNTS, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Hudson
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jennings
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Summers
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Green
               



            .
MR. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  PARKER
               



            . I live at Byster, in Oxfordshire. On the 7th of October, I sent some flats of butter to town by Hudson, the waggoner - they would arrive on the 9th; some of them were for Mr. Jennings - there were tickets on the flats. I have seen these tickets and flats since.
Cross-examined. Q. Were the tickets in the butter - A. There is always one inside the flat, and another outside; they correspond with the quantity of butter sent - they are put in by the dairy-man, whose writing I know. Cooper and Wilson belong to the butter sent for Jennings.


                  JOHN 
                  HUDSON
               



            . I drive a waggon for Mr. Parker. I got to Newgate-market at a quarter past five o'clock in the morning, and brought the flats in the same state as I received them - I delivered them to Shaw. The two brought here now are two of those I delivered to him - they were directed to Mr. Jennings.
Cross-examined. Q. You do not know how many you brought - A. No, nor how many I gave Shaw. I can tell that none were stolen on the road by the loading.


                  HENRY 
                  PYBUS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. J. Jennings, of Newgate Market. On the 9th of October, between five and six o'clock, we received butter from several dairies, but none from the prosecutor - I expected some from him. My master lives at Islington, but his stall is in the market.


                  GEORGE 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I keep a wine-vaults, in Ivy-lane. I know the prisoners by sight, Willis was a porter, and Shaw was a jobbing porter. On the 9th of October, between five and six o'clock in the morning, I saw them at my house - they each brought in a flat. I do not know what they contained, but they were heavy - they had a quartern of gin. Shaw went away, and Willis said they wanted somebody to carry these two flats of butter up to the Pitt's Head, public-house, Old-street, and that he would meet the man there with them. Pashley came in, and I sent him with them to the Pitt's Head - the waggons unload in Ivy-lane,
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Was Willis there when Pashley came in - A. No, he went away. Shaw was gone before Willis spoke about them.


                  THOMAS 
                  PASHLEY
               



            . I am a porter. On the 9th of October, Mr. Stevens employed me to take these flats of butter to the Pitt's Head, Old-street. I afterwards saw Turnpenny there. After I got in, Shaw came in, and said
"That is all right" - I had not spoken to him. In about eight minutes, Willis came in, and said
"D - n your old eyes, you ought to have been here sooner, or have nothing for your trouble." Turnpenny came and took them in charge. I took the flats.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. They had not been opened at all - A. No.


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . On the 9th of October, I accompanied Mr. Summers to the Pitt's Head, and found the butter in the passage, and Pashley there, and in about a minute I saw Shaw - I was concealed behind the door, and came forwards. The porter said to me,
"That is him." I waited a little, and Willis came in. I then went out of the parlour, and said to them both
"Do you belong to this butter?" they both denied knowing anything of it. I had the flats opened in their presence, and there were two notes in them, with Cooper's name on them, and the quanty contained in each flat.
MR. BERESFORD. I was present before the Alderman, when the prisoner were examined. Mr. Payne, who is ill, took down what they said. I know his writing - my recollection enables me to say it is taken correct. Shaw said he received three flats out of a narrow wheeled cart in Newgate-market, and was ordered to take them to a Mr. Stevens. Willis said he merely assisted him to carry them.


                  RICHARD 
                  WAGER
               



            . I am a porter. I know Shaw. On the 9th of October, about a quarter to six o'clock in the morning, I saw Shaw turning the corner of Hope-passage, leading from the market into Ivy-lane, in a direction to Stevens's, with two flats of butter on his shoulder; a man whom I do not know came up to him, and took the top flat from his shoulder; he walked half way down the passage with it, then turned round to Shaw, and said
"Come on nobby," Shaw said
"No, d - n my eyes, it won't do this morning;" the other man said
"Never mind, come on," and they went off together in the same direction, and went into Stevens's.


                  HENRY 
                  PYBUS
               



             re-examined. Shaw goes by the name of nobby - he had no orders to go to Steven's.


                  JAMES 
                  PARKER
               



            . The tickets on these flats are in the usual writing that comes with the butter.
(Flats produced and sworn to.)
SHAW'S Defence. The waggoner says he delivered it to me, but they are always pitched on the pavement.
WILLIS'S Defence. Shaw asked me to carry the flat into Stevens's, and get them sent to the Pitt's Head.
SHAW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
WILLIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
