





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
1376. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     IRWIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               bigamy
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  BARNET 
                  WINSLADE
               



            . I am parish clerk of St. John, Westminster, and produce the marriage register, by which it appears that on the 2d of February, 1817, 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Irwin
               



            , was married to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Bilton
               



            , spinster.


                  ANN 
                  WARNER
               



            . I am the sister of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Bilton
               



            , and witnessed this marriage - the prisoner is the man who married her; she is now alive.


                     HANNAH 
                     CLEVERLY
                  



               
            . I knew the prisoner for some time by the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Johnston
               



            , and on the 11th of December, 1819
, was married to him at Islington


 church; he said he was a batchelor. I was living with my uncle, who is a tradesman, and have lived in gentlemen's families. He lived three years and three months with me, and travelled with goods. I have no family.
Prisoner. She took my property to her friends, and then led me such a life, I could not live with her - Witness, It is false. He got all the property he could from my relations. Not being able to write himself I conducted his correspondence, and always gave him a regular account; he never complained of my squandring his property. I never parted with money unknown to him.
Prisoner's Defence. My first wife was a prostitute in the streets. I had just returned from the East Indies, and picked her up, and through her friends persuasions, I married her.


                  ANN 
                  WARNER
               



            . My sister was in service when he married her - she was not a prostitute.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
