







1458. 
               
                  MARY 
                  KANE
               




            , 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  CLARK
               




            , and 
               
                  JANE 
                  SMITH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of August
, a purse, value 1 s.; four sovereigns, and three half-crowns, the property of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Upjohn
                     




                  , from her person
            .
ELIZABETH UPJOHN. I am a widow
. I was in Albemarle-street, Clerkenwell


, between seven and eight o'clock on the evening of the 9th of August; a little boy was with me; two women hustled me about, and this man stood before me, and would not let me go on - the woman Smith was very close to me, pressing upon me - they appeared to me to be all in company - I then asked the man to let me go forward, which he did; and when! got a little forward, I missed my purse - I then went after them, and the officer shewed them to me, but I thought it was of no use to go back - I saw my purse afterwards at Hatton-garden, it had four sovereigns, three half-crowns, and some other silver in it.


                  ANGELIOUS 
                  BERTRAM
               



            . I am an officer. I was in Oxford-street, and saw the prisoners Clarke and Smith, with another man, who is not in custody; I watched them down as far as Leather-lane, where they called for Mary Kane; they then went on towards Albemarle-street, where I saw the prosecutrix - they went up to her, and Kane put her hand into her left hand pocket, the man stood in front of her, and Smith was on the other side - when they got on to the end of the street, Kane put her hand to her pocket again; I crossed over and saw the prosecutrix lift up her hands, and say, "Good God! I am robbed;" I told her what I had seen, and my brother officer followed them to St. John-street, where we pushed them into a potatoe warehouse, and found the purse.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I was with Bertram - I saw Kane put her right hand into Mrs. Upjohn's left hand pocket, and take something - I sent Bertram to ask what she had lost - I followed them up St. John-street; we there pushed all the three into a potatoe warehouse, and Kane dropped the purse at her feet.

SMITH'S Defence. We did not know what we went to the watch-house for.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 58.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
KANE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 78.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 74.





               Confined One Year
            .
