





1468. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  LOVEGROVE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of July
, part of a watch-chain, value 28s.; 1 seal, value 7s.; 1 key, value 4s., and 1 ring, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Webb
                     




                  , from his person
            .
SAMUEL WEBB. I am a master mariner
, and live at Ratcliff. On the 7th of July, about ten minutes to twelve o'clock, I was in Ratcliff-highway


; the prisoner came up on my left side, and pulled at my watch; I think it was the prisoner, but did not see his face. The chain broke; he got that, with the seal and key; I ran after him - there were two or three others; I called Stop thief! and the prisoner was taken by a blacksmith - I had lost sight of him in turning Gravel-lane, but caught sight of him again directly; there were from four to six running with him - nothing was found on him when he was taken, which was within a minute and a half. I was robbed about one hundred yarns from Gravel-lane.


                  JOHN 
                  SHIELDS
               



            . I am a Thames Police surveyor. I was in Ratcliff-highway, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running, and followed him till he was stopped - I had lost sight of him for about half a minute; he was running first, but there were others close after him - I did not see Webb till I brought him back; when he came up he said, "This is the rascal who took my seal and key - search him;" I did so at the watch-house, but nothing was found on him; he said he was running home to Lower Chapman-street, but he was going quite a contrary way.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to my sister's - a mob gathered; the gentleman had lost his seals, and was going to take me, as he said he thought I was the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
