





1072. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of June
, one padlock, value 6 d., and one key, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Gough
                        




                     
                  ; and one fixture, (i.e.) one copper, value 15 s., his property, and fixed to a dwelling-house belonging to him
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be fixed to a building.
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  GOUGH
               



            . I have a house in Hoxton-square


. I do not live in it.


                  EDWARD 
                  HENRY GOUGH
               



            . I went to my father's house on the 5th of June, in the morning, and found the copper taken from the front kitchen; the brick-work appeared fresh - and a padlock and key were taken off the wine cellar door. I had seen it safe two days before.


                  JOHN 
                  TWEEDY
               



            . I am an officer of St. Luke's. On the 5th of June, about half-past six o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner going down Golden-lane with the copper on his head; I followed him into a marine store shop in Playhouse-yard with it, and asked where he got it; he said he knew nothing at all about it. I asked the woman of the shop if it was hers - she hesitated a long while, and wanted to fetch her husband. I said I would have an answer; and at last she said it did. I told her to be very careful what she was about, as she knew me - her name is Hulmer; she then said,
"I will tell you the truth, it does not." I took the prisoner to the watch-house, and found the padlock in his coat pocket; he said he picked it up a morning or two ago, but did not say where. I found two keys and a knife on him, which appear to have been used at brickwork; and in his inner coat pocket I found a skeleton key. We advertised and found out Mr. Gough.


                  JAMES 
                  HANDLEY
               



            . I am a constable. I took the copper to Mr. Gough's house, and fitted it to the brick-work; it fits exactly with it as well as with the lid, which was left behind - the skeleton key opens the door.


                  MARY 
                  STAFFORD
               



            . I was servant at the house the copper was stolen from; we had removed to Bishopsgate-street. I know the padlock belongs to the house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
