






1024. THE SAID 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KERMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WATSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, 1 chaise harness, value 4l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Wall
               




            .
JOHN KEMPSTER. I am in the employ of Mary Wall. I left her harness safe on Good Friday night, about a quarter before eight o'clock - I went the next morning, and the stable was broken; the harness was gone - I saw it again at the watch-house a week or a fortnight after - it has my mistress' name on it.


                  JAMES 
                  COLLINS
               



            . Kerman came to me about some other harness; I went for that, and he said he had another thing set, which he would show me another time - I said I had plenty of money, and we went to Montague-street; he pulled the harness from under a bed, in a bag - I agreed to give him 45s. for it; I gave him 2s. 6d - we went to a public-house, and had something to drink; I was to meet him in Dorset-street in an hour - I went and told Mr. Wall and the officer of it; Mr. Wall got the horse and cart, and we took the harness.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALL
               



            . This is Mary Wall's harness; I saw Kerman eat the note at the watch-house - we made every exertion to save it.


                  THOMAS 
                  HART
               



            . I went and took this harness in the cart; I saw Kerman chewing the paper, but could not see what it was.
KERMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years, to commence from the expiration of his former term
            .
WATSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
