






1259. 
               
                  
                     REBECCA 
                     BAILEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of May
, 2 half-crowns, 1 shilling, and 2 sixpences, the monies of 
                     
                        Timothy 
                        Neil
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  TIMOTHY 
                  NEIL
               



            . I am a cooper
, and live in Hinton-street, Bethnal-green - I am married
. I met the prisoner in Whitechapel, on the evening of the 28th of May - she asked for something to drink, which I did not object to; there was another female with her - I offered to go to a house in Whitechapel; they said there was better liquor up a turning - we went up; they sent for the liquor, and the prisoner took two half-crowns, two shillings, and two sixpences from me - they pressed me to go to bed, but I would not; I took off my jacket, and they tried to get out - I said I would not let them go out; I seized the prisoner, and she threw down sixpence on the floor - they then said if I did not go out they would get two men to put me out - they got me out and threw stones and bricks at me; I cried Watch! but the watchman did not come- I cried Murder! and then Mr. Lee came by, and took them.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer. I was passing Georgeyard, between nine and ten o'clock - I heard a cry of Murder! went up and saw the prisoner and three others throwing stones at the prosecutor; I took the prisoner, and the others went away - I found two half-crowns in her bosom at the watch-house.
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that she was passing and stopped to look at the prosecutor, who was very much intoxicated, and quarrelling with some girls, and that he turned suddenly round and charged her with robbing him, but she had not been with him.
JURY to 
               
                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . Q.Was the prosecutor tipsy? A. He had been drinking, but was quite sensible.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  NEIL
               



            . I had had but two pints of beer when I met the prisoner - I walked with Mr. Lee to the watch-house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Life
            .
