






2044. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WEST
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     LILLEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of September
, 1 pair of shoes, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Creasey
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  CREASEY
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live in Seymour-street


. On the 10th of September I left my boy in the shop - while I was out these shoes were taken.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . On the 10th of September I was with Rierdon - we watched the two prisoners for a few minutes - they stopped at a pawnbroker's; West left the other, and went into the shop - I followed him, and saw him with these shoes on the counter; I went to the door, and told Rierdon to go on - he went and took Lilley, who was then going away; I went and asked West where he got the shoes - he said a young man at the door gave them to him to pawn; I asked if he ever saw that young man before - he said No: I took him to the door, and said, "Is this the young man?" he said No; I said,"I saw you in conversation with him" - I took them to the office; I did not know who they belonged to, but I saw the name of E. Driver, Esq. on them, looked in the Court Guide, and found him.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. You saw the shoes in the shop? A. Yes - that was the first I saw of them; he denied that Lilley was the person who gave them to him.


                  DANIEL 
                  RIERDON
               



            . I was outside, and took Lilley - I found nothing on him.
West's Defence. There was nothing but "Driver" on the shoes; I told the officer the person was waiting at the corner of the street, and if he would allow me to go to the corner I should be able to clear myself - he said, "No, I have got you;" in going to the watch-house he said,"Why don't you, like a good lad, say he gave them to you?" I said, "I will not bring an innocent lad into trouble;" the person asked me where the nearest pawnbroker's was - I said I would pawn them; he said pawn them for 5s. in the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Ring
               



            , Pancras-street.
JURY to FRANCIS KEYS. Q. Did he ask you to go to Pancras-street? A. Yes, but I did not, because I had seen him with the other.
WEST - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LILLEY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
