





665. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  AVERY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously marrying 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Haydon
                     



                  , his former wife being then alive, and that on the 17th of March
, at St. Giles


, he was apprehended for the said felony
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GEORGE PAUX
               



            . I am officiating clerk of St. Mary-le-bone - I have the register of that parish; here is a register of the marriage of Samuel Avery and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Kidd
               



            , by bans, on the 16th of March, 1819, attested by two witnesses.


                  GEORGE 
                  BLOUNT
               



            . I live in the family of Lord Bradford, as cook. I know the prisoner; the signature to this register is his hand-writing.


                  ANN 
                  BECKLEY
               



            . I know the prisoner, and know Ann Kidd; they were fellow-servants of mine at Sir 
               
                  Henry 
                  Wilson
               



            's, of Chelsea-park; they afterwards lodged with me, as man and wife, and had two children - they came to live with me about two years ago, and afterwards lived next door.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. And how long did they live with you, or next door? A. Till within the last month or six weeks, when the prisoner came up from the country to see his wife, who was lodging at my house - she is now alive; I saw her on the 1st of this month.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLARKE
               



            . I keep a wine-vaults in Oxford-street. I know the prisoner; he brought Mary Haydon to me as his wife, they came and lodged at my house, as man and wife, for one week. I never heard him say any thing about any other marriage.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough-street. I apprehended the prisoner on Thursday, the 17th of March, in Little Earl-street, Seven Dials - I told him he was charged with having two wives; he at first denied it, but afterwards at the office he said,
"I want to speak to you," and said,
"What had I better do, had I better confess it;" I said,
"You know best whether it is in the books or not;" he said,
"Then it is so in the books, and I shall confess it, it is true - we were married at St. Mary-le-bone six years ago, and have two children;" he afterwards said to Clarke, in my presence,
"I shall throw myself on the mercy of the law, or the mercy of the Court."
Cross-examined. Q. Did not you say to this man,
"You had better tell the truth?" A. No, I am quite positive I did not; his wife came to the office on the evening before, with the register in her hand; she was not examined at all upon her oath.
MARY HAYDON. About the beginning of this year I lived about one mile from the Earl of Bradford's - the prisoner solicited me in marriage; he represented himself as single; I married him at Blynhill, in Staffordshire.
GEORGE BLOUNT. I was present at the marriage of this young woman and the prisoner, on the 24th of February last, at Blynhill.
MARY HAYDON re-examined. Q. How long did you live with the prisoner? A. About one month; he came to town, and staid about one month after he married me; he was living with me in London when he was taken up; he was very kind to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
