





857. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  BANNISTER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of March
, 1 brooch, value 16s., and 1 frill, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Peter 
                        Hebert
                     



                  , from the person of Mary Ann, his wife
            .


                  MARY ANN 
                  HEBERT
               



            . I am the wife
 of Peter Hebert; he is a tailor
, and lives in Broad-street, Bloomsbury. On Monday evening, the 5th of March, I went out about half-past eight o'clock, to get a pint of beer from the public-house at the corner of Plumbtree-street - I asked the young man for the newspaper, and while he was looking for it I saw the prisoner by my side, looking stedfastly at me - I was surprised at it; I came out of the public-house, and when I got half way home she came up to me, and tore my frill off my neck, which had a gold brooch in it- I called the watchman - he had just got out of his box, and stopped her - I had not lost sight of her; the brooch was found in the passage of the watch-house.


                  SARAH 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am the wife of the watch-housekeeper - the prisoner was brought there; and about half-past nine o'clock another person was brought in, very tipsy; another person came in with a pane of glass in his hand; the beadle turned him out, and the glass was broken - I asked him to lend me the lantern to pick up the glass, and I found this brooch in the passage.


                  DENNIS 
                  SULLIVAN
               



            . I am a watchman. I took the prisoner, and we went through the passage where this brooch was found.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was not in the public-house. I was going up the street, and heard the cry of Stop thief! the watchman was opening his box, and asked me what was the matter; I said I did not know, and then this woman came up, and said I had robbed her; she made a noise at me, and I said, "Don't make a noise - give charge of me;" there was another girl there, and she said it was either her or me, and then she said she would prosecute me.
M. A. HEBERT. There was another girl who went into the watch-house with her; I did not say it was either her or the prisoner; I can swear positively to the prisoner; I had not lost sight of her. When we were at the watch-house I said, as my brooch was a family one, "If you will give it me you may go about your business." I said there had been other women in the public-house, but it was the prisoner who looked so hard at me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
