






1324. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WELLER
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 22d of September
, one coat, value 12 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Evelyn Pierpoint 
                     Meadows
                  




               
            , Esq
.


                  HANNAH 
                  TODD
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Evelyn 
                  Pierpoint Meadows
               



            , who lives in Charles-street, Berkley-square


, the coat was stolen from the passage.


                  GEORGE 
                  NORTHEDGE
               



            . I was painting Mr. Meadow's stairs, about half-past five o'clock in the evening I opened the street door to give me light. Soon after two people came, and asked if any shavings were wanted. I said ring the bell, and you will be answered. They came farther into the passage, and requested me to go and ask the servant, which induced me to turn my head round, and seeing them in the middle of the passage, I said if they did not ring the bell I must shut the door, as it was opened for my convenience. They rang, and were answered from the area. Presently another person came, and enquired for the housekeeper, I told her to ring, but on turning round I saw one of the two in the passage who came before with the same basket of shavings; he went away very nimbly. I kept working on, and in a few minutes after that, I saw something cross the light behind me, and saw one of the prisoners with the coat in his hand going out. I called to him, he dropped the coat on the steps of the door. I immediately ran after him, called Stop thief! He was stopped in Berkeley-square, without my losing sight of him. An officer stopped him. It was Smith.


                  JAMES 
                  JEFFREY
               



            . On the 22d of September, about half-past five o'clock I and Lee were coming across Berkeley-square, and saw the prisoner in conversation with another, about four doors from Mr. Meadows's. We went to the Running Footman, public-house, opposite. Lee was in the tap-room, and I up stairs. Before I got to the window, I heard the cry of Stop thief! I stopped Weller with the basket in his hand.
WM. LEE. I was in the tap-room, heard the cry, ran towards Hill-street, and met Northedge with Smith in custody.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WELLER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
