






507. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     DONOVAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ATKINS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of January
, two handkerchiefs, value 6 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Pike
                  




               
            .


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  Edward 
                  Pike
               



            , a linen-draper
, of Ratcliff-highway


. On the 18th of January, between five and six o'clock in the evening, the prisoners came into the shop together; Atkins looked at some silk handkerchiefs, I shewed her two, she took them up, looked at them, and laid them down, then took up another piece, and laid something over them. Donovan was close to her - she fixed on another pattern, and told me to cut one off, and she would pay 6 d. on it, and call next morning for it. While I was cutting it off, I saw he draw the two from under the piece off the counter, and put them on the floor; she then said to Donovan,
"Look at my boot, and see how it is wearing out;" Donovan immediately stooped down. I knocked at the parlour door, and Chapman came out.


                  CHARLES 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am shopman to the prosecutor. Clark knocked at the door, and said he thought Donovan had some handkerchiefs in her apron; she was holding her apron up, and had some tea-cups and saucers in it - I went towards her, and saw her drop the two handkerchiefs out of one side of her apron; Clark picked them up - they were taken in charge immediately.
DONOVAN'S Defence. He has taken a false oath - he never saw me drop it.
ATKIN'S Defence. He swears quite wrong.
DONOVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
ATKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
