





1500. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DANIELS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, a watch, value 5 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Durken
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Currie
                     



.


                  EDWARD 
                  DURKEN
               



            . I am a watchman of Piccadilly
, and lodge with 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Currie
               



             in Black Lion-court, St. James's


. On the 7th of September, about six o'clock in the morning, I went to bed, and hung my watch over the bed head: the prisoner was in bed in the room - he had lodged there for a fortnight; I awoke between eleven and twelve o'clock, and missed it; I pointed him out in the street - he was secured, and 9 s. 9 d. found on him, and the duplicate of my watch was in his fob.


                  JOHN 
                  VIRGO BUCKLAND
               



            . I am an officer. On the 7th of September, between twelve and one o'clock, Durken pointed the prisoner out to me at the corner of Black Lion-court; I found 9 s. 9 d., and the duplicate of the watch in his fob.


                  LAUNCELOT 
                  WILD
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker, who lives in Broad-street, St. Giles's; the prisoner pawned the watch between eight and nine o'clock in the morning,in the name of Davis, Old Compton-street - it is worth 25 s.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 27.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
