






362. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     WIGLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     GILES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of February
, forty yards of ribbon, value 11 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Blackhall
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  BLACKHALL
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Blackhall
               



            , of Little Distaff-lane. I sell ribbons - Wigley came into my shop on Friday last, about one o'clock; I was in the shop alone; she asked for some narrow ribbons - I cut one yard off for her, which came to a penny. The other ribbons were in the window, but not within her reach, unless she undrew a curtain - she had a child with her, and tied the child's shoe with the ribbon, and while she was doing so, Giles came in, but did not speak to her - she asked for some satin ribbon to trim her bonnet; I went round the counter, and shewed her the ribbons, which hung in the window, but took none out. She hesitated about them - Wigley then asked if I had any black ribbon to trim her bonnet; I said I had purple which would do as well, she would not have it, and asked the price of some caps on the counter, and tried one on - I turned my head from Giles now and then, but did not leave her. Giles offered 1 s. 9 d. for three yards of ribbon, which I could not take - she kept hesitating, and then I found Wigley was going; I looked to see if the caps were all safe; by that time she had got close to Giles, and stood with her back to her - she appeared pulling down her own shawl; I saw her countenance change, which induced me to watch her; she immediately left the shop - Giles kept holding the ribbon. At that moment my husband came in, and before he entered the door, he asked me where the ribbons were, which had hung in the window - I then missed a piece, and asked Giles if she had got it, she said, No. My husband went for an officer, who came; I told him another woman had been there, and described her - we went after her; she was found in half an hourafter. Giles was searched in my presence, and five or six halfpence found upon her - she had not got 1 s. 9 d. We let her go, not finding the property on her. I missed the purple ribbon, which I had offered her - nobody but them had been in the shop. Giles denied all knowledge of Wigley while she was in the shop. They were both apprehended together in a gin shop; she then said Wigley was her sister-in-law. Wigley had then changed her bonnet and shawl.


                  JOHN 
                  BLACKHALL
               



            . When I came home, I found Giles in the shop, with a ribbon in her hand, looking at it. I said to my wife,
"Have not you lost a ribbon;" she said, No, but on looking round, she found she had. I ran for an officer, who went in search of Wigley. We let Giles go and she left her address, and in half an hour, we found them together, in a gin-shop in Shoemaker-row - she had told me she lived opposite the gin-shop. She denied all knowledge of Wigley in the shop, but afterwards said she was her sister-in-law. Wigley said nothing - she did not hear Giles say this. They were given in charge.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  MINES
               



            . I was sent for, and took the prisoners. I knew them before - they were acquainted together.
WIGLEYS'S Defence. My mother-in-law sells fish in Shoemaker-row - she left me in care of it. My sister-in-law lives in the same house; she came and told me she had been charged with stealing ribbons - we went in and had some beer. Mines and the gentleman came in and took us - I told them they might go up and search my place. I had 2 s. in my hand. A woman searched me at the Compter.
GILES'S Defence. Two women came into the shop while I was putting the strings into my child's shoes; the women could not agree about the price of the caps, and went out. I offered 1 s. 9 d. for the ribbon - she could not take it. A gentleman came and shut the door - I was searched, and nothing found upon me. I have lived in the parish many years. I gave them my name and address. I went and told my sister-in-law, and we went to have a pint of beer. Mines came in and took us.
WIGLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
GILES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
