






1978. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  ARGENT
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WESTLEY
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of September
, 1 sow pig, price 50s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Walter
               




            .
THOMAS WALTER. I live at the George-inn, Woodford. I missed a sow yesterday week at six o'clock in the evening - she had not been seen by me since the night before. I know nothing of the prisoner - I found it in Cowling's possession.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COWLING
               



            . I am a constable. On the morning of this day week I saw Argent driving a sow through Church-street, Hackney; the other prisoner was on the path-way. I did not hear them conversing, but I gave information to the patrol - he went forward, and stopped it, and I took Argent into custody, and the sow. I asked him where he brought it from - he said he brought it from Leyton, and was going to take it to market. I went on to the Horse and Groom public-house, and turned it into the yard. I asked him then if he had any more - he said he had four others coming up the road. I asked whose they were - he said his father's; I know his father perfectly well - I went to Leyton. I saw his mother, and ascertained it was not theirs - I then went and told Walter, and gave information of it instantly.


                  CHARLES 
                  LAMPIT
               



            . I am a patrol, of Hackney. I was with Cowling, and assisted in taking Argent.


                  JAMES 
                  MUNSEY
               



            . I am a labourer of Walthamstow. I was at Lee-bridge, and saw the two prisoners driving a sow before them along the road - I saw a sow this morning at Hackney, which I believe to be the same; it is marked in the same way, it has a white back, black head, and black quarters behind.
ARGENT'S Defence. I bought the sow at Chingford.
ARGENT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
WESTLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
