





1299. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WOODS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 chain, value 1s.; 2 seals, value 3s.; 1 key, value 2d.; 1 guinea, 1 halfguinea, 7 sovereigns, ten shillings, four sixpences, and and two promissory notes, for payment of and value of 5l. each, the goods and monies of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Selwood
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
HENRY SELWOOD. I went home with this woman to her house in Westminster


; I had two 5l. notes, seven sovereigns, one guinea, and one half-guinea, besides some silver, a watch, seals and key; I was not drunk, but very tired and sleepy - she asked if I was going to give her something to drink; I gave her two half-crowns - she fetched some gin, and I had a little glass of it; when she came in with the gin she locked the door, I said "Don't lock the door as I must be off;" I fell asleep in the chair, and when I awoke she was gone, the door was open, my watch and my money were gone; I am sure she is the person - she stopped me in the road, and enticed me with her.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you swear you were not tipsy? A. I was not; I had been out two nights looking after my master's barges, and met her in Tothill-street - she was the only woman who caught hold of me; I had been talking with another woman, but not stopping with any other; the other woman asked me if I was going to give her any thing to drink - she walked about the street with me, but I took up with this woman; I suppose I should have gone to sleep by myself if this woman had not caught hold of me - it was Duck-lane we went to; I cannot say what number; the officer told me the name - I did not tell the Magistrate I was intoxicated - I said I had been working two days, and up two nights, and I had had a glass or two; the last publichouse I was in was the Crown; it is in Westminster - we had a quartern of gin and a pint of beer between another man and myself - I left there before ten o'clock; that was all I drank besides the glass of gin the prisoner gave me - I had been on board the Fame, where I am employed; I left about nine o'clock - I had been in a public-house in the morning; we had a pot of beer there between three or four of us; I drank no gin or spiritsthere - I had no dinner, and drank nothing in the night but some coffee; the prisoner was taken the next day -I lost a watch, two 5l. notes of the Devizes bank, seven sovereigns, a guinea, and a half-guinea, besides some silver; I cannot say how long I was with her - I sat down and fell asleep: while I was asleep she robbed me; when I awoke the door was open, and she was gone -I cannot say what she was to get; one half-crown would not have got much; I only went to get something to drink - I awoke that night between eleven and twelve o'clock, but I did not see any watchman; I staid there till morning, then made an alarm, and sent for an officer; there was no one that I could see in the house - as soon as made the alarm they threatened to kick me out of the house.
EDWARD ALLEN. I am a Bow-street patrol. I saw the prosecutor on the afternoon of the 25th of April, in Orchard-street, Westminster; he stated what had happened - I went to No. 8, Almonry; he said he had lost two 5l. notes, seven sovereigns, one guinea, a half-guinea and his watch; he said the half-guinea was under weight, and rather bent; I found the prisoner at the house - he had described her; I said I wanted her for robbing a countryman of his money - she said she knew nothing about it; I took her, and as we went along I thought she wanted to put her hand in her pocket - I took hold of her hand, and found on her two sovereigns, this bent half-guinea, 11s. 6d. in silver, some copper, a handkerchief, and a pair of stockings, which were new; they were under her arm - I had before asked what money she had got, and she said only a few halfpence; when I found this money she said a gentleman gave it her the night before - she afterwards said she had saved it, as she wanted to go into the country to see her friends.
Cross-examined. Q. Are not these old coins very often under weight? A. I do not know; it was between five and six o'clock in the evening when I took her - I think it was half-past four when I saw the prosecutor; I do not know whether I was the first person he went to.
HENRY SELWOOD re-examined. Q.Who did you go to? A. I went to an officer's house between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, but he was not at home.
Cross-examined. Q.What time did you leave the house? A. I suppose between six and seven o'clock - I did not see any watchmen about; I called the people at the next door, and they talked of kicking me out of the place - I had only been in London two days.
Prisoner's Defence. I got the money from a gentleman I formerly resided with - he gave it me to redeem my clothes; the prosecutor and another female parted with me, and went home together - he never mentioned any mark on the half-guinea till it was shown at the office.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
