





1193. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  WHITE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June
, 3 pairs of trousers, value 7s.; 2 pairs of shoes, value 9s.; 4 shirts, value 12s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 4s.; 1 gown, value 2s.; 2 aprons, value 1s., and 1 jacket, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  O'Conner
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  O'CONNER
               



            . I am the wife of James O'Conner; we live in Kensington-gore


. On the 5th of June the prisoner came to my house with an acquaintance of mine, and said they were out of work, but had got a job to go to the next day - they sat there about an hour and a half, and then went away; next day the prisoner came twice in the forenoon, and once in the afternoon, alone; I was coming home at 3 o'clock, and saw him coming out of my house with a bundle; I followed him, but could not get anybody to stop him, it being Election time. These articles were in the drawers in my room.
JAMES O'CONNER. I took the prisoner on the 8th of June - I had been looking for him.


                  JAMES 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I am an officer. I received information, and the prisoner was brought up by Alcock, the beadle; I got the duplicates of the property from him, but he is not here.


                  EDWIN 
                  SOAMES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two pairs of trousers and one jacket, pawned by a person, in the name of John Lynch. I cannot say it was the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PACKER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Oxford-street. I have a gown and handkerchief - the handkerchief was pawned by Lynch.


                  CATHERINE 
                  LYNCH
               



            . I keep a room - the prisoner lodged with me. I pawned a handkerchief like this for him, for 3s. - I gave him the ticket and the money.
Prisoner. Q. Who pawned the gown? A. You gave me the handkerchief, but not the gown.


                  DENNIS 
                  O'CONNER
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son. The prisoner came to our house on Monday, the 5th of June, and then he came on Tuesday three times - and the last time he sent me to go and meet my mother at Kensington, who he said had got a bundle - I went, and could not find her; when I came back I saw my mother, and asked if she had seen the man, which she had not; upon looking into the drawers they were empty.
Prisoner's Defence. The young man said to me, "We will go and look for work" - we went to the prosecutor's house; he said next day, "I have got a job to go to Kensington." I have not been there since.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
