






898. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     ALLGOOD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     TOOMEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of April
, 1 pair oftrousers, value 2s. 5d.; 1 waistcoat, value 1s. 6d., and 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Randall
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  RANDALL
               



            . I am a painter
. I lost this property on the 7th of April, from the Bag of Nails public-house, at Pimlico


 - I did not get drunk nor go to sleep; the articles were tied in a bundle; Toomey took them while the other was sitting alongside of me; they went away in different roads.


                  JAMES 
                  KING
               



            . I am a labourer. The two prisoners came up to the prosecutor in the Park, and went on to the first public-house; they staid there about half an hour, and then went on to the Bag of Nails - I did not go in at either of the houses.


                  CHARLES 
                  BANKS
               



            . I was at the Bag of Nails, between three and four o'clock on the 7th of April: the two prisoners and the prosecutor came in; they called for half a pint of rum - Toomey passed as his wife, and the other as his sister; a man there wanted to shake hands with the prosecutor, and the prisoners fell aboard of him; Toomey took the bundle and went out; Allgood put her hand into his pocket, and they both ran off in different directions - the prosecutor was sitting still; he was intoxicated.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The two prisoners pawned all this property at our house, on the 7th of April, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening; they were not tipsy.


                  CHARLES 
                  AUGUSTUS DORRINGTON
               



            . The prisoner Allgood was given into my charge at near twelve o'clock at night - there was nothing found on her; she was intoxicated.(Property produced and sworn to.)
ALLGOOD'S Defence. I met this man in St. James'-park - we were both very much intoxicated; he caught hold of us both, and took us to a public-house; he brought us all kinds of liquor; I do not know how I got home - but as to the property, I had none.
TOOMEY's Defence. I do not know how I came by the bundle; I think he must have given it me - I had no notion of robbing him; we had been all drinking the whole of the day, and Bankes was like the rest; we were all intoxicated.
ALLGOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Confined Three Months
            .
TOOMEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years. 
            

