





NEW COURT, (5th DAY.)
London Cases, First Jury.
Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1237. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RITCHIE
                  



               
             was indicted for a 


               fraud
            .

MR.


                     JOHN 
                     WOOLFITT
                  




               
            . I am a cabinet-maker
, and live in St Paul's-church-yard. I know Mr. 
               Wm. Teanby
            , of Old-street; he has been a customer of mine some years; I have a note here purporting to come from him - I received it on the 3d of June, in the presence of the prisoner; I do not know whether I received it from him; but he said Mr. Teinby wanted a plain tea-chest for a niece of his who was going to be married; I gave him a tea-chest worth about 2 l. 15 s. - I had known him some time and his friends also.
(Order read.)
MR. WOOLFILT, - Please to send by bearer one mahogany tea-chest for


                  WILLIAM 
                  TEANBY
               



            , bricklayer, 132, Old-street.


                  GEORGE 
                  RUCK
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Woolfitt. The prisoner brought the paper just produced, and gave it to me, he said he came from Mr. Teanby.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TEANBY
               



            . I am a bricklayer, and live in Old-street. I am a customer of Mr. Woolfitt's, this paper is not my writing, nor did I ever see it till Mr. Woolfitt shewed it to me; I had no niece about to be married - the prisoner's father has worked for me seventeen years, and the prisoner has worked for me; I have a son of own my name.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TEANBY
               



            , JUN. I did not write this paper.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am an officer, and took the prisoner into custody - he gave me up the duplicate of a writing desk, and told me where to find the tea-chest, it was pledged at Snow hill.
Prisoner's Defence. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
