





838. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     PINFORD
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of May
, four sheets, value 16 s.; one table cloth, value 5 s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Sandys
                        



                     
                  ; and two sheets, value 8 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Sprack
                  



               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  SANDYS
               



            . I am a laundress
, and live in George-street, Portman-square


. On the 3d of May, at night, I hung these things in the yard to dry - about four o'clock, next morning the dog barked, I got up, looked out of window and saw the prisoner in the next yard, packing these things up - I screamed out, he got over the wall into the yard of No. 15, and left the clothes in the yard - I went down and called the watchman, who secured him, in the loft of No. 14 - he had neither shoes or stockings; his father lived there - I am sure he is the boy.


                  MARY 
                  ANN SPRACK
               



            . I sent two shirts to Sandys's to wash.



                  JOHN 
                  STRATTON
               



            . I am a watchman. I found; he prisoner in the loft of No. 14; the shirts were thrown over the wall - he was concealed under the tiles with the trap door shut.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I heard a noise, my father said, somebody was calling out; every thing was then quiet, and he sent me into the loft to get some pots down - Stratton said he saw me throw them over the wall.


                  JOHN 
                  STRATTON
               



            . I did not say so.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
