





1177. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  CHASE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of May
, 5 pieces of wood, value 10l., and 22 veneers, value 8l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Kenenmore
               




            , his master.
JOHN KENENMORE. I am a cabinet-maker
, and live in Featherstone-street, City-road


. The prisoner was in my service. On the 5th of May Seims, my servant, gave me information, and I went to a side-board, in which I found a quantity of veneers - I took them out and marked them- I did not count them, but am certain there were ten, or more; I put them back, and fetched an officer, then went up to the shop, and said, "Who put those veneers in the side-board?" the prisoner said, "Not me;" I said, "Nobody else could," and gave him into custody - he fell on his knees and begged for mercy, and said he did not know he was doing any harm - they are not worth above 10s. - we then went to the front room floor of a house in Baldwin-street, City-road, and found a great quantity of mahogany veneers and rose-wood, which I can swear belong to me, and are worth about 10l.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did not the side-board stand in a yard? A. Yes; I have three apprentices and four journeymen; they all had access to it, but nobody but the prisoner had come that morning when they were found; I do not know when I had seen them last - Seims is a pretty good boy - I have had him before a Magistrate three times, but not for dishonesty.
COURT. Q. How do you know the wood? A. From its quality and particular grain.


                  JOHN 
                  CHRISTOPHER SEIMS
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Kenenmore. The prisoner has worked there for three or four months. I sleep in the house. On the morning of the 5th of May I let the prisoner in about five o'clock; he went into the work-shop with me, and soon after Southey, an apprentice, came into the shop; I saw the prisoner take some pieces of wood out of his chest; I had occasion to go down-stairs; I rattled the latch of the door, and the prisoner thought I was gone into the house; I then saw him come down with a cloth in a bundle; I do not know what was in it - I looked into the side-board soon after, and found some veneers in it; I went up again, and in a few minutes a man, who was coming to work, rang the factory bell, and while I was down, the prisoner brought down some clothes-horses - he went to the side-board, and took the cloth off the veneers - I went and told master, who got an officer, and took him - he begged pardon, and I think said he thought there was no harm in it; I had let him in on the 3d, and he went into the veneer-room and cut some veneers, and put them into a cloth in the side-board; I cannot say these were the the same.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been an apprentice? A. Four years. I quarrelled with the prisoner several days before - but we had made it up and spoke together.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COUZINS SOUTHEY
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Kenenmore. I was there on the morning of the 5th, and went into the work-shop; the prisoner came a little after five o'clock. I went to get some saw-dust, and saw the prisoner bring down a bundle, and put it on the sideboard - he went up again. I went and opened it, and found some veneers in it - another man came; Seims let him in - the prisoner took out some uprights for clothes horses, and said "The old b - g - r shall not see this till I am gone" - he took them down stairs. I saw him bring the cloth up in about half an hour - I was there when Vann came with master, who said "Who put those veneers on the sideboard?" the prisoner said "It was not me;" master said "That is your prisoner;" he then went on his knees and begged pardon, on account of his wife and children.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see this by accident? A. Yes; quite - he could not see me, I was behind some wood - he had been making the clothes horses for himself.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I was sent for, and took the prisoner with the veneers. Mr. Kenenmore said, "Who put the veneers into the old sideboard?" the prisoner said "Not me." "You did?" said Mr. Kenenmore, "and somebody saw you" - he went on his knees and asked pardon twice.
Cross-examined. Q. He said, "Don't send me to prison for the sake of my wife and family?" A. No; he asked forgiveness - and when down-stairs he again went on his knees, and said, "Now sir, for the last time, I ask you to forgive me."(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I said what they state, but it was on account of not wishing to go to prison, having a wife and family.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
