





239. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     POTTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of January
, one box, value 2 s.; four gowns, value 15 s.; two pair of stays, value 4 s.; two petticoats, value 5 s.; two shifts, value 3 s.; two spencers, value 3 s.; one pair of stockings, value 1 s.; five gown-bodies, value 5 s.; one table-cloth, value 2 s. 6 d.; five chair-covers, value 3 s.; 12 yards of ribbon, value 4 s.; two veils, value 1 s.; two books, value 1 s., and two brushes, value 1 s. 
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Jones
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to belong to 
               
                  
                     Mary Ann 
                     Hilliard
                  



               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN HILLIARD
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Hilliard
               



             - I delivered a box, containing this property, to Mr. Jones to take into the country, directed to the Rev. Mr. Thomas, Stratford, Essex, where my daughter lives.


                  RICHARD 
                  BARNWELL
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  William 
                  Jones
               



            , a carman
. I received this box from Mrs. Hilliard to take to the Bull at Aldgate - it was stolen from my cart while I was at the Fountain, in Cheapside


. I found the prisoner at Guildhall with the box.
WILLIAM SMITH. I am a fishmonger. The prisoner was running very rapidly down Cheapside, with the box in his hands, I took the box and collared him - he said he was going to take it home. He begged of me to let him go - I gave him in charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
