





931. 
               
                  
                     TOBIAS 
                     BURKE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               bigamy
            .
MESSRS. ALLEY and LAW, conducted the prosecution.


                  ELIZA 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I live at Cashel in the County of Tipperary, in Ireland. I first became acquainted with the prisoner the latter end of May, 1815; he stopped nearly a week at my father's house before he married my sister Mary - I was present at the marriage at my father's; my sister Julia, my brother, my father and many other witnesses were present. The Reverend Doctor Wright married them, he is now dead - he was a Roman Catholic priest; my sister and the prisoner were both of that religion.
Q. How do you know that was the prisoner's religion - A. He brought a certificate to Doctor Wright, stating that he was a Catholic. I never saw him at a Catholic chapel before he married her - he represented himself as a Catholic by bringing a certificate from his parish priest; he always passed as a Catholic, and always joined in our religious duties, particularly in the Rosary, which is family prayer, and he said he had a brother in the Maynooth College educating for a priest. After the marriage ceremony they both lived together and cohabited at my father's house, as man and wife, for a week, and then he got a part of my sister's fortune, and went to Dublin, wrote a letter, and then his wife and a married sister went to him. The prisoner returned to my father's house about a year afterwards and stopped about a fortnight; Mrs. Burke was not with him - she has two children, one of them is now at my mother's; my father is dead. The prisoner failed in business afterwards, and applied to us for money, 20 l. was given him - I have seen my father give him 100 l. note at one time. My sister Mary is now living, I saw her here to day.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What was your father - A. A leather merchant. The prisoner was a publican and grocer
, at Dublin, which is seventy-five Irish miles from Cashel. I understood that he came from Dublin on no other business but to marry my sister - his brother 
               
                  Edmund 
                  Burke
               



            , was present at the marriage. I am about twenty-three years old, my sister Julia is about two years younger than I. Doctor Wright performed the marriage, and Father O'Brien was there in the course of the evening - I cannot say whether he was present at the marriage; it was performed between five and six o'clock in the evening.
Q. Was it not between eleven and twelve o'clock at night - A. It was not. There was merry making on that day, and the next. The prisoner took but one glass of wine that day, he would take no more. My sister went to him about a fortnight after the marriage.


                  JULIA 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am sister of the last witness. I know the prisoner - my sister Mary was married to him at my father's house; they were both Roman Catholics - the prisoner always passed as such at our house, and at the time of Lent, he assisted in offering up the Rosary, and read the meditations himself; (looking at a Catholic manual) I believe the writing in this to be his, I have frequently seen him write; it is a Roman Catholic book. My sister had two children, I was present when one was born - there is an entry of it in this book in his writing;
"
               
                  Norah 
                  Burke
               



            , born the 20th of November, 1816; Johannah, the 24th of June" - I was in his house when one of the children was baptized, and after the baptism I took a glass of wine with the prisoner and the priest, who performed the ceremony. After the marriage he went to Dublin, my sister Mary also went. I lived with them afterwards at Clonmell for four or five months, and at that time I have seen him in the Catholic chapel.
Cross-examined. Q. What age were you at the time they were married - A. About twelve. I had not seen him at Cashel till a week before. He came from Dublin to be married to my sister; she had been at Dublin before that - I never saw him at a Catholic chapel before the marriage, that I recollect. My father and all his family are Catholics. They were married about nine o'clock in the evening, I believe.
Q. Will you swear it was not as late as twelve o'clock - A. Yes I will; it was after eight o'clock, for it was just duskish, and in the month of June. The Reverend DoctorWright performed the ceremony - I do not think there was any other priest there, but the next day there was a large party, and Mr. O'Brien was there.
Q. Where have you seen this manual before to day - A. I saw my sister with it to day. The second child was born at Clonmell. 
               
                  Edmund 
                  Burke
               



             was present at the marriage.
MR. ALLEY. Q. The marriage was seven years ago - A. Yes. I kept no particular account of the hour of the marriage - I cannot speak to the hour.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  BRUCE ESQ
               



            . I live in Upper Bedford-place, Russell-square. I know the prisoner. About the latter end of September, 1820, I received a note to meet him at the Crown, Tavern, New-road, Islington; I paid no attention to it, and about the beginning of December, in consequence of another letter, I met him at Gray's-Inn, Coffee-house - I was in his company some time before he mentioned his business; I asked what he sent for me for, he told me he wanted to marry my daughter; he wished my consent, I refused my consent untill I knew who and what he was, and whether he could make an adequate settlement upon her - I never at any subsequent period gave my consent to the marriage, nor did I speak to him for fourteen months after. My daughter's name is 
               
                  
                     Mary Ann 
                     Bruce
                  




               
            ; (looks at a certificate), I got this from Doctor Strachan, the Vicar of Islington - I examined it with the register, it is a true copy.
Q. Since the time stated in the certificate has the prisoner made any application to you - A. No.
Cross-examined. Q. He referred you to very respectable people who knew him - A. Never.
MISS 
               
                  MARY 
                  ANN BRUCE
               



            . I was married to the prisoner at Islington church, on the 4th of December, 1820
, by licence.
(The certificate was here read).
Prisoner's Defence. I was made drunk, and entrapped into the first marriage, and never claimed her as my wife. I am, and always was a Protestant.


                  THOMAS 
                  MAHER
               



            . I live at Munroe, in Tipperary, and rent a farm. I am a Catholic - I know the prisoner; I was his sponsor at his baptism; he was christened by 
               
                  Edward 
                  Jordan
               



             the parish minister of Tipperary - he is a Protestant minister of the Church of England - he was christened at his uncles, hard by the minister's house; his father was dead, and his mother being at the uncle's, he was christened there - his uncle was a Protestant and so was his father as I hear. I knew him for twelve or thirteen years after the christening continually - he was brought up a Protestant for what I know; I never could see him at mass or at any place - he was once in my company when I was going to mass, and did not go with me, he was then sixteen or seventeen years old; he is now about twenty-eight. He was christened in June, 1794; he was then only two or three days old - I never saw him go to church.
MR. ALLEY. Q. Have you ever known any of O'Burke's family - A. I knew them all to be called O'Burke.
Q. Have you not seen them at mass - A. I have seen O'Burkes at mass. His mother knew that I was a Catholic.
Q. And yet she employed you to stand sponsor for her Protestant child - A. I did; I engaged to take him as it was under my care till he came to maturity, if he had nobody else to do it; but his brother took care of him.
COURT. Q. Were you to bring him up a Protestant - A. I do not know what I was bound to do in case any thing happened to his brother. I know Maynooth College, I do not know whether it is a Catholic or Protestant College - I never heard that the prisoners brother was there. I know some of his relations now, some of them go to mass, and his brother Edmund does.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was there another Godfather and a Godmother - A. Yes. I know Stapleton the other Godfather, was a Protestant.


                  EDMUND 
                  BURKE
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother, and live at Springfield, in the County of Tipperary - I am older than him. He was brought up a Protestant. I did not know him up to the time of his marriage with Miss Butler, as he frequently was at school, and I was brought up at home - I was very young when my father died. I had not known much of him for some time before the marriage, as he was apprenticed at Carlow, and went from there to Dublin. I was at Butler's on the day this affair took place.
Q. Had you seen your brother before that day - A. I saw him the evening before, I met him in the street - I dined with him at Butler's on this day, we dined after nightfall; it was on the 11th of June, seven years ago. After dinner my brother was neither drunk nor can I say he was sober. 
               
                  James 
                  Butler
               



             the father of this young woman, said he wished to give him one of his daughters - I do not know which. I forbid Butler to have anything to do with him because he was not a man that was fit, as he was a Protestant.
Q. What was done upon that - A. They drank hard and played at cards, and sent for those clergymen, the parish priest, and his coadjutor.
Q. How long did they drink before they sent for the priest - A. About three or four hours. Wright the Catholic was the priest. They came, as I suppose, with intent to marry him. They sat down and drank hard, then called him, and asked him to comply with them.
Q. To comply with what - A. With the Catholic church, to go to confession I suppose, to become a Catholic; he said he would not; he was not sober. Wright came out and declined marrying him, and said he had nothing to do with him he might go home - I desired him to get up, and come home to his mother's place, which is about fifteen miles off; he stood up to come, and then Butler stood up and said, neither he, nor I, nor the priest should go away, till we parted on good terms and drank more - then they all got as I suppose stupidly drunk.
Q. While you were there did you see any ceremony of marriage performed by any body - A. None whatever. I went away between one and two o'clock in the morning; I was drunk then - my brother came out into the street with me; I wanted him to come away with me, but finding him so drunk and unable, he remained there. I did not go to Butler's again for three years.
Q. How long did your brother stay at Butler's after this - A. I do not know that he went back to Butler's. I had a letter from him afterwards, and met him at Temple-moore, about a lease, and he said he would go home to Dublin;this was two days after. Temple-moore is about fifteen miles from Cashel - he need not go through Cashel again to go to Dublin. I was never at his house at Dublin afterwards. He was in the grocery, wine, and spirit business I believe.
MR. LAW. Q. You are a Catholic - A. Yes. I lived at that time at a place called Girthley-bowl, in the parish of Baracilla, seventeen miles from Cashel.
Q. What brought you to Cashel - A. My brother wrote me word that his mare had strayed away from Cashel, and I went to look after her, and met him in the street; he had found her - he did not come to me, he wrote and told me I should find him at a first cousin's house of mine in Cashel - I went and found he had just left there, and found him in the street - I found the mare at Butler's; I went there with him to call for the mare, and was invited in to take something - I did not know that he was residing at Butler's house.
Q. I give you notice that there are parties in Court who were present on this occasion; on your oath was not the invitation an invitation to be present at the marriage - A. On my oath it was not, I had no more notion of a marriage than I have of going home in a boat from this place.
Q. You had lost sight of your brother for many years before this - A. Yes; I cannot exactly tell how many.
Q. Will you swear it was not seven - A. I cannot swear. I was very young when I left the country - I had heard nothing of him whatever till he wrote to say his mare had strayed; nothing else brought us together. My mother was a Catholic; my father died before my brother was born. My mother has always been a Catholic - I was only at Cashel on the evening of the 11th, and remained there the day following till two o'clock in the morning of the 13th, as he got drunk and could not go home.
COURT. Q. On what day of the week did you first go there - A. On the 11th, Sunday - that was the night the card-playing took place.
MR. LAW. Q. You had no idea of the marriage - A. Not the least. I staid all next day, and did not leave till two o'clock in the morning of the 13th, for I did not get up till twelve, and then fell to drinking and playing at cards.
COURT. Q. When they tried to entrap your brother, how came you to leave him with such company - A. I thought if I did not go myself I should be turned out.
MR. LAW. Q. I give you notice that you will be contradicted if you deny this; but, on the oath you have taken, did you not give your brother away - A. I did not at any time.
Q. Did you not give your brother away in marriage either on the 11th or 12th to 
               
                  Mary 
                  Butler
               



             - A. Never since the day of his birth. I went to bed at Butler's on the 11th, Sunday night - I got up about ten o'clock on Monday morning, as near as I can guess. I breakfasted with the family.
Q. Were you sober at breakfast - A. Just betwixt and between, neither drunk nor sober, sometimes sober and sometimes drunk. I dined with the family, that was about ten o'clock at night. I think - I was not sober at dinner; we breakfasted at ten o'clock in the morning. I eat nothing between ten o'clock in the morning and ten at night, but had plenty to drink. I did not see Doctor Wright before Monday. I have a brother named John.
Q. Which of your brothers went to Maynooth College - A. My brother Tom; he is not a Catholic; I do not know whether he did go to College, but if any of my brothers did it must be him, as he was the only one fit to go, as he knew Latin - he is gone to America.
Q. You came away from Butler's between one and two o'clock on Tuesday morning, the 13th - A. Yes. I left my brother in the street, he was stupidly drunk, and I told him to go to his cousins.
Q. Why not go with him - A. He was drunk, but able to walk. He slept at Butler's on Sunday night.
Q. And staid there all day - Yes. Sometimes I went for him to try and get him away, but found him locked up in the room playing at cards with these young ladies; I have lost sight of the prisoner for several years; he was apprenticed to 
               
                  Edward 
                  Kennedy
               



            , a grocer.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. After your father's death, your mother resided at your uncle's; what was your uncle, a Catholic or Protestant - A. A Catholic - I believe my brothers Dennis and John are Protestants. My eldest brother Tom was a Protestant, and they were brought up by him; Tom was brought up by my father, who was a Protestant. My uncle was my father's brother.
Q. In all the time you was in Butler's did you see any marriage ceremony going on whatever - A. No.


                  DENNIS 
                  BURKE
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother, and am five or six years older than him - my father was dead when he was born; I have known him from his birth, except for three years while he has been in London. He was always a Protestant of the Church of England. I knew him in 1815, he was a Protestant then - I always was a Protestant; John goes to mass, but I think he is a Protestant in principle. I have known the prisoner go to mass, but only out of curiosity - he and I went one Good Friday, eight or nine years ago, in Dublin. My brother Tom was educated at the Revered Mr. Jordan's, who is a minister of the Protestant faith; I never knew him go elsewhere - he was always a Protestant; he was a private tutor for sometime, and then went to Dublin, and was about getting into Trinity College, and some years after he went to America on an adventure. I firmly believe he never was at Maynooth College. I generally went to a Protestant Church, and the prisoner constantly went with me when we lived at the same place. This happened in 1814 and 1815.
MR. ALLEY. Q. What way of life were you in - A. I superintended the cellars of Messrs. Delapier, wine merchants to His late Majesty; since that I have been in Price and Co's. service; I now sell wine bottles on commission, and support myself with that and what I have saved in service. I have left Ireland about seven years; I left after his marriage. Until I came to England there were not twelve months passed but what I saw my brother. I suppose I saw him at least six times a year. I came to England three years before him - I did not see him for three years and a half after his marriage. I lived at Dublin for about a month after his marriage, and called on him once or twice - I never saw him at a Catholic chapel there with his wife; I never saw her with him - I lived with my mother when the prisoner was born. I firmly believe my brother Tom never entered Maynooth College;he went to America on an adventure, and was never intended for a priest. I never said to Miss 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Butler
               



             that he was brought up at Maynooth College, or to any one.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Were you ever at the College - A. I have passed it; it is within thirteen miles of Dublin. I did not go to see my brother at Dublin for I did not like to live in the house, having heard of this woman. I never slept at the house.


                  JOHN 
                  BURKE
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother, and am about two years older than him; I knew him till he was about fourteen years old - he was brought up a Protestant; I profess the Catholic Religion. My mother is a Catholic. I never saw the prisoner at mass, but he might go; he always professed the Protestant Religion. I knew him at Dublin in 1814 and 1815, at the time of the marriage; he professed the Protestant Religion.
MR. ALLEY. Q. Did you live at Dublin after he was married - A. Yes, for two years nearly; he remained there nearly three years. I visited him at times, and heard that he had a child, and saw one about the house, I cannot say it was his. There was a rumour of her misconduct with an officer.
Q. Did you not live in the same house with him in 1815 - A. I believe I did. I heard that the child was sent to her mother to be taken care of when he came to England. I have heard that my brother Tom went to Trinity College. I never said he was educated for a priest at Maynooth College.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Do you know what your brother is in America - A. I understand he is a clergyman of the Establishment.


                  MARTIN 
                  MURRAY
               



            . I am a clerk out of employ, and live in Charles-street, Mary-le-bone. I have known the prisoner here about four years - I knew him in Ireland for seven years; he professed the Protestant Religion. I was walking with him once, and he went into the church, and wanted me to go with him, but I would not as I was a Catholic. I was not intimate with him here.


                  ELIZA 
                  BUTLER
               



            . The prisoner's brother was present at the marriage, and took him by the hand and gave him away in marriage to my sister - it was about six o'clock in the afternoon.


                  JULIA 
                  BUTLER
               



            . The prisoner's brother gave him away.



               GUILTY
            .
Believing him to be a Catholic.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
