





953. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CARTER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, 1 saddle, value 36s.; 3 bridles, value 14s.; 2 house-cloths, value 8s.; 2 brushes, value 2s.; 1 roller, value 1s., and 1 oil-case, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Read
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOOPER
               



            . I am a watchman of Euston-square, On the 11th of April, about five o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner with a saddle - he had a bag at his back; I asked him where he had brought the things from - he replied, from the Load of Hay public-house, and that he was going to Finsbury-square, to fetch a sick horse; I asked him what he had got in the bag - he said a bridle and horse-cloth. He at first said that he brought them from a gentleman at Hampstead, and then from the Load of Hay; I said it was rather an unlucky affair - he threw down the things, and ran away; he jumped over the railing of the nursery ground, and ran across it; I sprung my rattle, and he was taken by Humphreys.


                  GEORGE 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoner running away - I pursued, and overtook him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LOCK
               



            . About five o'clock on Sunday morning I heard the rattle spring; I came up, and took charge of the property, which I now produce.


                  JAMES 
                  BOUNDS
               



            . I have the care of Joseph Read's horse - it is kept in his stable, at Robert's-mews, Hampstead-road


; I locked the door twice on the night before the robbery. I never saw the prisoner before - the lock was not injured - it must have been picked or opened by a false key. The property produced belongs to my master.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
