






1181. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SALMON
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DOUGLASS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of June
, 1 jelly-glass and stand, value 6d.; 1 table-cover, value 2d.; 6 prints, value 1d.: 2 yards of drugget, value 1d., and 1 garden-stool value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Mary Judith 
                        Chapman
                     



                  ; 2 books, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Chapman
                     



                  , spinster; and, 3 brushes, value 6d.; 2 bags, value 6d., and half a peck of barley, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Brooksbank
               



            .


                  CHARLES 
                  SIDNEY
               



            . I live at No. 6, Wilmington-place, Spa-fields - I am a messenger to the Commissioners of Bankrupts; I was in possession at No. 18, Acton-place, Kingsland-road


. On the 14th of June I was disturbed about one o'clock in the morning by a noise at the backpremises; I went to bed again and then was alarmed by the ringing of the kitchen bell; I looked out of the window and saw no one - I went to bed again, and was again disturbed by hearing some one jump - I got up, opened the window, and saw the two prisoners - I said "You thieves, what do you want there," and shewed my blunderbuss - they pulled the gate open and ran away; I put down the blunderbuss and took the rattle; I left my wife to watch them from the window, put on my clothes, and went out; I heard they were taken, went to the watch-house, and found them there.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I live at No. 19, Acton-place, Kingsland-road. This jelly-glass and the leather cover, belong to Mary Judith Chapman, my mother; these books are mine - they were all safe on Tuesday night, the 13th of June, in a summer-house at the back of our premises- I had been there late in the evening and seen them safe.


                  THOMAS 
                  OLIVER
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Catherine Brooksbank, who lives at No. 17, Acton-place. These brushes are hers - I had used them on the 13th of June, in the evening - they were kept in a stable, and I missed them on Wednesday morning, the 14th of June, with two bags and part of a peck of barley.


                  SARAH 
                  SIDNEY
               



            . I am the wife of Charles Sidney. I looked out at the window at No. 18, Acton-place, and kept sight of the prisoners till they were taken.


                  GEORGE 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am a watchman. About three o'clock in the morning in question, I heard the cry of Stop thief! from the fields that lead to New Haggerston; I saw Douglas coming as fast as he could across those fields: I ran, and did not lose sight of him till he was taken - I took him to the watch-house - I found this fluted cut glass close to where he was taken.


                  THOMAS 
                  FISHER
               



            . I live in Chapel-street, Curtain-road. I was at work at Haggerston gas-works on the night of the 13th of June, and at three o'clock in the morning I came out and saw the two prisoners running across the fields - I followed, and stopped Douglas.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAYES
               



            . I live in Plough-street, Whitechapel. I was with Fisher when the prisoners were taken - I saw them taken to the watch-house.


                  JOHN 
                  HOSKINS
               



            . I am a watchman. About three o'clock in the morning of the 14th of June, I heard a rattle - I ran in the direction of the noise, to Acton-place, and saw the two prisoners running from there; I pursued and did not lose sight of them; I took them to the watch-house - I took this stool from the field over which they had run - I did not see it dropped - I found it in a minute or two after they had passed.


                  JANE 
                  COWELL
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Chapman. I know these brushes and this handkerchief to be her's - I found them in the field at the back of the garden - a short distance from my mistress' house - they had run in that direction to get over a ditch into a potatoe field.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORETON
               



            . I am inspector of the watch. I heard of some bad characters being about the fields, and gave information to the watchmen of it. I found several articles in the potatoe field at the back of Acton-place - nearer to the watch-house than No. 18.


                  MICHAEL 
                  MANLY
               



            . I am a watchman. About three o'clock on the morning of the 14th of June, I saw the two prisoners at the watch-house - I put them into the lockup room, and after they had been there I found this piece of drugget - I asked them about it and they denied it, but no other person could have put it there, when I put them in.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I was officer of the night, and I produce the property which was found.
COURT to 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . Q. Do you know this stool? A. Yes, it was on my mother's premises - I had sat upon it the evening before - this drugget is my mother's.
SALMON's Defence. We had been to Sadler's Wells, and were too late to go home.
DOUGLAS' Defence. When we came to the Rosemary-branch public-house, being rather in liquor, we laid down and went to sleep - the watchman came and awoke us - he told us to go home - we went across the field and saw the garden gate open - while we were there the gentleman looked out of the window.
SALMON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
DOUGLASS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
