






1377. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  RICHARDS
               




             and 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  COUGHLAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Giles
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM GILES. I live at Mitcham, and am private secretary to Mr. Hoare, the banker
. On the 5th of June, about the middle of the day, I was going up Fetter-lane


, near Rolls-buildings; I did not miss my handkerchief, but the witness Reeve told me it was gone - I had used it an hour before; I then felt in my pocket, and missed it; I returned with him into his mother's shop - he said he had sent the shopman after the thieves, and in five minutes both the prisoners were brought in; my handkerchief was not found - it was worth 3s.


                  CHARLES 
                  POLLETT
               



            . I am shopman to Mrs. Reeve, No. 118, Fetter-lane. On the 5th of June I was dining in the parlour; my young master called me out, took me to the corner of Rolls-buildings, and pointed out the two prisoners; they turned a corner into White's-alley - I followed, and turned round; Coughlan was going up a place which is no thoroughfare - I collared him, and called Stop thief! after the other; I dragged him after me, and caught hold of Richards, who was about ten yards off - they were both close together before; I charged them with picking a pocket; they said they were innocent, that they were both looking for work, and were strangers to each other. They were running close together when I first saw them.
Prisoner COUGHLAN. Q. Was not I looking into awindow, reading a bill? A. He just turned his head round towards a window, whether there was a bill in it I do not know.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS REEVE
               



            . I am fourteen years old, and live with my parents, in Fetter-lane - they keep an oil and Italian warehouse. On the 5th of June I saw Mr. Giles at the corner of Rolls-buildings; the prisoners were close to him; I saw them draw a pocket-handkerchief out of his pocket - Coughlan was the one who drew it out; he put it into his breast pocket; I was four or five yards off; they turned down Rolls-buildings. I went into the parlour, and called out Pollett; I then went and told Mr. Giles what I had seen; I did not pursue; I afterwards saw them in Pollett's custody, and was quite sure of them - they were taken in four or five minutes.
Prisoner RICHARDS. He said at first that I was not with Coughlan. Witness. No; I said there was a third one behind them.


                  THOMAS 
                  TOOVEY
               



            . I am a contable. The prisoners were delivered into my custody on this charge - I took them to Hatton-garden.
COUGHLAN's Defence. I was coming up Fetter-lane, and on turning down Rolls-buildings it came on very wet - I ran; a man came and pursued me; I stopped at a window to look at a bill, and he said I had picked a gentleman's pocket - I said I was innocent. They searched me three times, but could not find the handkerchief; I never saw the other prisoner before in my life.
RICHARD's Defence. I heard a gentleman halloo Stop thief! I immediately stopped; he took Coughlan towards me, and said it was for picking a pocket.
RICHARDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
COUGHLAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
