





11. 
               
                  
                     MARTIN 
                     PURCELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November
, a wrapper, value 1 s.; thirty-two pieces of printed cotton, value 40 l., and one thousand four hundred and forty-six handkerchiefs, value 13 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Patterson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dudley
                  



               
            .
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DUDLEY
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  William 
                  Patterson
               



             - we are warehousemen

, and live in Cheapside


. On the 5th of November, a wrapper containing these goods, laid in the outer passage with others.


                  GEORGE 
                  LOCK
               



            . I am a constable. On the 5th of November, between one and two o'clock I was in St. Martin's-le-Grand, and at the corner observed the prisoner and two others lifting this package on a post; the prisoner took it on his back, and went a few yards down St. Martin's-le-Grand. I went up and said, "You have got a very heavy load, what does it contain?" (the others had gone down Newgate-street) - he said he did not know; I asked if he had a bill of parcels; he said No, that he was going to Gray's Inn-lane with it, and brought it from Mr. Cowley's in Lombard-street - I said if he was a regular porter he would have a knot; he said he would go with me to where he brought it from. I found the direction was covered with mud, but could see the name Dudley, London. I left it in a shop, and took him to the prosecutor's, which is about twenty-eight yards from the spot - he then said he had done it from distress.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JUDGE
               



            . I am porter to the prosecutors, and know the package; it was safe at twenty minutes past one o'clock - it was clean then.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had come from Ireland three months ago - I spent all my money; I was coming down Cheapside, and met two men, who said if I carried that they would reward me; I thought they were following me. I said I was going towards Gray's Inn-lane, as I lived there. I said I got it somewhere there, but could not find the house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
