






130. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, one handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Packer
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  PACKER
               



            . On the 24th of November, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, I was walking along opposite Compton-street


, a person asked if I had lost my handkerchief, on feeling, I found it was gone; I turned round, Taylor stood on the curb in the act of putting a handkerchief round his neck, he said, "I have not got your handkerchief, it was the other boy yonder." The officer secured Moore, with it in his pocket.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . On the 24th, I was in Compton-street with Cooper and Collins, and saw the two prisoners, and another in company - I heard one say to the other, "There is nothing in that pocket," they were then following a gentleman; I watched them up Great George-street, St. Giles's, into the second house, they came out in a minute and a half, and stood at the corner, the prosecutor came by; the one who has escaped, beckoned the other to come on, they all three followed him about three hundred yards - I saw the one who got away, take the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket, and give it to Moore, who went across the street with it; I went after him, and saw him put it in his pocket; I took it from him, and secured him - the prosecutor came up and claimed it. Taylor was in company with him.


                  JOHN 
                  COOPER
               



            . I went with Keys and Collins, and saw the whole transaction; Taylor ran in Monmouth-street, I pursued and brought him back. The third boy was convicted last night of another offence.
TAYLOR'S Defence. I was going on an errand, and pointed them out.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MOORE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Life
            .
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Whipped and Discharged
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
