





98. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     MILLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of November
, 1 coat, value 1l; 1 purse, value 2d.; 13 sovereigns, and 25s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hume
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HUME
               



            . I am a master-mariner
. I lost my coat, thirteen sovereigns, and 25s., on the 28th of November; I was coming along Wapping


, and the prisoner came and asked alms of me - I took him into the White Swan public-house and gave him some neat brandy, and then we had some brandy and water - I agreed to take him on board my ship if he suited me; I gave him my coat to take care of, and when I came out I missed him and the coat; when I got on board the ship, I missed this money from my trousers pocket - I have never seen my coat since; I was neither drunk nor sober - I gave his description at the Thames Police-office, and they brought the prisoner on board, and asked if he was the man - I said he was.


                  JAMES 
                  HARRINGTON
               



            . I keep the White Swan public-house - the prisoner and prosecutor came there and remained about two hours; I asked the prisoner if the person he was in company with was his Captain - he said Yes; when they went out I saw the prisoner had the Captain's coat on his arm; they went out together to go on board, as I understood - the Captain was rather drunk.


                  JOHN 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am a Police constable. I heard the Captain's complaint - I had the prisoner in custody at the time, and I thought he was like the person; I took him to the White Swan, the lady said she could swear to him; I then took him on board, and the Captain swore to him; the prisoner came in very tipsy on the Saturday - he had this purse, which the Captain swears to, and six sovereigns; he was committed till he was sober; I told him he was charged with robbing the prosecutor - he said he did not know him.


                  JOHN 
                  HUME
               



            . This is my purse; I went from the White Swan to my ship, but missed the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been paid off from the Carnarvon frigate on the Thursday - I was in the Coach and Horses public-house all Friday very tipsy, where the officer took me.


                  JOHN 
                  ADAMS
               



            . It is all false about his coming home - he has been about the neighbourhood these three months.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
