





1406. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MACKEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of July
, 40 lbs. of lead, value 3 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Fitzgerald
                        




                     
                  , widow
, and fixed to her dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT. Stating it to be fixed to a certain building.



                  PHILIP 
                  RILEY
               



            . On the 10th of July, at ten minutes past eleven o'clock, I saw the prisoner come out of the Hampshire Hog-yard, St. Giles's, with something under his apron. I stopped him, and asked what he had there; he said a piece of lead, and was going to make a trifle of it; and said he found it by the cow-house, which is a long way from the path. I took him to the watch-house, went to the cow-house, and in the footpath was another piece of lead. We found the prosecutrix had been robbed two nights before; we took the lead to her house in the Hampshire Hog-yard, and the piece found on him exactly corresponded with a piece found by Mealey on the scaffold, and the other piece corresponded with a piece of the gutter which was not moved.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  MEALEY
               



            . I was working at Mrs. Fitzgerald's house, repairing it; we put the lead on in the afternoon, and in the morning I found it cut in three pieces, and two stolen; it had been fixed; one piece was left on the scaffold; I gave it to Riley, who compared it with another piece; it corresponded, and was the same load.


                  ELIZA 
                  FITZGERALD
               



            . I have a house in Hampshire Hog yard


 - Mealey was at work there.


                  JOHN 
                  HAYWARD
               



            . I was with Riley, and saw the prisoner with the lead under his apron - he was secured.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
