





972. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CONNELLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of March
, 2 half-crowns
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Manuel
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MANUEL
               



            . I met the prisoner between nine and ten o'clock, on the 30th of March, in Sutton-street, Soho


; I did not know her before; she said, "Well my dear," or something to that effect; we went into a passage together, but were not there more than half a minute; I then put my hand to my pocket, and my money was all correct - I had four half-crowns and 2s.; she said,"Let us go up stairs;" we went up, and she began to feel about my person, as we were on the first landing-place; we did not go into any room; I heard some money chink in her hand - I put my hand into my pocket, and missed two half-crowns; I accused her of the theft, and she dropped one halfpenny down the stairs, offered me another, and said there was my money; I said it was not, for I had lost two half-crowns; we came down stairs, and she called the watchman; I held her till the watchman came and searched her, but no half-crowns us were found; they had been in my right-hand waistcoat pocket, and could not have fallen out - I am quite sure she took them out; I had no halfpence about me; she said something about a shilling as we were going along; I was sober.


                  JOHN 
                  FRENCH
               



            . I am a watchman. I searched the prisoner as far as decency would allow; but found nothing on her - the prosecutor was quite sober, and stated the same as he has now.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going for some starch; he dragged me on the stairs; I said it was not the first time he had accused me wrongfully; he said he would transport me; I had a 1d. in my hand - he said on the stairs he would give me so and so: he had me here before for 4s. a year and a half ago, when I first came from Ireland; he was dragging me along, and the halfpence fell from me.


                  JOHN 
                  MANUEL
               



            . Upon my oath, I never saw the girl before; I never was before a Magistrate before in my life; there were a number of people round her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
