





936. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     PAYNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of April
, seven shifts, value 10 s.; a table-cloth, value 2 s.; four pinafores, value 2 s.; two petticoats, value 3 s.; two aprons, value 1 s.; a counterpane, value 3 s., and a sheet, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Phillip
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Hyam 
                        Phillips
                     



.
HYAM PHILLIPS. My father
's name is Edward - we live in Rupert-fields. On the 8th of April my mother sent me to the mangler's with a bundle. I saw the prisoner in Grove-street


, and when I was looking down the area of the house where I was to go, he took the bundle - he snatched it from under my arm, and gave it to a young man - they ran across the opening. I did not pursue them, nor call Stop thief! - I do not know that any body followed them - my mother has not got the bundle again - the prisoner was taken on the 14th of April. I know he is the boy, and I said so at the office. I knew him before that night - he was not a friend of mine, but I had seen him about the streets. I am quite sure of him.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know where he lived - A. No; but I know his name. I told the watchman of it, but nobody else.
Q. Did you say at the office that you knew the boy because he had a black coat - A. Yes; and a brown one he wore sometimes - it was not very dark - there was a gaslight in the alley.
Q. Did you call out 
               
                  Henry 
                  Phillips
               



             - A. No. I did not - the business did not take more than half a minute.


                  SARAH 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I sent my son with a bundle to Grove-street to the mangler's - it contained the articles stated in the indictment. I have not seen them since - he was not gone five minutes - he told me had been robbed by a boy, and said his name was 
               
                  Henry 
                  Payne
               



            .


                  MOSES 
                  FORTUNE
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth-street - the boy gave a very good description of the prisoner, and mentioned his name. I was some days looking for him - he came to me again on the 14th, and said he had seen Payne go to a public-house. I went with him, and he pointed him out in the tap-room.
Prisoner's Defence. I knew nothing of it till the officer came and took me.


                  JOHN 
                  GRANT
               



            . I am a tobacco-pipe maker. I lived in the house with the prisoner, at No. 42, Cannon-street-road. I can take upon myself to say, upon my God, that on that evening, and for three evenings before, and three evenings after, he was at home from seven o'clock till he went to bed. I can positively affirm to the Jury, and to all present, that that is the fact. He is not in any business. He has a mother and a father.
COURT. Q. Where do you work - A. At the west end of the town. I leave work at five or six o'clock in the evening. I have spent my evening at home for the last twelve months. I am a widower, and have no children. I sometimes go out by chance.
Q. Does this lad lodge with you - A. He occupies the front room of the first floor, and I occupy the back.
Q. What time do you go to bed - A. Sometimes at eight o'clock, sometimes at nine.
Q. Do you watch their door - A. No; they might go out, and I not know it.
Q. What impresses so strongly upon your mind aboutthe three days before, and the three days after the time spoken of - A. I do not know.
Q. How do you know the lad was in the house; can you swear positively to the six evenings you have spoken of - A. I do not know that I can.
Q. Will you tell us what you can say - A. I can answer nothing to the purpose I am called upon unknown to this business.
HYAM PHILLIPS re-examined. Q. How did you know the name of the prisoner - A. Because I had had sold him fruit, and I have heard his name from other boys. The other boys were all bigger than him; I should not know any of them. It was very moon-light, and there was a gas-light. I cannot be mistaken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
