





1749. 
               
                  DOROTHY 
                  HAMMOND
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of March
, a petticoat, value 18 d.; three blankets, value 2 s.; three frocks, value 3 s.; a gown, value 6 d.; a table cloth, value 2 s., and a wrapper, value 3 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Edwards
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am the wife of John Edwards, a butcher
, and live in Princess-street


. The prisoner lived in my house between six and seven months, and left it the latter end of June; before she went I missed a flannel petticoat and asked her about it - she said she knew nothing of it - I have since missed the other articles.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not pawn these things for you. A. No.
Q. The way I became possessed of the ticket was, you had got my ticket instead? A. I have none belonging to her, and never had.


                  HENRY 
                  CAMPER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker and live in White-chapel-road - these articles were pawned at our shop, but I cannot tell by whom.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  HENRY 
                  MAGNUS
               



            . I took the prisoner on another charge - I told her what she was charged with - she said she knew nothing about it - I found the key of her room, and she told me that in the cupboard was a pocket-book, which she wished me to take particular care of, as there were things in it of great importance; I got it, and found in it forty duplicates, and this was one of them.
Prisoner. I told him where the pocket-book was - my husband is at sea, and it is all spite because I cannot pay her - I am indebted to her in a great sum of money which I cannot pay till my husband comes home.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There were two other indictments against the prisoner.
