





742. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March
, eighty-three pounds of cheese, value 3 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bousfield
                  




               
            .


                  ANTHONY 
                  BOUSFIELD
               



            . My brother Thomas is a cheesemonger
, and lives in Carnaby-street


. I saw this cheese safe at half-past seven o'clock in the evening of the 26th of March, and found it at the watchhouse that night.


                  JOHN 
                  PEDDER
               



            . On the 26th of March, in the evening, I and two men ran in pursuit, hearing that a cheese was stolen, and saw the prisoner a quarter of a mile from the shop, with the cheese on his shoulder; two men were with him, one of them was carrying his hat - I passed them, and went to the end of the street to look for a watchman, and as I returned, the young man who went with me had come up with them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CARNEY
               



            . I am a watchman. I stopped the prisoner with the cheese on his shoulder; he said he was to have 6 d. to carry it to Crown-court, but he had passed Crown-court, and was going into Wardour-street.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I received him in charge. I have known him for five years; and until within the last month be has borne a good character.
Prisoner's Defence. I was hired to carry it to Crown-court; the man who was with me carried my hat.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CARNEY
               



            . He did not mention any persons name in Crown-court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
