






732. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PURKIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of June

, 18 lbs. of sugar, value 16 s.; 10 lbs. of currants, value 9 s., and 3 lbs. of other sugar, value 1 s. 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel 
                     Fenn
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John Lee 
                     Hewson
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to be stolen
            .
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  LEE HEWSON
               



            . I am in partnership with Mr. 
               
                  Nathaniel 
                  Fenn
               



            ; we are wholesale grocers

, and live in Botolph-lane



, the prisoner, Purkis, was our carman
. On the 7th of June Child and Dean called and informed us we had been robbed, and that Small was in custody - they produced a loaf of sugar to me, which I knew by the mark to be our property.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHILD
               



            . I am a constable of St. Saviour's. On the 7th of June I was with Dean in the middle of High-street, Borough, and saw a cart coming towards St. Margaret's-hill, it stopped near Union-street - Purkis was walking on the other side, nearly facing Union-street; he was dressed in a coarse frock and apron. When the cart stopped he went and put in a bag and a bundle which he had under his left arm. He got into the cart, and Small, who was the driver, drove on. They covered the bag over with straw. They stopped at a gin-shop near St. Thomas's Hospital, Small got out and went in there, Purkis remained in the cart. We kept sight of the cart - it went over London Bridge, and stopped by the church at the corner of Lower Thames-street, City; Purkis then got out, and immediately went down Lower Thames-street, towards the prosecutors'; Small drove the cart along Upper Thames-street, and to very nearly opposite Cripplegate Church. He stopped by a ruinous place, and left the cart there for about a quarter of an hour; he went to Ship-yard, then returned, let down the tail-board of the cart, took the straw off the bag, and took the bag out. I followed him to Ship-yard again, and entered the yard with him. He went into a house on the left-hand side. I went into the passage, and asked him what he had got? I saw him move his arm as if he threw something away, and heard it fall on the ground. A person ran up stairs, I followed, leaving Small in charge. I found it was a woman who ran up, I found nothing on her. I heard Dean and Small scuffling together and went down; he said Dean should not hold him, I secured him. I saw Dean take the bag from under the table, it contained a loaf of sugar and a bundle of currants, which the prosecutors claimed. I put him in the cart, and drove him to Giltspur-street Compter. I drove the cart over to a Mr. Story's, whose name was on it, and then went to a house in a yard in High-street, Borough, where I understood he lodged. In a cupboard on the first-floor landing-place I found a handkerchief with several pieces of loaf sugar in it, also a pair of small scales, which had currants sticking to them. I then went and took Purkis at his masters', and asked him if he was not the man who went over London Bridge as I drove the cart back? he said No, he had not been away from the premises. I took him to the Compter, and found a bag under his frock, which had currants sticking to the inside of it, and raw sugar at the bottom, as if it had contained some. On pulling up his frock I found a cord fastened round his waist, also a cord under his breeches.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. I believe he was ruptured, and so you found the cord round his waist - A. I do not know.


                  RICHARD 
                  DEAN
               



            . I am a constable. I was with Child; his account his correct. When he ran up after the woman Small attempted to pass me, I said he should not till I knew whether things were right or not. A scuffle ensued, he tried to get from me, Child came to my assistance, and we secured him. I heard the bag fall under the table.


                  JOHN 
                  KEPPLE
               



            . I am warehouseman to the prosecutors. I know the sugar to belong to them. Purkis was not in the habit of buying sugar - I know nothing of Small. I sleep in the house. Purkis was not sent out with anything that day, and had no business out. He ought to be at the warehouse at six o'clock. I saw the bag found on him, it had both raw sugar and currants in it. The handkerchief found in a yard in the Borough I am certain is Purkis's - he used to bring his victuals in it.
PURKIS'S Defence. I was not out of the premises except to fetch a newspaper from Cornhill - the handkerchief is not mine. I had the things given to me in the Borough; the man told me to take them to Ship-yard.
SMALL'S Defence. I met this man, who told me a person had given him the things to take to Ship-yard, and the person would be there to pay. He told me to leave them there.
PURKIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SMALL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
