





1052. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK GEORGE 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of May
, 1 seal, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Gibson
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  GIBSON
               



            . I am a jeweller
, and live in Bishopsgate-street Within


. On the 16th of May the prisoner came into the shop, about five o'clock in the afternoon. and asked for a seal, about 28s.; I showed him a great many - he was alone; after looking at them he said he wanted one that was engraved - I told him I would get him one engraved, as I had none; he said he lived at Hampstead, and that his father was a hay-salesman, and he might not be in town for six months again - I said I was in the habit of riding through Hampstead every morning on coming to town, and I would get him one engraved, and leave it at his father's; he said nothing to that - I turned round, leaving the tray on the counter, and went to get another tray, and showed him more seals, none would suit, and he was going out, but my young man came round and accused him of taking one seal - he said he had got no seal, and appeared much hurt at the accusation, and said he should bring his father to clear his character; I said if he was an innocent lad he could not object to empty his pockets, and that he might have taken one by mistake - he objected to that; I said I should insist on it, if he did not do it quietly - he then took out both his pockets in a very singular way; I said I should come round and convince myself - I came round, felt his pockets, outside, and felt the seal, took it out of his pocket, and gave him in charge; it is gold, and worth 2l.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not say I had nothing belonging to you? A. Yes; I did not put the seal into your pocket.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FAULKENER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Gibson. After the prisoner had been some time in the shop, I stood on the other side of the counter looking at him, and saw his hand glide from the counter on to the first tray of sealswhile Mr. Gibson was looking for another tray - I saw him take a seal up; he looked at some more for about twenty minutes - he was going out, when I came round and asked what he had done with the seal he took from the counter; he said he had taken none but what he had restored to its place - I saw him searched, and observed he did not quite take out his right-hand pocket; Mr. Gibson wished to satisfy himself - put his hand to his pocket, felt something hard, and took out the seal.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAPWELL
               



            . I took him in charge. He told me his father lived in Heathcoat-court, Strand - I went, and found his father there; he is a book-binder.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The young man came round and said, "I think you have a seal;" I said I had not - he said, "I cannot tell whether you have one in your pocket or whether you put it down;" I pulled both my pockets out.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
