





120. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of November
, a watch, value 40 s. three seals, value 18 s., a key, value 1 s., and a ring, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Shaw
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Slater
                     



.
RICHARD SHAW. I am a groom out of place
. On the 4th of November I lodged at James Slater's, the Two Chambers public-house, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square


 - the prisoner had lodged there about a month, but had no business in the house that night - he slept in the same room, but in a different bed. I went to bed about eleven o'clock on the 3d of November, and put my watch under the bolster - he was in bed then. I got up about a quarter to eight o'clock - it was then safe. I went out, leaving it there, returned in an hour, and missed it - he did not sleep there after; but on the morning of the 6th, he came to me, and said he understood that I charged him with it, and he was come to clear his character, I gave him in charge - nobody but him and the pot-boy slept in the room - he told the officer he had pawned it in Whitechapel, and lost the duplicate.


                  JOHN 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Whitechapel. On the morning of the 4th of November the watch was pawned for 2 l. I believe the prisoner to be the person.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FROST
               



            . I am an officer. I took him in charge; he said, he had pawned it in Whitechapel, and lost the duplicate.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY. Aged 22. Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
