





1451. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MACK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of July
, 1 coal-scuttle, value 6s.; 3 shoe brushes, 3s. 6d., and 1 bottle of blacking, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Brumwell
               




            .


                  JANE 
                  ELSEY
               



            . I am servant to William Brumwell, who lives in Connaught-terrace, Paddington


. On the 2d of July, at half-past five o'clock in the morning, a person knocked at the door; I got up, and opened it, but saw nobody there - I went up again, and called my master, then came down, and saw a small deal table standing against the wall in the area, with the blacking-bottle on it, and these brushes under it - the coal-scuttle stood in the corner of the area, tied up - nobody could come there without getting over the rails; there are no steps. The prisoner was in the area, near the table, which had been moved from quite another part of the area, and the coal-scuttle under it - I said nothing to him, but sent for an officer.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHILDS
               



            . I am a stable-man, and live at Paddington. On the morning of the 2d of July I was going along Connaught-terrace, and saw a person or two standing, and saying it was not all right; they knocked at the door - I peeped over, and saw the prisoner in the area, and the articles as the witness has described. I saw the prisoner take the bottle of blacking out of his pocket, and put it on the table, while Mr. Brumwell was looking another way.


                  PETER 
                  HOLT
               



            . I am a constable. I found the articles in the area - the scuttle was tied in a handkerchief.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
