





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               




28. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BENTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of October
, five shirts, value 25 s., and two handkerchiefs, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Barnett
                        



                     
                  ; and one pair of shoes, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Spencer
                        



                     
                  , from her person
            .


                  SARAH 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I live with my mother, in Vinegar-lane, Commercial-road - she is a laundress. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Barnet
               



             is my father-in-law. On the 30th of October, about a quarter before eight o'clock, I was in Gravel-lane


 with a bundle of linen, into which I put a pair of shoes which I had bought there. As I came out of the shop, I saw three men standing there - one of them snatched my bundle, and was gone in a moment; one of the others ran after him. The prisoner held me fast while the others got away - he held me full two or three minutes; it was moon-light, and the lamps were lit; I screamed out for assistance, and he ran towards the others, but was stopped before I lost sight of him - I am certain of him. My bundle was produced in a few minutes; it had been picked up in the direction they ran.


                  JOHN 
                  AVERY
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I heard a young woman scream out, and ran to her - she said,
"They have got my bundle, there he goes, that is him." The other two ran up Chigwell-hill, and the prisoner ran up by the dock wall, and took to the left. I secured him; she immediately said he was the man who held her. I went to Chigwell-hill, and picked up the bundle. The linen belonged to a Captain, and was given up to him. I asked how he came there, he said he went on an errand from his master, Mr. Ward, French-alley, Goswell-street, and afterwards said he went on his own pleasure.
(Shoes produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to the Black Horse, public-house, Gravel-lane, to see a man. The prosecutrix screamed out, and said she was robbed - I went up and asked who by; she said a man, and pointed towards the wall-several people ran, and I was taken.


                  SARAH 
                  SPENCER
               



            . He did not come and ask who robbed me. I am certain of him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
