






1224. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     JORDAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BESSANT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of June
, 1 carpet bag, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lane
               



             and 
               
                  Allen 
                  Billing
               



            .
GEORGE JUDGE. On the 1st of June, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was standing near Waterloo-bridge - I saw the two prisoners follow a gentleman, and then they passed on, and went to the prosecutors' shop; Jordan made an attempt to take a trunk, which he could not do - they then turned back and went to the shop again; I lost sight of them for about two minutes - we then crossed the way and went on to Somerset-house, looked down a turning, and saw them tying up something in a handkerchief; they came up, and I took Jordan, who had this bag under his left arm - Bessant ran off, and Fogg took him.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. You did not see them take the bag? A. No; I saw them attempting a gentleman's pocket before - they then went and tried another gentleman's pocket; I was on the other-side of the way.
THOMAS FOGG. I was with Judge in the Strand. I saw the prisoners together for about an hour; I know the prosecutors' shop - I saw Jordan stand against it, and Bessant was opposite; I then saw them going towards the Strand - Jordan had something under his arm; they went down a turning which leads to the Adelphi - we came up to them, and Judge took this bag from Bessant.


                  JOHN 
                  BRODERICK
               



            . I am shopman to Thomas Lane and 
               
                  Allen 
                  Billing
               



            , trunk-makers. This is their bag; I did not miss it till the next morning - I had seen it safe at eight o'clock in the evening; I left at nine o'clock - the officer came after I was gone; we had only one of this pattern.
Cross-examined. Q. Is there a private mark on it? A. No; I know it by hanging it up so often - it is not an uncommon pattern; the workmanship makes me positive it is the same - they are made by women; the handle of this is worn away by hanging it up so many times - I was thinking I should clean it up; it is what we call a halfyard bag, the next size would be a half-ell - our shop is very long.
JORDAN'S Defence. I was passing the Strand on the 1st of June, and met a person I knew, who had this bundle - we went and had a pint of beer; he asked me to hold the bundle while he went on one side, and the officer came and took me; I never saw this prisoner before.
JORDAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
BESSANT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
