





165. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SAUNDERS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 18th of November
, 1 cart, value 8l., and 1 set of harness, value 1l.; the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Partridge
                     




                  , of which 
                     
                        John 
                        Smith
                     



                   has been tried and convicted of stealing, well-knowing them to have been stolen
            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  HARMER
               



            . I am an attorney. I have an office copy of the record of the conviction of James Smith, at Chelmsford. I have compared it with the original, and found it correct, read.


                  ROBERT 
                  PARTRIDGE
               



            . I live at Horset, in Essex - I am a publican and a little farmer
. I lost a cart and harness on the 18th of November - it had been safe the night before - I have seen it since at the prisoner's premises at Sermon-lane, Islington - it was worth 9l.


                  JAMES 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a baker. The prisoner rented the stable of me, in which the cart was found - I had one key of it, and had the privilege of keeping a truck there. On the morning the cart was found, the 18th of November, my truck was brought and put under my window - it was brought there sometimes by the prisoner, and sometimes by others; I afterwards went with the street-keeper and an officer, to the stable; I tried to open it with the key, but could not; I then found the lock was gone, and it was tied with a bit of string to the cill, and a book; I saw a strange cart there and a harness.
JURY. Q. Was there room for your truck when the cart was there? A. When Saunders' own cart was there there was, but not when the strange cart was there - I could not get it in.
Prisoner. Q. Who put in your truck on the night before? A. I do not know whether it was in or out. I did not see it standing out - I did not put it in myself - the cart was brought there on the Thursday morning.


                  THOMAS 
                  COPE
               



            . I am street-keeper. On the morning of Friday, the 18th of November, I went, by the direction of the prisoner, to Sermon-lane. I had apprehended him on another charge, and, as I was going to put him into the inner place, he said "I will tell you something - if you go to my stable, and wait there, a tall man, with a rough great coat, and pockets outside, will come on a horse, to fetch a cart away! but you must hang up the lantern in a particular place, and whistle, or it will be no go. I went and did so, and the man came about a quarter before six o'clock, it was one Smith.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you tell me it would be better to tell the whole truth? A. No, I told you to hold your bother.
Q. Did not you say I was not to tell the Magistrate that? A. No; I made no promise of any sort.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LACK
               



            . I can state no more than the apprehension of the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I had the misfortune to become acquainted with Smith, through a man whom I used to meet at the market - he came and asked if I could make room in my stable to put a horse and cart in; I said I did not know, but if it was not large, I would see; he said he should not want it there longer than Friday night; I said I would make room for it. He came on Thursday night- it was put in, and he sent a man, with a truss of hay, to clean the horse; all I was to receive was the remains of the hay, and 1s. As to making any confession, and saying it would be of no go, I declare, by the word of God and man, it is false; I merely stated that a man would come to take the cart; the stable door was open and Mr. Young had a key as well as myself.
COURT to THOMAS Cope. Q. Are you quite sure he made use of the expression that you must hang up the light and whistle, or it would be of no go? A. Yes, I am.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            . See page 17.
