





1150. 
               
                  
                     AMELIA 
                     SAVAGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 29th of June
, a frock, 2 s.; and a pinafore, 1 s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Winch
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Caroline 
                           Winch
                        



.


                  SARAH 
                  WINCH
               



            . I live in Rose-street, Covent-garden. My husband's name is Robert, he is a shoemaker
. My daughter Caroline is four years of age
. On the 29th of June, about half-past five o'clock, in the evening, she went out with me for a walk; she had a pinafore and frock on. I did not see the prisoner till I saw her, with the child in her hand, at the corner of Russel-court. I was looking in at a shop window, and missed the child, and found her again. at Bow-street office about two hours after. About three quarters of an hour after I lost the child, I met the prisoner in Drury-lane with my child's clothes in her hand. I took hold of her and took the clothes away, and asked what she had done with the child? she said she knew nothing about the child. In a few minutes an officer came, and took her by the direction of Mr. Lawrence. I am sure the clothes are what my child had on; she gave no account of how she came by them.
Prisoner. Q. You asked me where I got the clothes - A. No I did not, I asked what you had done with the child.


                  RICHARD 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at the corner of Blackman-street. The prisoner came to my shop about six o'clock, and offered a parcel to my young man in my presence, as soon as he opened it a woman spoke to him, and he jumped over the counter and went to speak to the woman. The prisoner said she wished I would serve her as she had been there some time; I took the frock and pinafore and looked at them, she asked 2 s. for them, I offered her 1 s.; she would not take it - she said she had bought them but a fortnight, and they cost her 4 s. I then gave her the parcel back, and as she went out at the back door, my young man came in at the front door with Mrs. Winch, and told me of this circumstance, I ran out and took her at the corner of Clare-market. Mrs. Winch asked her what she had done with the child? she said she had not seen it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WINDWOOD
               



            . I am a badge porter of the Inner-temple. On the 29th of June, in the evening, I was going into the temple, and saw two or three persons at No. 3, Pump-court, and the child sitting on the step crying without frock or pinafore. In consequence of the child's stating her name to be 
               
                  Caroline 
                  Winch
               



            , and that her father was a boot and shoemaker, I took her to Bow-street. I saw her mother at Bow-street. The father met me at the corner of Rose-street, and claimed her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MASTERS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live with Mr. Turner, in Bridges-street. I saw the prisoner about half an hour after the robbery; she offered a frock and pinafore for 2 s. I had heard the prosecutrix say, those articles had been stolen, and I spoke to my fellow shop-man about the pattern of the frock - I then gave her back the things, and she went out - I saw her again at Bow-street.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to Bow-street with these things. I have kept them ever since. I asked her what she had done with the child? she said she had not seen it; but found the things in Turner's passage.


                  ROBERT 
                  WINCH
               



            . I am the father of the child. I found. the child at the top of Rose-street, in the care of Windwood The frock and pinafore were gone. I am sure she went out with them on; I am certain of the property being mine; it is worth about 3 s.
Prisoner's Defence. I went out, in distressed circumstances, to sell a coat to get me some shoes; finding I could not sell it, I was taking it to pledge - I went from one pawnbroker to another, and picked these things up in the court; when I got to Drury-lane the woman stopped me, and said they were her's; I had not seen the child, and know nothing about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
