






1309. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MASON
                  




               
             & 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HOWARD
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of a certain man unknown, from his person
            .
THOMAS GOOK. I am an officer. I was on duty near the palace on the day of the drawing-room, the 30th of April - I saw the two prisoners and another person in the crowd; they went close to a gentleman, and Howard put his hand into his pocket - they went on, and Howard put his hand in again, took out a handkerchief, and gave it to Mason, who I thought put it into his trousers, but it was under his jacket - I followed them, and pushed them into an open place; I touched the gentleman, and said, "You have lost your handkerchief;" he said No - I said, "Feel, sir;" he then said he had, and owned this as his: I begged him to come with me, but he said he would not have any trouble with it - I begged him to give me his card, but unfortunately it has no address on it, only the name; I took the prisoners, and the gentleman appeared to follow me - I lost him; the prisoners were remanded twice, but I could not find him.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  MARSHALL
               



            . I am a constable of St. James'. I was on duty with Gook - I did not see the prisoners till Gook said, "Hold these two fellows;" he touched the gentleman on his shoulder, and said, "You have lost your silk handkerchief;" he felt, and said, "I have" -Gook said, "I can show you where it is," and pointed to Mason, and said, "It is in his trousers, I believe," but he found it in his waistcoat - the gentleman said it was his, but refused to prosecute.
MASON'S Defence. I received this handkerchief on the pavement, and had it a quarter of an hour before the officer had any suspicion of me - he then took hold of me, and let me go, and took Howard; the gentleman said it was not his; the constable asked him if he would go to St. James' watch-house - he said, "I can give you no satisfaction, the property is not mine;" Gook said, "It is not likely you will get much hurt, as there is no smell to appear against you;" I have since found he meant by smell a gentleman; I said "I am outward bound, and have no money to give you."
HOWARD'S Defence. I am innocent, and have been in the infirmary.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  MARSHALL
               



             re-examined. The gentleman said at first he had not been robbed, and then said he had- Gook showed him the handkerchief, and he owned it on the spot.
MASON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
HOWARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
