





1872. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SHILLINGHALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of October
, 35 live tame fowls, price 3l. 10s., and 2 live tame geese, price 5s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Jeremiah 
                     Humphreys
                  




               
            .


                  JEREMIAH 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I live at Chingford-green, Essex


. On the night of the 8th of October, or early on the morning of the 9th, my hen-house, which was locked, had been broken open, and between thirty and forty fowls taken; I have seen some of them since - the prisoner worked in the neighbourhood: they were safe on the Thursday night, at half-past ten o'clock.


                  THOMAS 
                  ATKINS
               



            . On Friday, the 9th of October, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner standing by a man who was emptying a ditch; as we were approaching him he took to the field, and ran away - I saw him throw three fowls into a hedge; I pursued the prisoner about fifty yards, then came back, and took the fowls out of the hedge - this was about seven miles from Chingford. I knew the prisoner before.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What became of the other man? A. He was emptying a ditch; I knew him - he was employed there; I do not know whether the prisoner spoke to him - a man named 
               
                  William 
                  Field
               



             was taken up for this, and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Ford
               



             and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Bigwell
               



             -I cannot tell how the prisoner came by the fowls.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Atkins, and received the prisoner from a person who took him - these are the feet of the three fowls.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  HUMPHREYS
               



            . I saw the fowls, and could swear to two of them by their colour, and by having broken claws.
Prisoner's Defence. The fowls never were in my possession - I was in bed and asleep that night.


                  THOMAS 
                  POLLARD
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live at Stoke Newington. The prisoner lodged with me about two months - on the Thursday night in question, I saw him at eleven o'clock, when I came in with a pint of beer; I asked him if they were all in - he said Yes; I locked and bolted the door - I had a pair of shoes to make that night; I began them at half-past eleven o'clock, and finished them about four - about three in the morning I went down, and asked him if he had a bit of candle; he jumped up in his bed, and told me to take it off the table - about five o'clock I went down again, to fill the tea-kettle, and saw him getting up, and putting on his smock-frock.
COURT. Q. Were you ever at Chingford? A. No - I did work at Mr. Plumber's, a shoemaker, at Laytonstone; I left the key of the door in the lock that night - my house is half a mile from Stamford-hill; I had nothing to do with the fowls - he left my house about half-past five o'clock on Friday morning; I did not give evidence before the Magistrate, but I was present. I am deaf, and did not hear when I was called.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
