






1029. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 27th of June
, a handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Simon 
                           Phipps
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMON PHIPPS
               



            . I am clerk
 to a ship-broker, and live in Manor-place, Walworth. On the 27th of June, between twelve and one o'clock, I was going from Mincing-lane


 towards the Custom-house, with a handkerchief in my pocket, and was called back by some persons, and on feeling in my pocket, it was gone; I had not seen the prisoner, but found him in custody in Tower-street; my handkerchief was produced; he gave it to me himself; it is silk, and worth 2 s.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What became of it after it was given to you - A. I put it in my pocket. and went home; it was a yellow handkerchief, and my name was on it I believe; but I have other handkerchiefs marked the same way. I will not be positive that the one produced is the identical one.
MR. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  GEORGE TUCKER
               



            . I am a merchant, and live in Queenhithe. On the 27th of June, between twelve and one o'clock, I stood in an office, at the corner of Mincing-lane and Tower-street, and saw Mr. Phipps step off the pavement to pass a gentleman; and at that moment, I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief out of his pocket, and put it in his left breast: I ran out after him immediately, desiring another person to inform Mr. Phipps; the prisoner walked a few steps round the corner, and then began to run; I called Stop thief! he was not five yards from me, I overtook him without losing sight of him, collared him, brought him back to Mr. Phipps, and said this man has taken your handkerchief; he replied,
"I did not, I picked it up;" but I saw him take it from the pocket; he then produced it from his right hand coat pocket, and delivered it to Mr. Phipps.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you in a shop - A. In an office looking through a window, I was within twenty feet of him; I did not see him change it from his breast to his pocket; I did not lose sight of him, even in turning the corner.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a constable, and was on duty in Tower-street, and was informed of this; I went to the watch-house and found the prisoner there - he was indignant at my detaining him; the prosecutor not being there, the Lord Mayor remanded him till next day; the handkerchief was not produced then; the prosecutor afterwards delivered it to me - it is marked W. P. and has a paint mark.
MR. PHIPPS. I threw the handkerchief among my foul linen the day after this circumstance; and when desired to produce it, I found another of the same pattern, and cannot say which is the stolen one; but the one the prisoner delivered to me was what I had in my pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. Several people passed before me; I picked the handkerchief off the ground; Mr. Tucker immediately hallowed out Stop thief! I was taken, and said I picked it up, and if the gentleman would describe it, I would return it; he said it was yellow, and I immediately gave it him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
