





Before Lord Chief Justice Abbott.
775. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  PERRY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of February
, 4 gowns, value 25s.; 5 shifts, value 2s.; 1 child's coat, value 2s.; 3 aprons, value 18d.; 1 petticoat, value 18d.; 2 shawls, value 10d.; 6 frocks, value 6s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 2 caps, value 5s.; 4 bed-gowns, value 3s.; 4 pinafores, value 1s.; 2 pairs ofstockings, value 3s.; 3 books, value 2s.; 1 sheet, value 18d.; 1 counterpane, value 4s. and 1 umbrella, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Sarah 
                        Pavett
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Lowe
                     



.
SARAH PAVETT. I lodge in Essex-street, Kingsland-road


, at Mr. Lowe's - I do not know the name of the parish; Samuel Lowe keeps the house. The prisoner came to lodge with me the beginning of February; she paid me 1s. a week for part of my bed. I went out to nurse the beginning of February, leaving the key with her, as I slept out; I locked my drawers, and am sure every thing was safe; I came home in a fortnight and three days, about eight o'clock in the evening, found the door locked, and the key laying on the floor, by the side of the door - I had been home once in the interval; my drawers were then locked, but I did not look into them. When I came home on this evening the prisoner was not there; I missed some of this property from a box - I did not sleep at home that night; I had lost the keys of my drawers a few days before I went to my place, which was the reason I did not open them; I had them broken open the next morning, and missed the rest of the property. I did not see the prisoner till the 28th of February, when I found her at Hackney work-house, where she received 2s. a week. I had her taken into custody, and she produced several duplicates.


                  JOHN 
                  GARVA
               



            . I am a constable, and apprehended the prisoner - she produced several duplicates, which I have here; she said they were all of Mrs. Pavett's property.


                  RICHARD 
                  LAW
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Shoreditch. On the 12th of February the prisoner pawned a shawl with me, in the name of Perry - a gown and silk handkerchief on the 21st - a frock and apron on the 15th, for 9d. - on the 17th a gown, for 1s. 6d., a pincloth and frock, for 6d. - on the 23d some child's things, for 6d., and on the 15th of February a sheet.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner pleaded distress.
GUILTY. Aged 42.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 20s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
