





THIRD DAY. SATURDAY, JANUARY 13.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
311. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Shirt
                        




                     
                  , he and others being therein, about eleven o'clock in the forenoon of the 26th of December
, and stealing 1 watch, value 25s.
            , his property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHIRT
               



            . I am a watch-maker
, and live in the City-road


. On the 26th of December, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I was called from the back garden into the shop by my daughter, and found the prisoner there - I asked what business he had there; he said he wanted a Mr. Jones - no such person lived with me; Starke, who had come into the shop with some work, then said he had been round the counter - I took him into the back parlour, with a neighbour, in whose presence I found this watch, in his right-hand jacket pocket - I had seen it on the work-board, behind the counter, a quarter of an hour before - he asked me to excuse him, but I took him to the office.


                  MIRA 
                  OLIVIA SHIRT
               



            . I am the prosecutor's daughter. I had left the shop about two minutes, and gone into the kitchen behind the parlour, and on returning I found two boys in the shop; I asked the prisoner (who was the eldest) what he wanted; he asked for Mr. Jones - I said I knew no such person, and I asked how long he had been in the shop - I then turned to Starke, who had come in with some work; he said the prisoner had been round the counter; I asked what he had been doing there - he said, Nothing; I laid my hand on him, and my father came, secured him, and found the watch on him - my father, my mother, and myself were the only persons in the house - we have no servant.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STARKE
               



            . I had just come into the shop, and saw the prisoner behind the counter; the door was ajar - I called Miss Shirt, and he was secured - I did not see the watch taken from him.


                  DAVID 
                  BROOKE
               



            . I am a cheesemonger. I saw Mr. Shirt take the watch from the prisoner - he begged to be excused.(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 16.




               Of stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
