





1801. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HUMPHRIES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of August
, 1 watch, value 2l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Claridge
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  CLARIDGE
               



            . I am a widow, and carry on the milk business
 - I live at Camberwell


. The prisoner came on the 28th of August to see my servant and my sister; he comes out of our country - and he said he had got a letter from our country, which is Gloucestershire; he staid about three-quarters of an hour; I was backwards and forwards in the kitchen - after he was gone I missed a silver watch off a nail over the mantel-piece - I had seen it while he was there - this is it.
Prisoner. Q. Did you observe it after 
               
                  John 
                  Hemmings
               



             left the house? A. I do not know that I did - he left about a quarter of an hour before you.



                  MARY 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's niece. The prisoner came to see me; the watch was on the mantel-piece; I saw it at twenty minutes before he left - he left at twenty minutes after twelve o'clock; I did not notice it after Hemmings left.


                  JOHN 
                  BENBRIDGE
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker. I took in this watch from the prisoner on the 28th of August, between two and five o'clock, in the name of 
               
                  William 
                  Humphries
               



            .
Prisoner. Q. Can you swear I am the man? A. I can, for he asked me the value of it at the time - our shop is at Aldgate.


                  ROBERT 
                  PINDER
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner on the 29th of August; he said he knew nothing about it; 
               
                  Mary 
                  White
               



             said, "Bill, what did you take it for?" he said,
"I did not."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven 
Years
            .
