





202. 
               
                  CATHARINE 
                  FIELD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of December
, two sheets, value 12 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Jones
               




            .
JAMES JONES. I keep the Peacock public-house, Clare-market




. I lost two sheets from a bed in my attic on the 22d of December. I saw the prisoner in my house about twelve o'clock at noon on that day - she came for a glass of liquor - the stairs come down into the passage, and a person could go up them before they get to the tap-room. I had seen them safe about ten o'clock, and missed them while she was in the house. I went to Mr. Cameron, the pawnbroker's, about one o'clock, and found them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Cameron, pawnbroker, Strand. I took in two sheets for 6 s. about half an hour before they were claimed by Mr. Jones. I am pretty certain it was the prisoner who pawned them; she brought another pair the next day - I accused her of having stolen those she brought the day before - she denied it, and I thought from her denying it so strongly, that I might be mistaken, but I have no doubt she is the person; they were pawned in the name of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Mitchel
               



            , Drury-lane.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  RICHARD 
                  HEWIT
               



            . I am a stable-keeper. On the 22d of December I was in my yard, at the back of the Peacock, about ten o'clock in the morning of that day, and saw the prisoner go in at the back door, which opens into my yard. I did not see her come out again. I went into the Peacock about twelve o'clock; I then saw her taking a glass of liquor at the bar. I had heard of the robbery about eleven o'clock - I told Mr. Jones I had seen her go into the house before, while she was drinking her glass of liquor. I have seen her a hundred times before, and have known her these ten years.


                  JOHN 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am a constable. I took charge of her on the 23d of December, for stealing another article at the Three Jolly Butchers, in Gilbert-street, Clare-market.
The Prisoner put in a written defence, which related to another indictment.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
