





1115. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SCRIVEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing; on the 24th of July
, one time-piece, value 30 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Tyler
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  TYLER
               



            . I live in Little Tichfield-street


. The time-piece was on the mantle-piece in the parlour - I saw it safe at nine o'clock on the morning of the 24th of July, and when I returned at half-past three o'clock, it was gone. I found it in pawn on the 4th of August. I saw the prisoner in Charles-street, near the Middlesex Hospital, about three o'clock in the afternoon of the 24th of July, with a time-piece in his hand, but did not at that time know it to be mine; he held it with the dial downwards, and I could not examine it. I am sure he is the man.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say, you could not swear I was the man - A. I said I could not swear to his dress, but was positive to his features.


                  JAMES 
                  TURRELL
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Wise, a pawnbroker, the prisoner offered the time-piece in pawn about the 24th of July. I am sure he is the man. We sent for Lack, who took him; he was examined before the Magistrate, and discharged; he came three times after it - he was apprehended in our shop; he said he had had it three years. We advertised it, and it was claimed.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not wait in the shop while you sent for the officer - A. Yes; but he did not know we had sent for one.


                  THOMAS 
                  LOVELL
               



            . I saw a man come out of Tyler's house, about half-past three o'clock, with the time-piece under his coat. I cannot swear to the prisoner, but I believe him to be the man.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for and took charge of him; he said it was his own, he was discharged, and ordered to attend on the Saturday following, which he did, and applied for an order to have it restored, and had a summons for the pawnbroker.
Prisoner's Defence. I have had it some time, my wife and I had some disturbance, I went to Wise's to pawn it, he detained it. I said I would not go till I got it. I was taken to Bow-street, and brought three people to prove it was mine, and the Magistrate discharged me. I went twice to the Magistrate's afterwards I got a warrant for the pawnbroker to have it given up.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ROBERT 
                  TYLER
               



             re-examined. I have had it seven years, the maker's name is Tubshaw, No. 529. There was no glass to it. When I lost it there was two small keys inside, and a card directing how to regulate it; all of which the pawnbroker found in it.


                  CAROLINE 
                  CRANE
               



            . I am Tyler's sister, and live with him. I know the time-piece to be his, I have observed it for years. I believe the maker's name is Tupman. There was a card in it once, I never read it.


                  JAMES 
                  TURRELL
               



            . I found two keys and a direction for regulating it, in it when he brought it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            ,
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
