





1261. 
               
                  
                     BRIDGET 
                     FARNES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of September
, one watch. value 25 s., and two seals, value 20 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Mahoney
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MAHONEY
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live in Shelton-court, Chandos-street


. On the night of Saturday, the 26th of August, the prisoner came to my house, and said she had come by coach from Brighton, and was recommended to me to lodge, mine being a quiet house. I told her to stop until my wife came in. She said her husband was a valet, and lived in Russell-square. She lodged three weeks with us, and left on the 14th of September. On the Monday previous to her leaving, I had a few friends with me, and as my wife was letting them out, the candle went out; before it was lighted again, somebody took my watch off the shelf. On the Wednesday after she left, I saw her in St Giles's, and gave her in charge - she acknowledged stealing the watch.
Prisoner. Q. Were you drunk that night - A. Quite sober.


                  CATHERINE 
                  MAHONEY
               



            . I understood the prisoner lived at Lawrence-street, and went there. Mrs. Brown gave me the duplicate.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you send me to pawn it - A. No.


                  ANDREW 
                  CONWAY
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner. She said she was very sorry to be guilty of what she had, and that she took the watch and pawned it. I said nothing to induce her to confess it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STILES
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Sherwin, a pawnbroker, who lives in Marylebone-street. On the 30th of August, the watch was pledged - I believe the prisoner to be the person.


                  GEORGE 
                  RICKETT
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Newton, a pawnbroker, who lives in Manchester-street. On the 29th of August, a seal was pledged; I do not know who by, but on the 20th of September, the prisoner came and said she had lost the duplicate, made an affidavit of, it, and brought a Jew with her to see if he would buy it.


                  JOHN 
                  MAHONEY
               



             re-examined. The watch and seal are mine. I am not certain when she first came.
GUILTY. Aged 22.




               Of stealing to the value of 36 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
