





238. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     JOHNSTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of December, a jacket, value 6 s.; a pair of trowsers, value 6 s.; a waistcoat, value 2 s.; a handkerchief, value 1 s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John James 
                           Ford
                        



                     
                  ; and a coat, value 5 s., and three shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gudgeon
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES Ford
               



            . I live at Sheerness. On the 27th of December I was in town, my clothes were on board a vessel in the Regency Canal bason


; the prisoner is a stranger to me. I was asleep in the cabin, and awoke about half-past twelve o'clock at night, and saw somebody, and called out, nobody answered; I got up and missed my clothes - I ran on deck, and saw the prisoner run across the wharf, towards the back of the White Heart, public-house; he was brought back to the pier-head with my clothes - and Gudgeon's coat was found upon him.


                  JAMES 
                  BEACHEY
               



            . I am a surveyor of the Thames-police. I saw the prisoner coming from the vessel and stopped him; he ran into the public-house yard, with the bundle under his arm. I took him back to Ford; he threw the things behind the water but.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a constable. Beachey's account is correct; Gudgeon's coat was on his back.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was never near the water side, but was turned out of the public-house, and remained in the yard; being in liquor, I went into the stable to sleep, and the gentleman came and took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
