





Before Mr. Justice Littledale.
387. 
               
                  MARY 
                  McMAHON
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of January
, 3 forks, value 30s.; 1 spoon, value 15s.; 3 sheets, value 15s.; 10 towels, value 7s., and 4 pillow cases, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        M'Beath
                     




                  , in her dwelling-house
            .
MARY M'BEATH. I live at Nos. 24 and 26, Norfolk-street, Strand


 - the prisoner was my servant
 for about four months, and left about three weeks ago for four days, being ill, and intended to return. On Thursday morning, when I expected her, the officer brought me this property, which I had not missed before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DEMPSTER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Newbery, pawnbroker, Drury-lane. On Monday evening, the 16th of January, the prisoner pawned two silver forks - she asked for 10s.; I said I could lend more, and she said"Make it 15s." - I am certain of her.


                  MARY 
                  MACK
               



            . I have known the prisoner about nine months. Two days after she left the prosecutrix I saw her at Mrs. Rafferty's, in Brewer-street - I met her afterwards in Drury-lane, and she told me she had bought a box in Brokers'-alley; I went to Brokers'-alley with her, and carried it for her to Lombard-court, to Mrs. Dunn's - it was empty - she put the key into her pocket; she told me to come there again at six o'clock, to carry the box to Rafferty's; I left her there, went at six o'clock, and took it to Rafferty's in King-street, but, as Rafferty was out, we took it to No. 30, King-street - it was very heavy then - it remained till three o'clock the next day, when I took it to Rafferty's: the prisoner then had the key of the room, and let herself in - she gave me a silver fork out of a basket which she had in her hand, and told me to pawn it for 8s., in the name of Mrs. Cook, and to say Mrs. Cook was my mistress, if I was asked about it. I took it to Newbery's, who detained me - I asked him for 9s. on it - I told him who I had it from - he sent his clerk with me to ask the prisoner if it was all right - she said Yes. I>have been in custody ever since - I am a servant out of place.


                  JOHN 
                  KNOWLES
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Newbery, of Drury-lane. Mack came to pawn a fork on the 26th of January - I detained her.


                  MARGARET 
                  DUNN
               



            . I live in Lombard-court, Sevendials, and have known the prisoner two or three years - she and Mack came to my house on Wednesday, the 25th of January, about one o'clock, with the box - the prisoner said she was better, and hoped to go to her place that night; Mack went away, the prisoner remained there - I went out at two o'clock, and returned at four - she went out and returned between five and six o'clock - Mack and her took the box away between six and seven o'clock - I had not seen it open.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COUSINS
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended Mack at Mr. Newbery's, and took the prisoner the same night at No. 30, New Compton-street. I said "How do you do, Hannah?" she said there was no Hannah there; I said "Well, Mary M'Mahon, how are you?" she made no answer - I said she must go to Bow-street, on suspicion of having stolen property, and I must search her box; she said she had no box but that I had been to; I said"What box did you mean?" she said "That box at Mrs. Rafferty's;" I searched her, and found two keys - she said they did not belong to the box; I then shewed her a key which she said belonged to the box I had been to at Rafferty's, and she had left it in her basket at Rafferty's; I told her she had sent a fork to be pawned, and I had found a spoon in her box, which seemed to have the name of M'Beath on it, and I had found several things with the same initials; she made no answer; I said it appeared there was a party connected in this; she said "No, I did it all myself" - that Mack knew nothing about it - she had given her the fork to pawn - that she had been a servant, and lived in Adam-street, but could not tell me where she lived last; Mack had shewn me the box at Rafferty's the evening before - I found in it a silver table spoon, three sheets, two table cloths, ten towels, four pillow cases, and two finger glasses, and a few things which she claimed herself at Bow-street.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I beg for mercy.
GUILTY.




               Of stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
