





520. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CRANE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of January
, 1 pair of scissors, value 6d.; 4 yardsof lace, value 10s.; 1 box, value 10d.; and 20 sovereigns
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Buckall
               




            .


                  JANE 
                  BUCKNALL
               



            . I am the wife of William Bucknll. On the 24th of January I was removing from Queen-street, Edgware-road, to King-street, Park-street; I took a hackney coach, No. 781, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening - I took the number at the time - a person named Jobbins brought it - he appeared to be the driver - the prisoner was not then present; I saw Jobbins take my things out of the parlour and put them into the coach, and among the rest was a box, which contained one pair of scissors, four yards of lace, and twenty sovereigns - there were a great many other things of value; Jobbins then got on the box and drove away - he stopped at the corner of Park-street, and took some person up, but I did not see who it was; when we got to King-street, I saw two men on the box; the prisoner was one of them - he took my things to the door, but I think Jobbins was in the coach, and gave them to him; the prisoner demanded the fee of me, and drove off from the door - I afterwards missed the box which contained the property - On the Thursday following, I offered a reward of 5l. to a waterman, and he gave me some information; I have seen the scissors since, which I can swear to.


                  BARNARD 
                  COHEN
               



            . I live in New-Court, Lower-marsh, Lambeth. I am a general dealer. Crane came to my house on Tuesday evening, the 24th of January, between nine and ten o'clock, with another person; they called me out of my back parlour, and offered a box for sale, similar to this, but I cannot say it was this; I said I would not buy it; I have known the prisoner for ten yeras, but I would never buy any thing from such kind of people.
Cross-examined by Mr. ROBERTS. Q. There was another man with him? A. Yes; but it was the prisoner who made the offer to me; I cannot tell whether the box was deal or mahogany; they caried it under their arms.
COURT. Q. You state in your deposition before the Magistrate, that the prisoner wanted to sell the box now produced? A. I did not say so; I could not say this was the box; I stated that the prisoner opened the box, but I did not buy it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  ALEXANDER
               



            . I am a hatter and salesman. I was at Cohen's shop, and remember the prisoner and another man coming there, and offering a box for sale; I was sworn before the Magistrate, and asked if I recollected this box - I said, "I was in the shop, when this, or one similar to it, was offered for sale;" I have no doubt on my mind but it was this.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it opened before you? A. Yes; the prisoner opened it a little way for Mr. Cohen to see - he said, "I will not buy it, take it out."


                  WILLIAM 
                  PURCHER
               



            . I am a publican, and live at the Marsh-gate. The prisoner brought this box to me on the Tuesday evening in question, between nine and eleven o'clock - he said, "Will you take care of this for me, and the old lady will give it me in the morning - it is for sale, and I will take two guineas for it." I asked him where he got it - he said it was a find, and he got it eight miles off; he left it with me, and about two hours afterwards I turned every thing out, to see if I could find who was the owner; he called for it the next day, I believe, but I was not up; I can only account for taking it, from being in the habit of taking things for customers.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not he say he came on account of another person? A. No.


                  HENRY 
                  WILLIAM FOWLER
               



            . I am a waterman, at the Red Lion, Marsh-gate. I know the coach, No. 781; I saw it on the evening of the 24th of January, about half-past six o'clock; Jobbins was with it - and the prisoner was the driver; I saw them again from half-past nine till eleven o'clock, in the rank; I wanted a coachman, and looking about, I saw Jobbins; I said, "You have been wanted, and where is Crane?" he said, "He is gone to get something to eat, and will you give me something to drink;" I said, "Yes;" he then said, "Here is a pair of scissors for your wife;" I saw Crane and him together afterwards.
Cross-examined. Q. Where was Jobbins when you saw him first? A. On the box.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner on the 26th of January, at the Horse Grenadier, public-house, in Oxford-street; he then had this box in his possession; he said it was all right, the box was one he had found, and the lady did not suspect him.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he know you was an officer? A. I told him so; I took him into the kitchen, where he said, in the presence of the prosecutrix, that he had not seen the box till the following morning, and it was as he had found it; there was a key in it, which would not open it, and I wrenched it open.(Box and scissors identified.)
B. COHEN. I cannot swear this was the box - it is similar to it; the prisoner has been in the habit of visiting me - he has bought clothes of me, and lived opposite to me, but I never bought any thing of him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was the coachman, and gave the lady these things; Jobbins got on the other side the horses; the lady asked my number; she had the numbers of several other coaches taken before mine; I went to the Horse Grenadier - I stood there at the time, and the lady said it was not me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
