






482. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     WOOLLER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of February
, one copper pot, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Daniel
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  DANIEL
               



            . I am a broker
, and live in Wild-passage, Drury-lane


. On the 4th of February, about twenty minutes after two o'clock, the copper pot was inside my door. Wooller came in, and asked the price of some fire-irons; I said 4 s. 6 d.; he said that was too much, and left. Morris came in about ten minutes after, looked about, and said nothing - I was in the counting-house; he called to Wooller, who came and snatched the pot up. They went down the court with it; I ran out, and overtook them two doors off, carrying it between them - Wooller was putting it into Morris's apron. They saw me, threw it down, and escaped. I followed, and secured them without losing sight of them. I picked the copper pot up.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES BESWICK
               



            . I keep Daniel's books. I was in the counting-house when Wooller came in and asked the price of the fire-irons. In about half an hour Morris came and stood before the window; he made a motion to Wooller, who came, and they both took the pot up, and ran off with it. I ran out, and saw them putting it into Morris's apron.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MORRIS'S Defence. I know nothing of it.
MORRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
WOOLLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
