





1509. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of June
, 1 ham, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Davis
                     



                  ; 1 pair of trousers, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Amor
                     



                  , and 1 pair of trousers, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Cordley
               



            .


                  THOMAS 
                  RAINE
               



            . I am groom to Mr. Burford, and when I have done for him, I work for Mr. John Davis, who is a publican
, and lives in Ratcliff-highway; I was sitting up at night for his coming home on the 5th of June, and a few minutes after ten o'clock I heard a noise in the back yard; I went out and saw the prisoner come out of the wash-house where the ham had hung -he went down the yard and went into the wash-house again; I went in, collared, and brought him out - he was quite a stranger; I put my hand into his bosom, and found this pair of trousers - another pair were found on him afterwards; and the ham was taken off the hook just within the door.


                  GEORGE 
                  DEVERELL
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house at half-past eleven o'clock; I heard a pair of trousers had been found on him, and I asked him if he had anything else; he said he had not - I searched him and found a flash-note for 50l. in his pocket-book, and this pair of trousers in his hat; he said, he had had them washed at No. 3. Union-street - I took him there, and the woman said to him, "You need not wink at me; I neither know you nor the trousers;" he said, he had belonged to the Willing Maid - there is a collier of that name.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a watchman of Shadwell. I was called to take the prisoner to the watch-house.


                  SARAH 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . I live in Field-alley, Shadwell. I had these trousers to wash for Mr. Richard Amor, and these for Mr. William Cordley; I can swear to them - I had them safe in my yard at half-past eight o'clock that evening; and missed them at ten.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into the stable to sleep; the man came and took me - I said, "I can't get on board to night;" I have lost my ship now.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
