





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
718. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of March
, 1 box, value 1s.; 6 gowns, value 20s.; 5 shifts, value 5sl.; 2 pairs of stays, value 2s.; 4 petticoats, value 8s.; 10 aprons, value 5s.; 4 pairs of stockings, value 4s.; 3 caps, value 1s.; 2 pairs of shoes, value 2s.; 2 books, value 3s., and 1 sovereign
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Williams
                  




               
            .


                  JANE 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I live in Leicester-place, Leicester-square


, and am single
; I had seen the prisoner once. On the 25th of March I gave him a box to take to No. 16, Leicester-place, Leicester-square; I gave it to him at my own door, a little before eight o'clock in the morning - I went down stairs to get my bonnet and bundle; he was to wait to go with me - I came up in about three minutes, and he was gone: I went to the place, but did not find either him or the box; I found the box at Marlborough-street, where he was in custody.


                  MARTHA 
                  BALDWIN
               



            . I found the prisoner at my house last Thursday week, talking to my husband - he asked me to pledge some things for him at Williams', Townsend's, and Lazarus' - he gave me them to pawn, and left the box in my possession.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not give you the box? A. No, you left it with me till you should return from the country.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am in the service of a pawnbroker. I have two gowns and an apron, pawned at master's, on the 26th of March, for 7s., by Baldwin.


                  THEODORE 
                  TOWNSEND
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have three shifts, pawned on the 26th of March, by Baldwin.


                  CHARLES 
                  LAZARUS
               



            . I bought two gowns, two petticoats, and a pair of stays, of Baldwin.


                  JANE 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . These are all mine.
Prisoner. She has sworn to six gowns, and there were not so many - there was no sovereign in the box.


                  JANE 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . The money was in a black purse, and there were six gowns.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on the 30th of March, in Cleaveland-street; I told him it was on a charge of stealing a box which he had from a young woman - he said he had made away with the things, but would get them all back for 8s.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that the prosecutrix had told him to come early in the morning for her box, and not to make a noise, as she was going to leave unknown to her mistress - that she promised to overtake him, but never did, and that he had pawned the articles, not being able to find the owner.


                  JANE 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I did tell him I was going to leave my place secretly.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
