






394. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BENNETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of January
, a chaise harness, value 30 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           White
                        



                     
                  , and a pair of boots, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Witty
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am a horse slaughterer
, and live in Coppice-row, Clerkenwell. On the 3d of January I found this harness at the office, which is mine. I went to the stables on the same day, and found the tiles removed and marks where they had climbed up to get through the roof. A boy could not get up without assistance.


                  GEORGE 
                  WITTY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. White. On the 2d of January, I was at my master's stables, on Back-hill, and fastened it up between half-past seven and eight o'clock; every thing was then safe. Next morning I found the door locked but the window unbolted, and my boots gone.


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . On the 3d of January, a little after ten o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoners at a coffee-shop in Skinner-street, Snow-hill, with this chaise-harness. I asked how they came possessed of it. Stevens said he had taken it out of pawn that morning. I asked how he got it before he pawned it - he gave no answer. Bennett then called me aside, and said,
"The harness was stolen last night from Clerkenwell." I said,
"Then you know something about it?" He said,
"Yes: I knew it was to be stolen a week ago, and I was to find a purchaser."
Prisoner BENNETT. Q. I told you the other boy had told me that it was stolen - A. No; he said it was stolen.


                  EMANUEL 
                  VICKERY
               



            . I lodge with Bennett, in Holloway-row, Shoreditch; he was not at home on the night of the 3d of January. I went to the coffee-shop at the corner of Fleet-market next morning, and saw the prisoners with the harness on the table. Bennett was cleaning the bridle; he threw a handkerchief over it, and went out. I went over to Stevens and said,
"I think that harness has been stolen, for Bennett has been out all night." He said,
"No, for I took it out of pawn this morning." Bennett brought a man in to buy it, but he would not, as he could not satisfy him how he got it.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I went to this coffee-shop, and took the prisoners into custody. I found a candle on Stevens, and a pair of boots on his legs, which the prosecutor claimed. The harness was there.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BENNETT's Defence. I came down about nine o'clock in the morning. Stevens came, and said he had got some harness out of pawn. I polished it up. He said if I could find any one to buy it, he would give me something. I fetched a gardener, who I knew wanted some. I said it did not belong to me.
STEVENS's Defence. White's servant told me to say I got it out of pawn. I was to bring him part of the money - he told me to wear his boots.


                  GEORGE 
                  WITTY
               



            . I know Stevens, but never told him to do it.
BENNETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
STEVENS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
