






384. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     KELLY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     BRYAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of July
, two caps, value 1 s.; a bonnet, value 3 s.; and a pair of shoes, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Willocks
                        



                     
                  ; a pair of shoes, value 18 d.; five caps, value 18 d.; two handkerchiefs, value 1 s.; two pairs of stockings, value 2 s.; three shawls, value 5 s.; a shift, value 1 s.; three gowns, value 10 s.; two petticoats, value 2 s.; and two bonnets, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Blacklaw
                        



                     
                  ; a shift, value 1 s.; and a pair of shoes, value 1 s.
            , the goods of the 
               
Directors of the Guardians of the Poor of St. Mary-le-bone



            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  SARAH 
                  WOOD
               



            . Last summer, I was a pauper in St. Mary-le-bone Workhouse; the prisoners were also paupers

 there; we all three ran away. Bryan came and asked me to run away; I said I did not know where to go to; she then went to Kelly, who agreed to go, and I said I would go with them. We all went to bed at eight o'clock at night, and at twelve we all got up; we went across the yard, and got in at the little wash-house window into the laundry; Kelly set me to watch while they dressed themselves. We took nothing except what we dressed in, which was three gowns, three pairs of shoes, three shawls, a silk handkerchief, two flannel petticoats, two shifts, five caps, and two bonnets; they put a cap or two into their bosoms, and got out of window again, went to the gate, and found a ladder; got over the gate, dropped down the wall, and went into George-street, St. Giles's. Kelly took us there. She took out a purse of money, and said, there was eight or nine shillings; she afterwards felt for it, and said she had lost it. We staid two nights at Mrs. Pierce's, in George-street - it is a house of ill fame. They sent me to pawn a gown in Tottenham-court-road; I gave Kelly the ticket. We then went and lived at Allen's, in George-street, and slept there every night, all three together, for four months.
Q. How did you get your living - A. Kelly and Bryan went on the streets, and I was their servant for four months. I was then starving, and went back to the workhouse, and told the gentlemen the truth. Kelly paid Pierce for the lodging with a silk shawl and handkerchief. The things stolen all belonged to the paupers, except a shift and a pair of shoes.



                  JANE 
                  BLACKLAW
               



            . I am laundress at Mary-le-bone work-house; the paupers' clothes are in my care. The prisoners and Thorp went away in the night, about the middle of the summer; they had left the laundry between seven and eight o'clock at night. I locked the door and left all safe, and in the morning found the wash-house window broken open, and the door burst open, to get to the laundry. I missed the articles stated in the indictment; five caps and two handkerchiefs belonged to me. My husband's name is Robert. I have since seen a gown, a cap, and petticoat.


                  HENRY 
                  STOWELL
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended Kelly in Church-lane, St. Giles's, and Bryan in Bainbridge-street. I had met Martin with a gown, took it from her, and went back to Kelly; she said the gown was her's, that she took it out of the workhouse when she ran away. I found a cap on her head, and the duplicates of two petticoats on her.


                  JANE 
                  MARTIN
               



            . Kelly gave me the gown to pawn, and the officer met me with it. I had been put out by the parish, and left my place - I fell into company with them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY RAINER
               



            . I have a flannel petticoat, which was pawned with me - I do not know who by. A duplicate found on the prisoner Kelly is what I gave the person.
KELLY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
BRYAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
