





668. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  ELLIOTT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th February
, 1 keg, value 1s., and 10 quarts of a certain compound spirit, called cloves, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Ann Hawkins 
                  Swaine
               




             and others.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KENDRICK
               



            . I am a publican, and live in Sutton-street. On the 15th of February I was lodging at the Horse and Groom public-house, St. John's-street, Clerkenwell


 - I was looking out of the window between two and three o'clock, and saw a cart loaded near the door - the prisoner came and stood by the side, and another person who was with him got on the wheel, took a keg out of the cart, and gave it to the prisoner, who walked down Jerusalem-passage with it - he had an apron on, and looked like a porter; I pursued and brought him back with the keg - I gave him into custody.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Then the other seemed to employ the prisoner? A. They came together up to the cart - the other man took the keg from the cart.
COURT. Q. How was the other man dressed? A. I think he had a blue coat, a black silk handkerchief, and a white hat.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLS
               



            . I am carman to Swaine, Allport and Co. - Ann Hawkins Swaine is one of the partners - they are distillers
, and live at Holborn-bridge. I was to take this keg of cloves to the Borough - I had some goods to deliver in St. John-street, and left my cart at the public-house door for two or three minutes; I am sure I was not absent more; and during that time the keg was gone - I did not see the prisoner till he was brought back with it.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am an officer. I was coming down St. John's-square, and one or two persons were bringing the prisoner down - I took charge of him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was looking for work, and was met by the man, who asked if I wanted a job - I said, Yes; he said he had a keg to take to Spa-fields.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KENDRICK
               



            . The other man was not with him when I took him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not look round as if to look for the other man? A. He did not say any thing to me - he might look round.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
