






370. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of December
, 2 wooden measures, value 2d., and 28 lbs. of figs, value 14s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Borer
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  BORER
               



            . I live in Clement's Inn-passage, Clare-market, and am a grocer
. On the 12th of December I sent my young man to fetch some drums of figs in a cart, and when he came home there were two missing, worth 14s.


                  THOMAS 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am warehouseman to Messrs. Bedwell and Yates. These figs were delivered on the 12th of December, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, to Mr. Borer's cart - there were ten drums; I afterwards saw two drums before the Magistrate: I had put a chalk-mark on them, which is still on; I have not the least doubt of them.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Did you mark them for that order? A. Yes, with the letter B.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GEORGE HOLDITCH
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Davis, who keeps a cart. I was employed to fetch these figs from Bedwell and Co., St. John-street; I went with Borer's young man for them; I received ten drums between six and seven o'clock - I had other goods in the cart; I rode inside the cart, driving the horse - I was going on to Ratcliff-highway, and as I returned was to take up goods in Thames-street, and then to go to Mr. Borer's; as I entered John-street, Minories


, I was informed something was taken out of the cart - I then looked, and missed two drums of figs; I only had eight left; I had seen nobody near the cart - I saw two before the Magistrate, which appeared to be like the others.

Cross-examined. Q. Where is Mr. Borer's boy who went with you? A. He is at home; he rode in the cart with me - I drove with reins; a boy told me some men had taken them. and had run up the Minories.


                  JAMES 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a constable. On the 12th of December, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I was standing at the end of Little George-street, and saw the two prisoners in company together, in George-street, which is no thoroughfare; I went up the street, and they came down on the opposite side - in going up the street I kicked against the head of one of these drums; I saw Baker with something very bulky in his apron before him - they were about twenty yards from the drumhead: I looked after them, and Brown made a stand; I immediately went up to Baker, and said, "Young man, what have you got there?" he d-d me, and said what was it to me; I pulled out my staff - he immediately let the two drums of figs fall at my feet, out of his apron -I immediately laid hold of him, and he began to struggle with me; Brown then came up, and struck me a most dreadful blow on the cheek-bone - it cut the flesh off the bone; I staggered, and fell against a gate - I was obliged to let go of Baker; they then both immediately fought me - I began to make a noise, saying, "Why, you are going to murder me!" and they ran away, leaving the figs behind them - (about half an hour afterwards Holditch came to the watch-house, saw the figs, and claimed them); when the prisoners ran away I pursued them and never lost sight of Brown till I had him in custody -I lost sight of Baker for about five minutes; he was taken in John-street - they had separated in New-square; they were both secured in the watch-house about the same time: John-street is in the City, and so is the place where I found the figs; they were afterwards claimed by Mr. Borer - I saw the letter B in a chalk-mark on them; the drums are here - the greater part of the figs were taken while I pursued the prisoners.
Cross-examined. Q. Who accompanied Holditch to the watch-house? A. Nobody that I saw; I first saw the prisoners together in Little George-street - they were together when I first saw them; Brown might be about five yards off when he stopped to look at me: I was not pursuing him more than half a minute - he might run three hundred yards; he turned one corner - I was close at his heels, and am certain of him; I never said I thought he had not taken an active part in ill-using me, or that I was not certain of Baker.


                  THOMAS 
                  DEVEY
               



            . I am a constable of Aldgate-ward. I was in John-street, between seven and eight o'clock, on the 12th of December. and heard an alarm of Stop thief! I was on the opposite side of the way, ran across the road and took Baker, who was running - a young man stopped him: I took him back to Little George-street, and about two minutes after I was at the watch-house Roberts brought Brown in; I received a drum of figs in Vine-street - they had been picked up; the other drum was brought to the watch-house next morning.(Property produced and sworn to.)
BAKER's Defence. I was standing by Whitechapel-church - a gentleman got me to carry a box for him to Tooley-street - he gave me 2s.; as I returned I heard a cry of Stop thief! I looked up, and saw a young man running - I ran, and a man took me; I said, "There runs the man on the other side of the way," but he said he should not let me go.
BROWN'S Defence. I was in the Minories with a friend, a hackney-coachman, and all at once heard a cry of Stop thief! I ran as well as the rest - the gentleman is not here who let the thief pass him, and took me.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
BAKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
