






52. 
               
                  MARY 
                  DUNN
               



             and 
               
                  MARY 
                  GRIFFIN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, 4 handkerchiefs, value 7s. 6d., and 1 apron, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Upsall
               




            .


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  DEER
               



            . I am apprentice to Robert Upsall, of Barbican


. On the 14th of November, about four o'clock, the prisoners came into the shop together - Dunn offered to pawn a piece of cotton for 4s. - I offered 3s. 6d., which she would not take, and they went out; they both returned almost directly, but did not come up to the counter - Dunn asked me again for 4s., which I refused - this apron hung within the shop near the door, with four handkerchiefs fastened to it; I saw it safe then - I went to serve another customer - my attention was drawn to the door, and I heard the apron pulled down; I could not see who did it, as Dunn stood before the person - there were two or three persons in the shop; I went round to the door immediately, and Dunn exclaimed, "Good God! she has got it;" I ran down the street three or four doors, and found Griffin with the handkerchiefs and apron on her arm - Dunn was looking towards me, and could not see them taken; I secured Griffin, brought her into the shop, and Dunn exclaimed, "Mary Griffin, what a fool you must be to do it where I am so well known;" they were both detained, and on Dunn was found some silver, and a knife, which belonged to Griffin.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. You knew Dunn? A. I had seen her before; I was talking to her about the cotton at the time - she saw me coming to the door before she said, "She has got it;" she remained in the shop.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM HARRISON
               



            . I am a constable. I took them in charge; Dunn said at the Compter, "What a fool you must be, to go where I was so well known."(Property produced and sworn to.)

DUNN's Defence. I did not see her pull them down, as my back was towards her.
GRIFFIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DUNN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
