





126. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GRAHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of November
, 500 sheets of printed paper, value 2l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James Webb 
                     Southgate
                  




               
            .
BENJAMIN GRIMSTONE. I am clerk to 
               
                  James 
                  Webb Southgate
               



            , at his book auction-rooms, in Fleet-street. On Tuesday evening a gentleman from Messrs. Longman's called to inquire the names of persons who had purchased some books, and on referring to the stock I missed fifty copies of Mavor's Spelling-book, and fifteen copies of Joyce's Arithmetic; I went to Longman's and found the exact quantity of copies - I had seen them a week before: I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  DAVID 
                  KERRIDGE
               



            . I am apprenticed to my father, a ham-dealer in London-house-yard. The prisoner came and asked if we bought waste-paper; I asked what it was, he said, "Refused sheets misprinted" - I weighed it, there was about 14lbs.; he gave me a bill of it, receipted - I laid it on the back bench, and next morning untied it; I had not opened it before - I looked at it and saw Longman's name, and the date, 1829, on it; I immediately thought it could not have been honestly come by, and my father sent to Longman's - the prisoner had promised to bring some more the following evening; he called with a quantity of Johnson's Dictionary, and was detained.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am in the habit of selling toys and turnery; I called at a shop - a person followed me out, seeing I had goods wrapped in paper, and asked if I bought waste-paper: I said, "Not usually" - he said he had some to sell cheap, if I would call and see it, or he would bring it to me as he lived near - if I would appoint a place he would let me see a sample; I did so, and exchanged goods with him for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 67. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
