





1707. 
               
                  GEORGE BARNES 
                  COLLIMORE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of October
, a shawl, value 8 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Brinkman
               




            .


                  ELIZA 
                  BRINKMAN
               



            . My husband's name is George. On the evening of the 15th of October I was at my father's house, in Union-street, Bishopsgate-street


. I put my shawl into a drawer in the parlour, which opens into the passage; the prisoner is my brother - he was in the room at the time. I went up stairs for four or five minutes, and when I came down he was just gone from the door.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ELIZABETH 
                  CUTHBERT
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Collimore. I was in the passage while Mrs. Brinkman was up stairs. I looked into the parlour, and saw the prisoner stooping over the drawer where the shawl was, and looking towards the window - he saw me, and went away.


                  ROBERT 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Lawton, a pawnbroker. This shawl was pawned by a woman, who called herself 
               
                  Ann 
                  Chapman
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATTFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and asked what he had done with the shawl - he said he had taken it, and given it to Kitty, and it was in pawn in Bishopsgate-street, near Sun-street end; I went there, and found it. I believe he said he was sorry.
Prisoner's Defence. You may easily perceive what it is - my sister is lately married; and I think she was persuaded to do this to try to get me out of the country, that she may have more than she could if I was here.
Prisoner to ELIZA BRINKMAN. Q. You have said you would lay any thing in my way, and do any thing to get me out of the country? A. I have said that if he robbed me, as he had done his parents, I would prosecute him; I would scorn to say such a thing as he has stated.


                  HANNAH 
                  BRINKMAN
               



            . I am the wife of George Brinkman, the elder. The prosecutrix was one day drinking tea with me; she was taking some crumpets from the table, and she said if her brother robbed her of any thing, she would certainly prosecute him, if it was not worth 1 s.:she always blamed her parents for allowing his conduct towards them; and said he had called his mother every thing he could think of, and robbed his parents.
JURY to WILLIAM ATTFIELD. Q. Did the prisoner say any thing else? A. He cried, and went down on his knees to his sister.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
