





Second London Jury - Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1577. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  EVANS
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .


                     RICHARD 
                     LILLWALL
                  



               
            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  Robert 
                  Moline
               



            , and was so in August, 1827; the prisoner came into our service as clerk
 about August, 1826 - I cannot exactly recollect the time; it was the middle of the year, or rather earlier - he had 40l. a-year; his mother, who I knew to be a respectable woman, wished him to sleep at home, but be boarded in the house - Nathan Smith is our chief clerk and cashier - it is his business to make up the daily account of cash received - if the partners receive money, they hand it over to him; the prisoner was authorized to receive money, if he was at home: and was to pay it over to Smith - if he received a cheque, he should enter it, and hand it over to Smith. In August, 1827, Hoffman and Co. were brokers of a ship in which we were interested, and were indebted to us 64l. 1s. 11d. on account of one ship, and 166l. 3s. 1d. on account of another - the 64l, 1s 11d. has been brought to account, but the other amount has never been entered in the cash-book, and has never come to our hands.


                  GEORGE 
                  SCHENK
               



            . I am clerk to Hoffman and Co., ship-brokers. These accounts (looking at them) were sent from our house to the prosecutors; I called on them on the 22d of August, 1827, with some money - Evans came forward to me in the counting-house, and I gave him two cheques, which I have here, for the balance of the two accounts.
The cheques being produced, were on Messrs. Glynns, dated the 22d of August, for 166l. 3s. 1d. and 64l. 1s. 11d., signed Hoffman and Co.


                  NATHAN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am chief clerk to the prosecutors. The prisoner was in their service, and entrusted to receive money when payments were made to him - this cheque for 64l. odd came into my hands on the 22d of August, and I have no doubt from the prisoner - Barnett and Co. is written across the face of it in my writing, and here is my hand-writing on the back; it is an account of the exact balance of the cash of that day - if a cheque for 166l. had been paid in, it would appear here - it does not appear here, nor in the book - it never came to my hands.
Prisoner. It was customary, on Thursdays and Fridays, on busy days, for money to be placed on a desk for you to enter. Witness. I do not know of any particular days, but cheques have at times been placed on my desk - if a cheque had been paid in, I have no doubt but it would be accounted for.


                  OWEN 
                  THOMAS WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a clerk to Messrs. Glynn& Co. On Saturday, the 25th of August, this cheque was presented at our house, and paid by me - I cannot say to whom; I paid one note of 100l., No. 13,181, dated 30th of July, 1827; one 50l., No. 7,837, dated 1st of August, 1827, and 15l. 3s. 1d. in cash.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUGGINS
               



            . I am a clerk in the Bank of England. On Saturday, the 25th of August, 1827, these two notes were presented at the Bank - I gave one hundred and fifty sovereigns for them; here is my writing on the back; I cannot say who the person was - they were presented in the name of Mclntosh, as the person receiving them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am a clerk to the prosecutors, and know the prisoner's hand-writing very well; I fully believe the name of Mclntosh at the back of these notes to be his writing.


                  NATHAN 
                  SMITH
               



             re-examined. The prisoner left the prosecutor's service on the 24th or 25th of the eighth month, 1827 - two days after this payment was made; he had a very sudden discharge I believe.
MR. LILLWALL. The prisoner was dismissed almost immediately after this circumstance; we discovered this about a month after, and employed an officer, but could not find him till now.
Prisoner's Defence. This prosecution has come most unexpectedly upon me - those who have preferred it might have made it a subject of enquiry last Session; on my return from America I requested a friend to call on them, and express my contrition for my imprudence - they received him in the kindest manner, spoke in the highest terms of my services, and said if I had not gone astray they intended to place me beyond the situation of a clerk; this friend found no difficulty in bringing them to a compromise - they told him they thought me entitled to reversionary property, and would take that if it could be made over, and would take the amount in easy instalments if my relatives would give security for it; my friend left it to their solicitor to draw up the document to be signed by my mother and myself for 20l. a-year to liquidate the debt; satisfied with this, and relying on their word, which I would have taken as a most solemn oath of any person, I began business on my own account, hoping, by diligent attendance, I should regain the character, to which before I had been always entitled to, as well as prevent my mother being called on for payment of the 20l. yearly; I was suffered to carry on business a very short time - it was daily on the increase, when, through the treachery of some concealed foe, the party who had lent me a small sum to begin with, demanded it and arrested me, and threw me into prison; this did not prevent my exertions - I got out of prison and expected the refusal of two situations, which would enable me to liquidate the prosecutor's demand, and notwithstanding their solemn affirmation, on the 16th I was taken on a charge for felony; convinced of the evil of my follies I had determined to become a steady man: let meleave my fate in your hands, fully confident you will not attribute the prosecution to love of justice, but to some other motive, and under these circumstances will restore me to society; if you think there is not enough to produce an acquittal, you will consider the Act now in force, admitting the affirmation of Quakers, was not in existence at the time the offence was committed, and I submit my case is not within it.
MR. LILWALL. I was called on by a friend of his about four months ago - I said I regretted the circumstance very much on account of the high opinion entertained of him and his talents, and we had a view of making him a traveller - I gave him no encouragement to set up in business, nor did I know he was in business - his friend did not say where he was to be found; the officer has been in search of him ever since; Mr. Cochrane came and proposed it should bepaid by instalments - I immediately referred him to my solicitor.
- COCHRANE. I called on the prosecutors on the prisoner's behalf - he declined entering into any arrangement in consequence of the absence of his partner, and made an appointment on the 14th of June, which I attended - Evans' proposition was, if they would allow him to become a useful member of society he would endeavour to pay him 20l. a-year, and would make over some property which he had in reversion, and would submit to any privation if they would allow him to reinstate himself in some employ - I believe I stated that he was in England, but not where; they stated distinctly whatever arrangement might be entered into, should be without prejudice to any proceedings they might adopt, but if he gave security they had respected him, and did not wish to hurt him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
