





328. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  WATERS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, 6 planes, value 36s.; 6 saws, value 40s., and 1 clock, value 16s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Murray
               




            .
ALEXANDER MURRAY. I am a piano-forte maker
, and live in Camden-town


. I missed six planes, six saws, and a Dutch clock, which I had left in my shop on Friday evening, the 23d of December. I do not live there - it had been fastened with a padlock and a common lock; I went next morning, and found the lock had been wrenched, and the padlock taken away; I saw part of the property on the Saturday evening at the pawnbroker's.


                  JOHN 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Monmouth-street. I have two planes, one of which was pawned by the prisoner, to the best of my belief, on Saturday, the 24th of December.
Cross-examined by MR. ROBERTS. Q. What time was it? A. One person came in the morning, and another, who, I believe, was the prisoner, came in the evening.


                  PETER 
                  DIXON
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Howse, a pawnbroker, of High-street, Bloomsbury. I have two saws, pawned on the 24th of December, in the morning - the hand-saw by the prisoner, and the other by another person.
Cross-examined. Q. How many persons come to your shop in a day? A. Perhaps 150; I could not know them all, but I took notice of the prisoner - he has a cast in his eye, which I noticed - I swear he is the man; I think it was about eleven o'clock - they were pawned in the name of John Brown.


                  CHARLES 
                  COUSINS
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner - he had one of the hand-bills in his pocket.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The young man says it was about eleven o'clock when I pawned the saw - I have a witness who can contradict it.


                  HARRIET 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live in Lawrence-lane. The prisoner was there all day on the 24th of December, till four o'clock in the evening - he did not lodge with me, but he was there all that day.
COURT. Q. Who keeps the house? A. A person named Grant. I keep my own room - the prisoner sometimes lodged with his father and mother, and sometimes he would be with me for a week together. On the 24th of December he got up about nine o'clock, and breakfasted about ten - he staid with me all day till four o'clock, and came again about seven in the evening. No one told me to attend here, but I saw his name up against the door, and I came in. I do not know what time the shop was broken open; I never heard of it; I am an unfortunate girl - I do not know how I know it was the 24th of December that he was there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
