





530. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HAINES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of March
, one watch, value 30 s.; one chain, value 4 s.; one seal, value 10 s., and one ring, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Harriet Kite 
                           Snook
                        




                     
                  , widow
, from her person
            .
MRS. 
               
                  HARRIET 
                  KITE SNOOK
               



            . I am a widow, and live in Warren-street, Fitzroy-square. On the 22d of March, about three o'clock in the afternoon, as I was going down the City-road


, near Nelson-street, in company with a lady who is here as a witness. A man put his hand over my right shoulder and took my watch and seal; the chain was round my neck, and the watch was in the bosom of my pelisse - it was a small gold watch. After he took it, he came before me and I had an opportunity of seeing his features. I am sure it was the prisoner - he was stopped in about twenty minutes in some street in Clerkenwell. He had got out of my sight, I followed him some distance, and he was taken. The watch and seal were produced, and I knew them.
MISS 
               
                  CHARLOTTE 
                  SEAMAN
               



            . I was walking with Mrs. Snook, and I saw the prisoner in the act of taking the watch over Mrs. Snook's shoulder - I saw the chain in his hand. I accompanied Mrs. Snook to Worship-street, and I am sure he is the person that snatched the watch; I did not observe any other person with him.


                  JOHN 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am a cork-cutter, and live in Fox-court, Gray's Inn-lane. I was on the opposite side of the City-road, and saw a person run from the ladies, they called out Stop him! I ran after him, and lost sight of him in his going round a corner. He was stopped in Compton-street, Clerkenwell. I have no doubt he is the person I first saw - the watch was found in the breast of his jacket which he threw to some of his companions - they struck me several times.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
