





1309. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of May
, 2 asses, price 8l.
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Fisher
               




            .
THOMAS FISHER. I live at Watford. I keep asses, and supply families with milk
; I lost two asses on Thursday night or Friday morning last from Watford-heath


; they had been accustomed to be turned out there for about a month - I had had one of these about five weeks; the other about six weeks; they were with four others of mine; I saw them all safe on Thursday night at nine o'clock; I know nothing of the prisoner; I saw them again on Friday evening and knew them to be mine.


                  HENRY 
                  FOX
               



            . I am toll-keeper at Westbourne-green gate; I saw the prisoner on Friday morning, at half-past four o'clock, riding on one of these asses, and another person with him on another; the other man came and offered me 2d., but the toll being 4d. I refused to take it; he said sooner than pay 4d. he would go back, which they did; the prisoner was riding the smallest of the two asses. A gentleman named Roach came at eleven o'clock and asked if I had seen any asses; I told him - I saw the prisoner near the gate the same afternoon and knew him to be the man; he was secured; I have seen the donkeys since, and know them to be the same they were riding; I had not known the prisoner before.


                  RICHARD 
                  HARTLEY WALL
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the Police-office on Friday with the donkeys, which the prosecutor claimed; I was directed to take charge of them, and I have taken care that no other person should have access to them; they are at the door.
THOMAS FISHER. They are my property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
