







387. 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     GLOVER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HIGGINS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RICHARDSON
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December
, eight shillings and two sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Robert James 
                     Moggridge
                  




               
            .


                  MARTHA 
                  MOGGRIDGE
               



            . I am the wife of Robert James Moggridge. On the 23d of December, at one o'clock, the three prisoners came into my shop in Tottenham-street


; we keep a coffee-shop
; they asked for three cups of coffee and two loaves, and paid me 8 1/2 d. in halfpence. They remained in the shop about two hours. I went into the next room, and my child called me, and said Glover wanted change. I immediately went into the bar and Glover stood there. I asked him what he wanted there, he said a hat; I said there was no hat there. I told him to go about his business and they all three went out together. The child immediately said something to me. I looked at the till and missed eight shillings and two sixpences. I immediately ran out, and saw all three running down on the other side of the way; and when they got within four doors of Tottenham-court-road, they all stopped, (not seeing me,) and I caught Glover by the shoulder dividing the money. I heard him say
"three bob," the other two immediately ran away, and he got from me also. I ran after him, and some gentleman stopped him.
Cross-examined By MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You knew them before - A. They may have been at the shop before, but I do not recollect them. We never suffer customers to go into the bar. I saw the money in the till three minutes before; the child told me when they were gone that they had taken the money out.


                  GEORGE 
                  HART
               



            . I am a painter, and was in Tottenham-court-road, and saw the prosecutrix following Glover; I assisted in stopping him. A pocket-book was found on him, containing six shillings and two sixpences; he said he took the money from the till and divided it between the other two boys. I asked who they were; he said Higgins and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Richardson
               



            , and said where they lived.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure he did not say that Higgins took it and divided it between him and Richardson - A. He said so at the watch-house.
GLOVER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
RICHARDSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HIGGINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.




               Confined Three Months
             and 



               Whipped
            .
