





236. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LYON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of December
, five silver spoons, value 30 s.; four silver forks, value 30 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Arabella 
                           Watson
                        




                     
                  , spinster
, in her dwelling-house
            .
MISS 
               
                  ARABELLA 
                  WATSON
               



            . I rent a house, No. 3, Upper George-street, Bryanston-square


. I was from home at the time of the robbery. The prisoner was three weeks in my service. I returned in the evening, and found him in custody. He had the key of my plate closet.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Upper George-street. On the 13th of December, about seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner offered two silver desert forks in pawn; they are worth about 15 s., as old silver. I asked his address; he at first said, No. 6, and then No. 9, Brown-street. I sent my boy to ascertain whether it was correct, and he ran out, leaving the forks behind; I jumped over the counter, and secured him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHRISTOPHER JONES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in South-street, Manchester-square. On the 3d of December, I took in three desert spoons, for 9 s.; they are worth 16 s., as old silver. I am sure the prisoner pawned them. I have two silver table spoons of the same pattern and initials, pawned in the same name and address, (No. 40, George-street,) on the 26th of December, which I did not take in - Miss Watson claimed them.


                  JAMES 
                  ROSS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Paddington-street. I have two silver forks, worth 17 s., pawned the 8th of December, for 7 s., by the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  BLAKE
               



            . I am a watchman. I assisted in securing the prisoner.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HILL
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house. I found three duplicates of the property produced,on him, and the key which unlocked the door of Miss Watson's plate closet.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I leave it entirely to your Lordship.
GUILTY - Aged 42.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
