





1018. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KEYES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of June
, one watch, value 3 l.; one chain, value 2 s.; one seal, value 10 s., and two keys, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Frederick 
                           Mann
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.
FREDERICK MANN. I live with Mr. Brady, of Bartlett's-buildings. On the 24th of June, between nine and ten o'clock at night, I was going down Holborn


, I saw a man standing at the end of Plumbtree-court, he appeared as if he was going to cross the street. I stepped back from him, he immediately snatched my watch out, and ran up the court. I followed him to the top of the court, calling Stop thief! he attempted to turn round and fell. I attempted to seize him to get the watch as he was on the ground, and five or six other young men immediately came round him from the left side of the court (it is a thoroughfare) they stopped down in different directions, and I observed the watch pass from his hands to the hands of the prisoner; the chain was fastened to the watch. He walked off leisurely, but seeing me following him, he ran off into Shoe-lane, towards Fleet-street. I pursued him with several others. He was stopped by a man within twenty or thirty yards. I never lost sight of him - he fell down in endeavouring to hide the watch in the dark. As soon as he took his hand away from it, a person near him put his foot on it, broke it, and ran off. I took it up, and the prisoner was taken to the watch-house.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  COLEY
               



            . I am a watchman. I was going down Red Lion-court, I heard the cry of Stop thief! I turned round, and the prisoner ran past me at the end of the court; he was stopped and fell. I immediately laid hold of him, and heard Mr. Mann say, he had picked the watch up. He resisted as much as he could.


                  JOHN 
                  SHARMAN
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoner was remanded three times. I was taking him before the Alderman on the 10th of July, and he escaped. I am sure he is the man.


                  CHARLES 
                  HURDSFIELD
               



            . I am a constable. On the 23d of July. I apprehended the prisoner in Liquorpond-street, at a house. I went up stairs, knocked at the door, it was instantly locked, and something was put over the key-hole. I looked through a broken pannel in the door, I thought I saw a man going towards the window. I ran down stairs, and as I going out of the back-yard, he jumped out of the window. I secured him.
Prisoner's Defence. I heard the alarm in the court, and was stopped.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
