






1388. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  DAVIS
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BONNICK
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of June
, 1 gown, value 5s.; 2 gown bodies, value 3s.; 1 slip, value 10s.; 3 caps, value 7s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 8s.; 2 pairs of drawers, value 5s., and 4 shifts, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Isaac 
                     Corrie
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  CHAMBERS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 17th of June, about six o'clock in the evening, I met the two prisoners near Hornsey-wood, in a field - Bonnick had a bag; they were in company - I stopped them, and asked what they had in the bag; Davis said Nothing; Bonnick said, "Some dirty linen:" I asked where they got it- they said from their aunt's, at Winchmore-hill, and they were going to take it to their aunt's, in Gray's Inn-lane: I said, "Perhaps you are going to take it to your uncle's." I took it, and found these articles in it, quite wet -I said, "You have stolen these from some washerwoman's line;" they said No; I handcuffed and took them to the cage - I found they had been taken about a mile from where I met them; they had been in company together some time.


                  FENSON 
                  HORTON
               



            . I am carrier to Mr. 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Corrie
               



            . I was taking the bag of linen on the 17th of June; I stopped at the Queen's Head


, and left the bundle in the cart - I cannot say exactly what time of the day it was; I did not miss the bundle.


                  LUCY 
                  BOWLES
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Corrie
               



            . On the 17th of June I sent a parcel of linen down to the country house, by Horton - these are the articles; they are Mr. Corrie's.
Davis' Defence. I came from North-street, Battlebridge, to get some work; I was returning, and saw this lad - I was not a minute with him.
Bonnick's Defence. I was going to my mother's; a gentleman asked me to carry this bundle to the Sluice-house, and said he would give me 2s.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
BONNICK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
