





653. 
               
                  
                     CAROLINE 
                     PURCELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, 5 gowns, value 1l. 10s,; 3 shifts, value 15s.; 15 towels, value 15s.; 9 handkerchiefs, value 15s.; 8 1/2 yards of calico, value 6s.; 9 aprons, value 11s.; 2 yards of jean, value 4s. 6d.; 1 pair of trousers, value 2s.; 5 pairs of stockings, value 10s.; 1 quilt, value 5s.; 1 pillow-case, value 1s.; 1 silk bag, value 6d.; 1 comb, value 8s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 7s.; 3 boxes, value 2s. 6d.; 2 brooches, value 2s. 6d.; 2 pairs of ear-rings, value 12s.; 1 watch-chain, value 5s.; 3 rings, value 12s.; 1 silver pencil-case, value 1s. 6d.; 4 seals, value 2s.; 1 shirt pin, value 10s.; 1 pair of clasps, value 2s.; 1 buckle, value 3s.; 2 table-cloths, value 2s. 6d.; 1 purse, value 1s.; 1 scent-bottle, value 1s.; 2 petticoats, value 4s.; 5 shillings, and 4 sixpences, the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           King
                        




                     
                  , in her dwelling-house
            .


                  MARY 
                  KING
               



            . I live in Great Bell-alley, but at the time in question I lived in Carr-square, St. Giles, Cripplegate


, and kept the house - the prisoner's brother and sister lodged on the second floor; they told me she was out of a situation - they had been a month in the house, and she had been all that time with them. I went out on Saturday, the 18th of December, about one o'clock, and left nobody in the house but the prisoner, her brother, and sister; I had two young men lodgers, but they were not in the house - I came home about four o'clock; I had left this property locked up in a drawer on the first floor, where the two young men sleep; I live on the ground floor - the key was in the bottom drawer, which was empty; all the property stated in the indictment was in the drawers - I had seen them safe about nine days before; the young men lodgers were not away all that time - when I came home the prisoner came down stairs and said, "How soon you have come back - my sister is up stairs very ill in bed;" I had left her to mind my child on the ground floor room - I desired her to wait, and have a cup of tea with me, for taking care of my child; she said she would go and get her sister's fire ready - she came down, drank tea, and asked me to lend her a shawl to go out and look for a situation; she went up stairs, came down, and said Mr. Long had sent for me while I was out - this was between five and six o'clock; I work for Mr. Long, and went out to him - she went out at the door at the same time, and said she was going to look for a day's work; I went to Mr. Long, who lives in Cloth-fair, about a quarter of an hour's walk - on returning, the prisoner was not in the house; I did not see her again till she was taken up, which was about a week after - I had no occasion to go up stairs till ten o'clock at night; one young man returned then, and asked me for the key - I said the door was not locked, for I had left the key in the door, but I found then that the door was locked, and the key taken away; I found a box in the room broken open, which I had left safe before I went out - nothing was taken out of it; I searched the prisoner at Lambeth-street Office - a gown of mine was found on her, and a pair of shoes; I had seen them safe when I went to the drawers nine days before - a handkerchief of mine was found, but nothing else; the vlaue of the whole is 9l. 15s.; when I found the things on her she begged me not to take them away, or I should leave her without any thing on: 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Rawson
               



             is my sister - they are her property, but were in my house and in my care.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth-street. On the 27th of January I apprehended the prisoner at a house in a court in Whitechapel; when I went up stairs she crept under the bedstead - I pulled her out, and told her the charge; she made no reply: I asked her where the property was - she said I should have no blood-money out of her; I found this handkerchief under the bed, and found a pair of shoes on her; Mrs. King claimed this gown and petticoat, which she had on at the office.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought these shoes myself out of a shop - I bought the things; I could have stripped them off at the first examination, but I wore them, as I had bought them - I kept away, because I had a few words with my brother; I went out, got intoxicated, and staid away - I was ashamed to take the shawl back; I got under the bed when they came for me, as my, as my brother was with them, and he is a very severe man.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  RAWSON
               



            . I am certain these are my shoes - the other property is mine.
GUILTY. Aged 19.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
