






1200. 
               
                  
                     SOLOMON 
                     DIAS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  BENNET 
                  LYON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of June
, two shirts, value 16 s.; a shift, value 6 s.; a tablecloth, value 4 s. 6 d.; a waistcoat, value 7 s.; two pairs of stockings, value 2 s.; a neckerchief, value 2 s.; four towels, value 2 s.; four aprons, value 4 s.; a frill, value 6 d.; two caps, value 4 s. 8 d.; a night gown, value 3 s. 6 d.; another gown, value 14 s.; an apron, value 1 s., and a basket, value 18 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Sapsord
                  




               
            .


                  JANE 
                  SAPSORD
               



            . My husband was in Hounsditch


 with a basket of linen of Friday, the 18th of June - I had done up the bundle to go home.


                  JANE 
                  SAPSORD
               



            , JUN. I am turned twelve years of age. I was with my father in Houndsditch on Friday, the 18th of June, about nine o'clock - he had three baskets of linen in a barrow: my mother is a laundress. My father went into a house to take a basket of linen, and I was left in care of the others. A man came and asked me the way to St. Mary-axe; I told him - he then asked me the way to Aldgate; I told him: he then crossed over, and went down Cutler-street. When he was gone, there was only one basket left; there had been two.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I was in Houndsditch on the 18th of June, about nine o'clock, and saw this little girl with the barrow and two baskets - I saw one of the prisoners talking to her, and the other took the things. I knew the persons of the prisoners before.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Are you a chimney sweeper - A. Yes. They were by the side of the girl; she was sitting upon the barrow; one of them spoke to her, and another took the basket off the barrow while she got up to show him the way. I did not see themagain till they were in custody; I do not know how long that was. It was dark - I was sitting at my own door, opposite to the barrow. I thought they belonged to the bundle.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoners together on this night in the Minories - when they saw me they separated; it was a little before nine o'clock on the 18th of June.
Prisoner DIAS. He came to me to raise 1 l., and because I could not do that he brought me here.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I have heard about 1 l., 5 l., and 10 l., but I said I would have nothing at all to do with it - they could have raised 20 l. if they had wanted it, but that I have nothing to do with. I did not take the prisoners, but gave the hue and cry at Lambeth-street. I do not know their names - it might be about a fortnight afterwards that they were taken.


                  GEORGE 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I took Dias into custody from the information of Davis, the sweep.
DIAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
LYON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
