







874. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WARNER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JOSEPHS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  MASON
               



            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of April
, one ream of paper, value 1 l
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Litsler
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Phipps
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Israel 
                  Phipps
               



            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MAISEY
               



            . I am servant to Messrs. 
               
                  George 
                  Litsler
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Phipps
               



            , and Israel Phipps, stationers


, of Elbow-lane. On the 23d of April, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, I was in Wentworth-street


, behind our cart, which was loaded with paper, and saw a man get into the cart and take a ream of paper out; two others were in his company. I went to take it from him, it fell down; he picked it up again, and ran off with it; I called Stop thief! and was instantly struck by the other two; there were several in the gang. I believe Warner to be the one who took it; I know Josephs to be one of those who struck me; they all ran up an alley, and I lost them. I saw Josephs at the office next day, and am certain of him.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. You never saw him before - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  EAGLES
               



            . I drove the cart. I was alarmed by Maisey's hollowing out
"For God's sake don't kill me." I turned round and saw three men beating him about; he was on the ground. I can swear to Joseph's being one of them; I think I had passed him just before smoking his pipe.


                  JACOB 
                  ONNAN
               



            . I live in Winfield-street, and keep a chandler's shop. I knew Warner and Mason by sight before this. I was looking out of window, and saw Warner pick up a ream of paper out of the kennel; the others all followed him with it. I can only speak to Warner.


                  MARTHA 
                  KEMPLEY
               



            . I lodge in Wentworth-street. I was at the first floor window, and heard a great noise; I got up, and saw about six men beating Maisey; the people said,
"the man will be killed." I cannot say who struck the blow, but I saw Warner, whom I knew before, going from the cart with the paper in his arms; he went down George-yard, and when he was clear off, the others followed him. Maisey was covered with blood, and went to the end of the yard to pursue, but I advised him not.


                  CATHERINE 
                  DONOVAN
               



            . I live next door to Kempley. I have known Warner and Mason by sight, for twelve months. I was at the door, and saw Warner following the cart; he jumped up into it and took a large bundle in his arm. Mason opened his arm to receive it, but Warner jumped out with it and fell on his face; several gathered round; Maisey caught hold of him to take it from him; five or six got round him, and he received several severe blows in the mouth and ribs. Warner ran down George-yard with it.
Prisoner MASON. Q. Did you see me strike the man - A. I cannot say who struck him.


                  ELIZA 
                  JACOBS
               



            . I live at the corner of Angel-alley, and Winfield-street. I heard a great noise, came to the door, and saw Maisey in the road with four men round him, beating him; they knocked him down, and kept beating him against the grating of the kitchen-window; they then left him, and ran down George-yard. I saw Warner strike him there, pick up the paper and run away with it. Mason was there, but doing nothing that I saw. I did not see Josephs. I knew them all by sight before, except him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLS
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended Josephs and Warner on the 24th, with eighteen or twenty more, at a public-house in Wentworth-street, and on the 29th I took Mason.
WARNER'S Defence. I was in the park at the time of the robbery, and in the evening I heard of it; and was told the officers were determined to take every one who came to the house. I went and was taken.
JOSEPH's Defence. I was at work from nine o'clock till eleven, and not out till one.
MASON'S Defence. I deny being there.


                  JOSEPH 
                  JOSEPHS
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother; he is a tailor - we lodge together. On the 23d of April about ten o'clock, Levy came for him, and I called him up - he was ill. Levy brought him a pair of trowsers to repair, and came repeatedly for them till twelve o'clock; he did not finish them till one. We live in Stoney-lane, Houndsditch.


                  FRANCES 
                  JOSEPHS
               



            . I am the prisoner's sister. On the 27th of April he did not go out till one o'clock.


                  ISAAC 
                  LEVY
               



            . I live in Stoney-lane. On the 23d of April, about ten o'clock, I took 
               Joseph
             a pair of trowsers to repair - he came from the bed-room half dressed. I was in and out for them till twelve o'clock, as I was wearing my best.
WARNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
JOSEPHS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MASON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
