





NEW COURT.
(3d DAY.)
Middlesex Cases, Third Jury, Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
94. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  GUNBIE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of November
, sixty yards of velvet, value 25 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Neale
               




            .


                  ANN 
                  NEALE
               



            . I am the wife of James Neale, who is a cabinet-maker
, and lives in Liquorpond-street


. On Thursday, the 4th of November, about nine o'clock in the morning, I was at the farther end of our shop, with my back towards the window; I heard one of the workmen tap at the manufactory window - I turned round towards the street door, and saw the prisoner with five pieces of velvet in his hand, which he had taken from our window; I had seen it about five minutes before. I ran to him, and took them from his hand, and asked him how he dared to take them out of the window; he said, "Do you want anything in this way - I am in the fringe line, and should be glad to serve you." He seemed confused, and stammered out something like how dare I to call him a thief; he ran away, and two men ran after him, and secured him. I kept him till Mr. Neale came home, when we sent for an officer, and had him taken into custody. The velvet was about three yards from the door.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Neale. I was in the work room, behind the shop, on the 4th of November, about half-past nine o'clock, and saw the prisoner come into the shop, and take the parcel from a chair, about three yards from the door. I alarmed my mistress, ran down stairs, and secured him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody. The velvet was given me by Mr. Neale.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I entered the shop with the sole view of getting employment, as French polisher of furniture, &c. At the back part of the shop a female appeared to be writing; I knocked with my foot on the floor; she turned towards me, and I stated my business, adding also that if she wanted anything in the velvet trimming line, a young man whom I knew would supply her; the lady not appearing to understand me quite perfectly, I took up some velvet from a chair in the shop, and endeavoured to explain to her - when she accused me of an intention to steal the article, and said, if I did not leave the shop immediately she would send for an officer, and give me in custody. I accordingly left, but had not proceeded above a hundred yards, when I was laid hold of by two shopmen, who said I must return with them, which I most cheerfully agreed to.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
