





1924. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  WATERS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of August
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 seal, value 1d., and 1 key, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Roach
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN ROACH. I was at the Admiral Hagel public-house, between nine and ten o'clock at night, on the 2d of August - I lost my watch from my pocket; I did not feel it go, nor see who took it; I saw the prisoner in the house - I had been drinking, but was not in liquor; I had my head on the table, and went to sleep; I awoke, and missed my watch - I have not found it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SULLIVAN
               



            . I was at the public-house with some friends. and saw the prosecutor fall asleep - I saw the prisoner take the watch from his pocket, and put it into his own; when the prosecutor came in, the prisoner stood up and shook hands with him, and they drank together; the prisoner and another man went out together, and then the prosecutor said he had been robbed, and went out; I am certain the prisoner took the watch.
Prisoner. Q. Where did I sit? A. At his right-hand side; I sat at the corner of the table - you sat next him, and his friend on the other side of him; you came in before them.
Prisoner to 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ROACH
               



            . Q. Did we not go out together for the beer? A. No, when I went in, you stood up and shook hands with me, and asked me to sit down and drink.


                  EDWARD 
                  HEDGES
               



            . The prosecutor came to me on Monday morning - I went with him, and took the prisoner, who was in bed with a little girl, but found nothing on him; I charged him with the theft - he said nothing.
Prisoner's Defence. Sullivan was tried here last Session; when I went out, the prosecutor had not missed his watch - he came out himself to the corner of the street- his friend asked if he had lost anything; he said Yes, his watch - his friend accused me of stealing it; I said,"Search me," but he would not; they suspected Sullivan, and went back to the house, and on Monday morning they sent for me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SULLIVAN
               



            . I was tried last Session, and acquitted. I did not see the prosecutor and his friend come back to the house; I saw the prisoner in the street, but did not give charge of him; I had heard of the loss - there was some wrangling in the street; I went up, and said he ought to return the watch - he said he would knock me down.
JOHN ROACH. I did not suspect Sullivan - I missed my watch just as I came out at the door; my friend and I came out just after the prisoner, and my friend accused him of it; he said he could knock his head off.
WILLIAM SULLIVAN. I did not hear what passed at the door - I kept my seat in the house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
