






555. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     MILES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of January
, 1 sovereign
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Scott
                  




               
            .


                  CAROLINE 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am the wife of George Scott. The prisoner is a watchman
, and was on duty on the 31st of January; while we were at supper my husband gave me a sovereign, it laid on the table in the lower room - the street opens into that room, there is no passage; I went out a little way, and took the key with me in case my husband should go to bed, which he did while I was out; when I came back the sovereign was there, and my husband was gone to bed - I went into the bed-room, to lay my child on the bed, and my husband said he thought he heard footsteps in the room; I went down, and the sovereign was gone - I had left the door open, and the prisoner was then outside the door, turning away; he said he had been to a friend's house for me, as he thought he heard my child cry; I thanked him, and he went away - I then went to clear the table, and missed my sovereign; no one had been there but him - I listened for him, he did not come at ten o'clock nor till a quarter to eleven; I called him, and asked if he had seen any one go out of my place - he began to abuse me, and said some very bad words; he said he had been there to see if I was there, and he owned he pushed the door to see if I was come back, as the child had been crying; I had no light in my room, neither fire nor candle - when I came back, I met him about twenty yards from my door, going out of the place; no one could go up the place without the prisoner seeing them, it is no thoroughfare - there was 3 1/2d. by the side of it, which was left.


                  GEORGE 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's husband. I put down the sovereign on the table for her; she went out, and I told her to take the key - I went to bed and left the sovereign on the table; when she returned, she came up stairs to get the candle, and then she came up with the child - I asked her if she had left the door open, as I heard footsteps in the room; she went down and saw the watchman - I heard him say to her, "You are come home, I see;" she then bid him good night - I had been asleep, but I heard that a neighbour had sent the prisoner for my wife, as the child had cried; I afterwards heard my wife ask him if he had seen any one near the door, and he said there was no one nearer the door than himself - she said no one could have taken it but a person with a light; I got up and told the prisoner I would give him in charge - I followed him to Macclesfield-street, and on towards King-square, where he dropped some money; I caught him, and called another watchman, who came up, and we found 1s. 6d. which he had dropped - we took him to the watch-house, where 2s. 8d. was found on him; it was about half-past nine o'clock when I went up to bed, and I heard my wife talking to him at a quarter before eleven.


                  SARAH 
                  SPRING
               



            . My husband keeps the Macclesfield Arms public-house. About eight o'clock that evening, the prisoner came to our house with another watchman; the prisoner asked for half a pint of sixpenny gin; I said we did not keep it - he then asked if I would trust him 1d. -I said I would not, and they had a quartern and a half of sevenpenny, which was 5 1/4.; they then went away; about half-past ten he came in with another watchman, called for half a pint of gin, and put down a sovereign; he took the change in a great hurry, and said "Make haste" - he put it into his great coat pocket, and then went away.


                  PETER 
                  DOYLE
               



            . I am a watchman. I was with the prisoner about half-past eight or nine o'clock that night; about half-past ten I saw him with a large leg of mutton in his hand, which he said weighed 16lbs., and he had bought it for the Christening of a child; about twelve I was called to take him in charge - he said "What should I go with this man for - I will see him d-d first;" I persuaded him to go to the watch-house, and he was ordered to the lock-up place - he said that neither she nor her husband could see him going in or coming out, and they might do their best.


                  HENRY 
                  HARRINGTON
               



            . I am inspector of the watch. The prisoner was brought to me - he was searched, and 2s., 8 1/2d. found on him; he used some horrid expressions, and said "They can't hurt me; no one saw me go in or come out of the house" - he said a gentlemen had lent him the sovereign - we asked if he would swear that; he said No.
Prisoner's Defence. I had the sovereign towards baptizing a child.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
