





1689. 
               
                  ANDREW 
                  STRAHAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 2 seals, value 16s., and 1 key, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Pledger
                     




                  , from his person
            .
HENRY PLEDGER. I am a baker
, and live in Golden-lane. On Sunday evening, the 7th of September, about half-past ten o'clock, I was going home with my wife, and in Golden-lane, at the corner of Hartshorn-court


 (we were arm-in-arm), a man walked up in front of me, and suddenly snatched my watch from my fob; he did it with violence - it nearly hit my face; he ran up Hartshorn-court: I cannot positively swear to him, as I did not see his face; the prisoner resembles him very much, both in height and size - I went up the court after him, but did not find him; the prisoner was taken on the Tuesday morning.


                  MARY 
                  ANN PLEDGER
               



            . I was arm-in-arm with my husband, and saw a person as he was passing snatch out the watch; I saw it fly out - he ran away with it in his hand; a person stood at the corner, about four yards off - I gave an alarm of Stop thief! I looked at the man as my husband ran after him; the prisoner resembles the man very much indeed; I did not go up the court.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I suppose you were very much frightened? A. Yes, or I should have followed; the man's back was towards me as he ran.
COURT. Q. What hour was it? A. At half-past nine o'clock; my husband looked at his watch at the end of Curtain-road, a quarter of an hour before.


                  JOHN 
                  FARROW
               



            . I live with my father (who is a watchman) in Cowheel-alley, Golden-lane. I have known the prisoner about a month - he used to go into the next house to where I live, and I used to see him come out again about eight o'clock in the morning; I knew his person very well. On this Sunday night I was lying down at my father's door, and saw him run into the next house - there was another with him, whose face I did not see; the prisoner ran as hard as he could, with his right hand in his breeches pocket; the prosecutor came by two or three minutes afterwards, and said he had lost his watch and seals; there were some persons standing at the window; I was afraid they would come and beat me, or I should have told him what I had seen; I saw the prisoner again about ten minutes after; Mr. Pledger was gone; he came out of the house - he had the watch in his hand, and was shewing it to the persons who stood there; he said to them, "We have got it now - it is all right;" I had seen those persons before; they do not live about there; Mr. Pledger saw them whenhe came up, and they sent him the wrong way - about a dozen of them stood there; the prisoner went into Golden-lane, with the man who had run into the house with him. On Monday I saw Harrison, the constable, take him out of the same house as he ran into; I am sure I saw the watch and seals - there was a key to it.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you outside the door? A. I was resting my head on the step of the door - I saw the watch in his hand quite plain; the face of it was up, not the back; I cannot say whether it was gold or silver; I was lying down when he ran by, but I got up and looked round the corner; I was standing up when he held the watch up - he held it quite low down; I told my father at one o'clock in the morning, when he came off watch; I cannot tell the colour of the key or seals; I saw two seals; there was a gas-light.


                  HENRY 
                  PLEDGER
               



            . I pursued the man up the court - I went up Cowheel-alley, and saw some persons who said something; I turned round to the right as they directed me.


                  JOHN 
                  FARROW
               



            , Sen. I am a watchman, and lived in Cowheel-alley when this occurred. My son communicated this to me when I came off duty, between one and two o'clock in the morning; I think I have seen the prisoner in the alley, but not to take particular notice of him; on the Monday morning the prisoner was sitting on a step opposite, my son said that was the man.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am an officer. In consequence of information, I went to the next house to Farrow's, in Cowheel-alley, and found the prisoner there; I told I took him for stealing a bundle of linen - but at the watch-house I told him it was for a watch; he asked at Worship-street what time it happened; I told him at half-past nine o'clock; he said he could prove he was at supper at the time.
COURT. Q. Why did you tell him it was about linen? A. Three or four men were round, and in that neighbourhood if I had told him the charge, he might have been rescued.
Cross-examined. Q. You had no charge for linen? A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. I work for my brother in Blue Anchor-alley. I took a walk to Horusey House, returned at eight o'clock, and went to Oliphant's, the Hare and Hounds public-house, St. John-street, with a young man; we drank some half porter and half ale - it was then half-past ten o'clock; I bid him good-night, and told him I had to get up soon next morning; I went to work next morning - and as I came from breakfast I ran into this house in Cowheel-alley for a little dog, when this man came and took me; I saw the officer and his father with the boy saying, "Mind you say this and this;" I could not hear exactly what.


                  GEORGE 
                  JOHN OLIPHANT
               



            . My father keeps the Hare and Hounds, St. John-street. I first saw the prisoner two or three months ago; on the 7th of this month I saw the prisoner there about eight o'clock in the evening, in the taproom with three young men and a young woman - he remained there till half-past ten o'clock, and was not out of the house till then; I knew him by seeing him at the house before.
COURT. Q. Did you know his name? A. Only by what I heard others say last Sunday week; one of the two who sat with him said, "Andrew Strahan, take hold of the pot and drink," that was all; I was never in Cowheelalley; on that evening I was sitting close to him; our waiter's name is Andrew Young and I said to him, "That is Andrew Strahan, not Andrew Young;" I did not know where he lived.
Q. How came you to tell him you could prove where he was? A. His brother came on Monday, and asked my father if he knew the young man Andrew Strahan; my father said, "No, I do not by name, but perhaps my son may, as he is generally in the tap-room;" he called me, and said "Andrew Strahan;" I said Yes: there was a man here last night; they were in the left-hand room called the tap-room - it was called the parlour before my father took the house; several people were there - one named William Thomas.
Q. Who was there on the Sunday before? A. Only three who I knew the names of.


                  ANDREW 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am waiter at the Hare and Hounds. I saw the prisoner there on Sunday week, after eight o'clock, in the parlour - six or seven people were at the same table; I knew his name to be Andrew, but did not know it to be Strahan till that night, when one of the company called him Andrew Strahan.
Q. Do you remember your young master making any remark about that? A. No; he went away about half-past ten o'clock; he could not have left before without my secing him; they had been drinking porter, half-and-half, and ale, he has been there several times before.
COURT. Q. You do not take the trouble to ask your customers' names? A. No; I was never in Cowheelalley.
Q. You told the Magistrate your young master was never in the room? A. Not to my knowledge; I saw him come in once and go out, but whether he cmae in again I do not know; I told the Magistrate he was not there; but I am perfectly satisfied now that he did come in once; I did not recollect it at the moment; he sat down in the room; I told the Magistrate he was not there to my knowledge.
Q. Did you not swear before the Magistrate, "I am sure my young master did not sit down?" A. He did not sit down; the whole of the evening the gentleman asked.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
