





75. 
               
                  
                     SUSAN 
                     MAYS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of October
, one watch, value 1 l.; one pocket-book, value 6 d., and two handkerchiefs, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sophia 
                           Allen
                        



                     
                  , and two dresses, value 5 s., one handkerchief, value 1 s.; two sashes, value 2 s.; and one piece of net, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Eliza 
                     Allen
                  



               
            .


                  SOPHIA 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am a single woman
, and live in Great Marylebone-street


. The prisoner came into our service on the 25th of October, from her mother, she remained four days with us - my watch hung at the head of the bed; I saw it safe at four o'clock in the afternoon, the other things were in a drawer - my father keeps a public-house. At half-past four o'clock, she asked for 1 d. to buy tape, and never returned; I had left the key in the room door. I found my watch next day in pawn, I went with the officer, and found her at her mother's, at Wapping.


                  ELIZA 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I lost my things from the bed-room; I had seen them safe at three o'clock.


                  JAMES 
                  JEFFREY
               



            . I am an officer. I took her at her mother's, she said she knew nothing of it - I found a pocket-book on a box in her room, and in it was the duplicate of a watch, pawned in Cable-street, the pawnbroker gave it up; I asked where she slept the night before, she said in Gravel-lane. I went to a house where she said she slept, and found two handkerchiefs, the dress, and sashes; Allen claimed them in her presence, she then acknowledged taking them, and buying a pair of stays for 9 s. 6 d., of the pawnbroker.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
