





1459. 
               
                  
                     LUKE 
                     TOOLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of July
, 1 watch, value 5l.; 1 watch-chain, value 3s.; 1 seal, value 1s., and 3 watch-keys, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Adderley
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  ADDERLEY
               



            . I am a truss-maker
. On the 12th of July I was in Chapel-place, leading from Duke-street to Great Queen-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields


, about half-past ten o'clock at night - when I was about midway I was met by a respectable looking female; she asked me where I was going - I said, "Home;" she said, "Come with me to Johnson's alamode-beef shop" - the prisoner came up while we were talking and said, "What are you doing;" he took my watch, and ran off down a passage- I pursued, and made a grasp at him; he got from me and I fell, but got up again, pursued, took him, and kept him till assistance came - I never lost sight of him.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you tipsy? A. No, Sir - the woman went to the watch-house, but I have never seen her since; my clothes were in the same state they are now - I will swear that, or else I could not have run fast enough to catch him; it was not a very obscure place - the woman dragged me into the place on the side of the road; I did not give her into custody - she did me no harm: I do not know how the prisoner came to say, "Halloo!" he said, "This won't do;" I will swear that, to the best of my knowledge; my clothes were buttoned - my watch was found just at the place where I caught the prisoner, up against the dead wall, at the end of the court, thirty yards from where I was with the female; the watchman saw that I was sober - I did not strike any body with my umbrella to the best of my knowledge; I swear I was not tipsy - three of us had had three glasses of gin and water in the evening: that was all I had had after dinner - I had porter at dinner; I live at No. 40, Great Wild-street - I had been by the New Bethlem; I returned over Westminster-bridge. and met with a respectable old gentleman by the Horse Guards, who asked me to direct him to Holborn - I said I was going near that way, and went with him to Holborn; I was returning home, and it being rather late I cut down this place for the nearest - I did not drop my watch from my clothes; I saw the prisoner throw it from his hand and he said, "I have not got your watch - I have not got your watch."


                  ARTHUR 
                  CARLEY
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the alarm, and went down to the bottom of my beat, where I saw the prosecutor in Chapel-place with the prisoner in custody - there were a good many more there; the watch was given to me - I took the prisoner to the watch-house, and asked how he came to do such a thing; he said it was done, and it could not be helped - that was his expression.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he speak English? A. Yes; and I understand English - the prosecutor did not seem to me to be drunk; he was able to make out his way - I did not notice whether he was in liquor; he was able to walk, run, and stand - there was a female with him; she went to the watch-house, and said she would go to the office and prove that this was the man who took the watch; I did not keep her, and she did not go before the Magistrate - the prosecutor went one way and shethe other; his clothes were all right when I came up - I do not know that that lady walks about there.
Prisoner's Defence. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.
The prisoner received a good character.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
Recommended to Mercy. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
