






590. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WOOLF
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     FOWLER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George Allen 
                           Aylwin
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  ALLEN AYLWIN
               



            . I am a merchant
, and live in Lower Thames-street, on Saturday afternoon, the 7th of February, between six and seven o'clock, I was entering Fleet-street


, coming towards home; my handkerchief was in my outside coat pocket; I received information, and missed it - I stepped across the road, and saw it in the hand of a man, who had the two prisoners in custody.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a painter, and live in Bow-street. I first saw Mr. Aylwin in the Strand, and saw three persons following him - the prisoners are two of them: I first saw them in Regent-street, following persons about -I saw the prosecutor about Exeter 'Change; the prisoners were then following him; I watched them to the corner of Devereaux-court, by Messrs. Twining's, and there saw Woolf make an attempt to pick Mr. Aylwin's pocket - he did not succeed, but just as they got through Temple-bar, Murray said they had got the handkerchief out; they ran across towards us - I seized Woolf, and saw Murray take a handkerchief from under Fowler's arm; I went after the prosecutor, who gave me his card.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  MURRAY
               



            . I am a letter-cutter. I saw the prisoners, in company with another, following the prosecutor near the Adelphi; I saw Woolf take the handkerchief a little out of the pocket by Twining's - they continued to follow; I got through Templebar, and saw Fowler take the handkerchief quite out, on the City side of Templebar; on taking hold of the prisoners, the third ran away -I should know him again (I have had him in custody before when I was a constable); I took the handkerchief from under Fowler's arm.
Prisoner FOWLER. He said he saw me in Regent-street, pick a gentleman's pocket of a beautiful silk handkerchief, and go and sell it to Mr. Levy that afternoon, and if so, why did he not take me? Witness. I did not say that; I said a person now in Court told me of that.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  BETTERTON
               



            . The prisoners were given into my charge with the handkerchief.
FOWLER'S Defence. The handkerchief was thrown into my face; I saw no owner, and put it under my jacket.
WOOLF'S Defence. I was going to Salisbury-court, after a place, and was seized by Temple-bar.
WOOLF - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
FOWLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Life
            .
