






NINTH DAY. FRIDAY, APRIL 18.
Middlesex Cases, First Jury, Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
646. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COATES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SIMCOE
               



were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of March
, a coat, value 5 s.; a pair of breeches, value, 2 s.; four blankets, value 2 s; four candlesticks, value 2 s; three quilts, value 18 s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Coates
                        



                     
                  ; and two coats, value 15 s, two waistcoats, value 5 s., and a pair of trowsers, value 5 s
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Coates
                  






                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . I have the charge of my father's premises, and live in Ray-street


. On the 24th of March, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I went out leaving the property mentioned in the indictment, in the kitchen. The waistcoats and trowsers were my own - I padlocked the kitchen, and on returning in half an hour, I found the padlock broken, and the property all gone, I made enquiry, and went to the Two Brewers, public-house, where I found the prisoner Coates, (who is my brother) with the waistcoat on - while I went for an officer, he escaped; I found Simcoe with a bundle of bedding, and a duplicate in his hand, of part of the property.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . I lodge at Coates's. On the afternoon of the 24th of March, two knocks came at the door, I opened it - the two prisoners came in, and went into the kitchen; I closed the door, and when I got half way up stairs, I thought I heard the kitchen door forced open - I went down for a pitcher of water, and Coates was laying something on a blanket, which by the size appeared to me a bed - I went up stairs to the window, and saw Coates go out about six yards, he then came back and beckoned Simcoe; he had a large bundle on his back; I followed them to the Two Brewers - returned and told the witness.
Prisoner COATES. Q. Were not the bundles tied up, when I went into the kitchen - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  CROSS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 24th of March, in the afternoon, Simcoe pawned some clothes with me for 14 s.


                  EDWARD 
                  FAIRCLOUGH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 24th of March, Coates pawned a waistcoat with me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THISLETON
               



            . I apprehended Simcoe about a quarter past three o'clock, and found 14 s. 11 d. on him, and a duplicate. I found a bundle at the house, containing the bedding, &c.


                  JOHN 
                  WATSON
               



            . I apprehended Coates next day.
COATES Defence. On the Wednesday prior to this affair, I went to White Cross-street, Prison, to see my father with my brother; my father wished to have some private conversation with me, and would not let my brother stop; he told me, he should want some clothes and money. I went on the Monday and found nobody at home; I went to Vine-street, and saw this man, and asked him to carry a bundle or two for me; he waited at the public-house, while I went and pawned some for money to take to my father.
SIMCOE'S Defence. I am a porter, and was standing at my beat, with my knott, this man hired me to carry the bundle; I stopped at the head of the stairs while he went down, he took me to the public-house, to have some beer, and took something out to pawn, to get money for his father, and sent me to pawn some, and when I returned the landlady said I had better stop, for the officer had been about it - so I waited and refused to give the money up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THISELTON
               



            . He said he pawned them by Coates's order, and should not part with the money till he came.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . He had not been with my father; my father wished him not to visit him.
COATES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SIMCOE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
