






SIXTH DAY.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25.
Middlesex Cases, Second Jury,
Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
420. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BENJAMIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of January
, a watch, value 30s.; two keys, value 2d., and a piece of ribbon, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        Emanuel Dias 
                        Santos
                     




                  , from his person
            .
REV. 
               
                  EMANUEL 
                  DIAS SANTOS
               



            . I am a Roman catholic clergyman
. On the 30th of January, I was waiting to go in at the pit door of Drury-lane theatre


, there was a considerable crowd, The prisoner was next to me, and close to the wall; I felt my guard chain round my neck break, and immediately perceived my watch was gone. The prisoner turned round and attempted to get away. I called Stop thief! And he was stopped - I lost sight of him for a little time, but saw him again, in five minutes after, I can swear he is the person who stood next to me. My watch was found.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS Q. Did you not tell the magistrate, that you could not tell how it went - A. No. I said, I did not see it taken, but saw him turn from me immediately it was done.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NETTLETON
               



            . I am a constable. I was at the pit door. There was a cry, and I stopped the prisoner; the prosecutor charged him stealing his watch, and gave charge of him. As I took him across Great Russell-street, he slipped from me, and ran under the coaches, down different streets, to the Olympic theatre, where he was taken. I lost sight of him for three minutes, but have no doubt of him. On the Thursday afterwards, the watch was brought to me by a person belonging to the theatre.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
