





932. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BAILEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of February
, 3 gallons of Sherry, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Lovegrove
               




            .
WILLIAM LOVEGROVE. I keep the Percy coffee-house
, in Rathbone-place. On the 18th of February I sent orders to the City to pay the duty on two pipes of wine, and I expected it the next day, but it did not come; about seven o'clock in the evening a witness came and told me the wine had been stopped in the street, and something taken out; the wine then came, and one of the pipes, which ought to have had 107 gallons in it, had only 104 - I had it guaged the next day - it was between three and four gallons short.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DEAR
               



            . On the 19th of February I was in Russell-street; I saw a cart with two pipes of wine in it - the prisoner was in it with his back to the horses; I waited at the corner of Bloomsbury-square for a quarter of an hour, and watched him - I thought at first he was boring a gimblet into the head of one of the casks, but I found by his movements that he was drawing some wine out of one of the pipes; the cart then went on: I saw the beadle, and we went up to the carman and asked him where the permits were - the prisoner was then in the cart; I got up to him, and asked him what he had got there - he began to kick against a nose-bag that was in the cart, as if to break a bottle that was in it; he could not break it, and he took the bag and threw it out - it caught against the wheel, and broke; he then got out, and ran away - I pursued him, and took him - the carman got away.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Then you do not know what directions might have been given to him by the carman? A. No; I am confident the carman saw what he was doing, as he was talking to him the while.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MURDON
               



            . I am beadle; the last witness spoke to me, and I saw the nose-bag thrown over the cart by the prisoner; the bottle broke, and the wine ran out and spilt over me; it was not white - I think it was of a reddish colour, but not so red as port - it looked more like sherry.
Cross-examined. Did it not stain your coat? A. No; it ran down my great coat - it was not white wine - I have drank wine - I think this was not white wine.


                  RICHARD 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I sent off one pipe of Spanish white wine, called sherry, which contained 107 gallons - I did not see where it was put; it was delivered by the Company's servant to a cart, but I did not see the name on the cart, and do not know who took it.
COURT to MR. LOVEGROVE. Q. Did you see the cart bring the wine? A. Yes; I think it had the name of Unwin on it - he is a carrier; I expected the wine to come, and I shewed Gill the same pipe of wine - it was very old East India sherry, and had been at the docks in my name.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILL
               



            . I am servant to Mr. William Simson: he is a wine merchant; he employed Unwin as a carrier; I saw the wine at Mr. Simson's door, in Tower-street, on the 19th of February; I guaged the pipe at Mr. Lovegrove's, it contained 104 gallons.
Cross-examined. You did not taste the wine? Q. No; I expect it was sherry.
Prisoner's Defence. I was very lame, and was going to Paddington, to a young man who sent for me to go to work; I saw the carman at the corner of Skinner-street, and asked if he was going to Paddington - he said he was going that way - I asked him to give me a ride; he met a man and spoke to him, and then he went on again; the witness then came up and spoke to him, and he told me to hand him out what was in the bag - I did, and it slipped from my hand and broke - I do not know what was in it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
