





892. 
               
                  
                     ALFRED CAESAR 
                     JOY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of June
, two seals, value 30 s.; two keys, value 10 s., and one chain, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Wheeler
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  WHEELER
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live in Bunhill-row. On the 16th of June, about ten o'clock at night, I was coming along Chiswell-street


; and just before I came to Lamb's-passage, I saw the prisoner standing against a post. He darted back, on seeing me, and then rushed on, as if going to pass me. He seized my chain, which broke - he got two seals and two keys, with the chain. He ran up Lamb's-passage, a young man got behind him and pursued him; being lame, I missed him. I am certain of his person - it was just under a gas-light. I informed the officer in about half an hour. I never saw the young man after, and suspect he was one of the gang. I saw the prisoner about three quarters of an hour after, among a famous gang of them, in Chequer-alley, in a coffee-shop. I knew him directly, and pointed him out from above ten others.


                  JAMES 
                  HANLEY
               



            . I went to the coffee-shop with Wheeler, - I directed him there. He described the prisoner accurately, and I knew him from the description he gave me. He pointed him out the moment he went into the coffee-shop. While I was securing him, some of the party left the shop; and as I brought him down the steps, he struggled to get away, and, with the assistance of the gang, he got away. Several then rushed out of the shop. I secured him within twenty yards of the shop - some seized my arms, and others shook and beat me most horribly.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been in the Refuge two years, and they bound me apprentice.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
