





662. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     MENDOZA
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of April
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hyde
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
, one pocket-book, value 1 s., and eight 1 l. Bank notes, his property
            .
MR. BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  HYDE
               



            , ESQ. On the 27th of April I was standing at the corner of Cockspur-street


, to see the King go to open the House - there was a great crowd. I felt a pull at my pocket, and immediately missed my pocket-book, as soon as I could put down my hand; it contained eight 1 l. notes, and a game certificate and receipt. I had received the notes from Messrs. Jones and 
               Lloyd
             the day before.


                  JAMES 
                  TEWSLEY
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Jones, Lloyd and Co. I remember paying Mr. Hyde thirty 1 l. notes; they were running numbers, and dated the 28th of March, 1820.


                  GEORGE 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . On the 27th of April I was with Batten, and saw the prisoner a little after three o'clock at Waterloo-place, in company with three others, attempt a gentleman's pocket. He lifted his coat up with one hand and put the other into his pocket - he left without taking anything. I followed him towards Charing-cross, and as I was coming up St. Martin's-street with Dukes and Batten, I saw the prisoner and two others go into the Horse and Dolphin there, I followed, and went into the taproom, no person was there; I went into the yard, saw the prisoner, and took him. I was in the act of searching him when he took eight notes from his left-hand breeches-pocket, and rolled them in his hand, I took them out. A game certificate was picked up in the yard by the landlady. Two other persons were in the yard, and as I opened the yard door one bolted out, and got away. Duke secured the other, but found nothing on him.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. The yard leads to the privy - A. Yes; the notes are No. 44501, and following numbers.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JEFFERSON
               



            . I produce a pocket-book which I saw Mrs. Jackson deliver to her husband, about four or five o'clock in the afternoon.


                  SARAH 
                  JACKSON
               



            . My husband keeps the Horse and Dolphin; the prisoner was in my house in company with two men, between three and four o'clock; about half an hour after the officer came and found a game certificate in the yard, and in about half an hour after that I found the pocket-book by the yard door - nobody had been thereexcept the prisoner and his companions; nobody but them were in the house.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DICKENS
               



            . I searched the prisoner in the house, and saw the notes found on him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BATTEN
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner at the corner of Waterloo-place, in company with two others; I did not follow him, but saw him again going into the Horse and Dolphin, followed him directly into the house, and saw him searched. I had seen him put his hand into a gentleman's pocket in Waterloo-place.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
