





1044. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of April
, 70 lbs. of lead, value 8 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas Pars 
                           Edwards
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to fixed to a building of his.


                  THOMAS 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I live in Manchester-street, Mary-le-bone. On the 24th of April I heard of some lead having been stolen from a house belonging to my father, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Pars Edwards
               



            , at No. 96, Great Portland-street


, which had been empty a short time; we went there, and found some lead was stolen from over the back parlour; we compared the lead produced with what was left; it exactly corresponded as far as it went, but there was much more gone.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WAREMAN
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 23d of April, at two o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner with this piece of lead - I called to him - he quickened his pace, and threw it down at the corner of a street - I sprung my rattle, and pursued him.


                  JAMES 
                  PERRY
               



            . I heard the rattle sprung, and assisted in taking the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to Paddington. On my return, passing near Portland-chapel, I found this lead laying on the ground; I took it up, and being seen by the watchman, I threw it down and ran away; another piece of lead was found the same night by the watchman - I hope the Court will believe it was so with mine.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
