






1733. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of August

, 52 pairs of shoes, value 4l.; 1 shawl, value 1s. 6d.; 1 table-cloth, value 2s.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; 2 rows of beads, value 6d.; 1 yard measure, value 2d.; 1 key, value 3d., and 6 books, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wasp
                        



                     
                  , the elder, and 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Wasp
                        



                     
                  , the younger, her masters
            ; and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     O'LEARY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said goods, she well knowing the same to have been stolen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WASP
               



            . I am a bootmaker

, and live in Holborn



. I am in partnership with my father, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wasp
               



             - the prisoner Johnson was in our service. On the 29th of August, in consequence of suspicion, I went to eight or nine pawnbrokers, and found some shoes, six books, and a variety of other things - these shoes I can swear to, as they had been trimmed by the prisoner the night before we missed them; the books had been in a book-case in my bed-room - she had been in our service about two years, and we had no reason to suspect her; she had to go from our house to Islington every day, and property was found at every pawnbroker's between our house and there.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HAMPSTEAD
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. Nicholl's. I have some shoes, books, and other things; the greater part were pawned by 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann O'Leary
               



            .


                  GEORGE 
                  UNDERWOOD
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. Nicholl's. I have some shoes pawned by 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann O'Leary
               



            , at different times.


                  RICHARD 
                  ROPE
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker in Liquorpond-street. I have some shoes pawned with me by 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann O'Leary
               



             - I do not recollect the prisoner pawning any thing.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I am a shopman to Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Beecham
               



            . I have two pairs of shoes pawned by Mary 
               
                  Ann 
                  O'Leary
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a shawl, pawned on the 25th of August, a table-cloth, and a pair of shoes, pawned by Johnson - and a shirt pawned, I believe, by one of the O'Leary's, but I cannot say which.


                  ROBERT 
                  BERRY
               



            . I have a pair of shoes pawned, I believe by O'Leary, on the 29th of August - she was in the shop at the time.


                  JOHN 
                  HUTHILL
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Loveday, a pawnbroker. I have two pairs of shoes pawned, I believe, by O'Leary, in the name of Brown.


                  MATTHEW 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I am a patrol. I produce a pair of shoes and some other articles, some lead and a key, the duplicate of a shawl pawned at Mr. Smith's, and a great number of shoes, which were given up before the Magistrate; Mary 
               
                  Ann 
                  O'Leary
               



             said she pawned some.


                  JOHN 
                  HENRY BILLINGS
               



            . I am an officer. I produce a necklace which I found in a small box belonging to Johnson, who was not present - Mrs. Wasp swore to the necklace, at the office; as I was taking Johnson to the office, she said if I would not take her before a Magistrate she would confess - but she owned she pawned two pairs.


                  MARY 
                  ANN O'LEARY
               



            . I took some of these things to pawn, but not near so many as are brought against me -I took some of the shoes; I cannot say which - I have known Johnson about four months; I live opposite her mother - she has given me ladies shoes to pawn; I pawned some of them at the corner of Hare-street-hill, and some at Mr. Nicholl's - I gave the money to Johnson; I often pawned for her.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
O'Leary's Defence. I appeal to the Court if it is likely I should pawn property so near my own house, when detection was sure to follow.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
O'LEARY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
