






1258. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  BOZIER
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of May
, 1 pair of shoes, value 6d.; 10lbs. of nails, value 1s.; 3 pairs of hinges, value 3d., and 1 oil-stone, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Daniel 
                        Wilston
                     



                  ; 1 quart pot, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        David 
                        Fotheringham
                     



                  ; and 1 pint pot, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Clark
               



            .
DANIEL WILSTON. I am a carpenter and joiner
. - These articles are mine, and were safe on the 29th of May, at seven o'clock in the evening, under my bench, in an unfinished house in Connaught-square


; the windows were shut, and the door padlocked - I had the key in my possession. I went to work the next morning, at six o'clock, and missed the tools. I saw them at the watch-house the next morning. Fotheringham and Clark's pots were on the premises.


                  PETER 
                  ASHWORTH
               



            . I am a watchman. On Tuesday, the 30th of May, early in the morning, I saw the two prisoners in Lower Barclay-street, Portman-square, while I was calling half-past one o'clock; I followed them to Duke-street; I there stopped them, and asked what they had got-Bozier said nothing; I laid hold of his pocket, and found a quantity of nails; I asked what he had got there - he said "A few nails;" I asked if he was a carpenter - he said, "Why do you think I stole them?" I said I would know, and took him to the watch-house; I found on him a quart pot, squeezed in his hat, and a pair of shoes- he had one shoe on his foot, and the other in his breast; I found a quantity of nails in Brown's coat pocket, a pint pot in his hat, an oil-stone in his breast, and a nail-bag round his shoulders - he gave no account how he came by them.
GEORGE CLARK. I keep the Hope public-house, at Paddington
. This pot is mine.
BOZIER's Defence. This man was not with me when I took them - I asked him if he would have part of them, which, at last, he did.
BOZIER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
