





Before Mr. Justice Park.
599. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BRITTON
               




             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Quye
                     




                  , on the night of the 25th of February
, and stealing 1 counterpane, value 10s.; 1 shift, value 5s.; 1 shirt, value 5s., and 1 night gown, value 5s.
            , his property.
JOHN QUYE. I live in Kingsgate-street, Holborn


, and am in the East India Company's service
. On the 25th of February, about nine o'clock in the evening, in consequence of what my wife said, I went into the passage, and shut the private door, which I found open - it is usually kept shut; my wife keeps a chandler's-shop. I immediately went up, and found the prisoner in the first floor room; I asked what he was doing there - he said he came to look for one Atkins - no such person lived in my house - I saw a bundle at his feet; I collared him, and called down Shaw, a lodger, who was then beadle, and gave him in charge, with the bundle - there were other things on the floor; there were two new suits of children's clothes, two children's hats, and other things, which are worth 5l. together. I was in the passage a quarter of an hour before - the door was shut then.


                  MARY 
                  QUYE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I had not been to the door for several hours. The bundle contains a shawl, a night gown, a shirt, and shift, which are ours.


                  SARAH 
                  BEECH
               



            . I lodge at this house. I went out at five o'clock, and shut the door.


                  ROBERT 
                  SHAW
               



            . I was a beadle at this time, and had just come home when this happened - I came in through the shop, and know nothing about the private door. I found on the prisoner two small skeleton keys, and a pipe key, which will open the door.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am a lock-smith
. I made the two keys for a house, but they were mis-fits. I was drinking with a shopmate the day before this, and asked him where Atkins lodged, as I had not seen him a long time - he said he lived at No. 22, Kingsgate-street, and seeing this door open I went up, knocked at the door twice, and it flew open; I stepped in, and was stepping back when the prosecutor came up.


                  JOHN 
                  QUYE
               



            . I live next door to No. 22 - I never heard of Atkins living there.
GUILTY. Aged 22.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
