





895. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of May
, a shift, value 5 s.; two pairs of drawers, value 2 s.; a quilt, value 5 s.; a pair of sheets, value 10 s.; two tablecloths, value 15 s.; five shirts, value 20 s.; six pairs of stockings, value 6 d.; three caps, value 3 s.; twelve handkerchiefs, value 12 s.; a pocket, value 1 s.; a waistcoat, value 2 s., and three aprons, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Emanuel 
                        Emanuel
                     



                  ; three shifts, value 13 s.; five collars, value 5 s.; two pairs of stockings, value 2 s.; two waistcoats, value 8 s., and three handkerchiefs, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Town
               



            .
EMANUEL EMANUEL. I live in New Bond-street, and am a foreign fruit seller

; my partner's name is Charles Town: we gave these goods to the carrier on the morning of Tuesday, the 10th of May; I saw him come through the shop, and take them; I had seen them before they were put into the parcel: next morning I heard of their being stolen. I went on Friday to Marlborough-street, and saw them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FLOYD
               



            . I am a carrier. I received a basket with some articles in it from Mr. Emanuel's, which I was to take to Mrs. Thomas, at Walham-green. When I got to the King's Arms, public-house


, about a quarter before three o'clock, I got out, and went up a passage for a pail to give my horses some water - when I returned I missed the basket, because my whip had been laying on it. I saw the prisoner, who was a stranger, about four o'clock the same day, in custody.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  BALDOCK
               



            . I am the proprietor of the errand-cart. I was in the cart, but I got out at the King's Arms for about two minutes; when I went back Floyd said he had lost a basket; I said it was impossible, as it had been safe about a minute before - in about two minutes afterwards I saw it on the prisoner's shoulder, in Silver-street, near the bottom of Southampton-street.


                  JAMES 
                  WILLIAM ARLE
               



            . I was in my master's shop, at the back of the King's Arms - I saw the prisoner go by, carrying a basket before him; he asked a milk-man to give him a lift up with it as he crossed the road, which he did - a parcel then dropped out, which he took up, and went on. The woman came soon after, and said she had lost a basket of linen; I ran out, supposing he was the person who took it, and found him with it on his back.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRITCHARD
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I have lately come from sea, andhave since been to my sister's, in the country - I come up to London to see my aunt, and was walking up Holborn, when a young man, dressed in blue, said to me, "Will you earn 1 s. to carry this to the foot of Holborn-bridge;" I took it, and when I got to Southampton-street, this young man came and said it was stolen - I said he might take it if it was; then Mrs. Baldock came up and said, "That is the villain." The officer took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
