





608. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     READY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, six yards of oil cloth, value 18 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Barker
               




            .



                  JOHN 
                  BARKER
               



            . I am an upholsterer
, and live in Titchfield-street. On the 28th of February I was informed this oil cloth was taken from the shop; I ran up to the end of Foley-place, and heard the prisoner say to his companion,
"What a go it was for him to take the oil-cloth," - they both ran down Portland-street; I followed, and opposite Riding-house-lane, Towers, the constable beckoned to me - he had found the oil-cloth, which is mine, and worth 18 s. he said the prisoner was one of the party, and I took him.


                  JAMES 
                  TOWERS
               



            . I am a constable, and deal in earthenware. I live next door to Barker. On the 28th of February, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I was called into my shop, and observed the prisoner and another boy passing over my area rails from Mr. Barker's shop. One of them had the oil-cloth under his arm - they were in company with each other. I went out and turned to my left - saw nobody; turned again, and by that time they had got to Foley-place. I am quite certain of the prisoner - I saw them again in Foley-place. The man who had it was waiting to see if he was followed, and seeing me threw it down and ran off. I threw it into a public-house, and pursued him, but he got off. As I returned I met Barker, and saw the prisoner before him. I secured him; he said he knew nothing of it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am footman to Dr. Bartlett; I was in Towers's shop - I saw the prisoner and another go up to Mr. Baker's shop and take the oil cloth; the companion carried it away. I told Towers, who pursued; I am sure of him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning home, and in Titchfield-street, saw a young man pass me with this oilcloth under his arm, the prosecutor followed, and I ran too - he dropped it, and I went about my business - the prosecutor laid hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
