





68. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of October
, three seals, value 30 s., and one ring, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Scott
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am a tailor
, and work for Mr. Oakley, of Margaret-street, Cavendish-square. On the 30th of October, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was going from Gate-street


 to Great Queen-street


, a procession was coming down. I stood still, being cautious not to go into the crowd. In about half a minute the procession passed close by me - a person came up and snatched at my seals - my fob was twisted, which secured the watch. The ring broke and he got the seals. I ran after him, callingStop thief! and caught him fifty yards off, without losing sight of him. I was not five yards from him all the time, and am certain he is the man. I collared him, tore his coat, and fell down - nobody but ourselves were in the road. I was up in a moment. Two coachmen stopped him. We were going up Gate-street to get a constable, and were surrounded by a mob - one man said,
"You villain, that is not the man that robbed you!" and struck me. Another man clasped his arms round my waist, and dragged me right from the prisoner - they held me against the wall and said
"Off! off!" I followed him down a court, he ran against a house, I caught and held him - the same mob surrounded and beat me most dreadfully - I was not able to work for a week. A boy came and snatched at my pocket - I struck him, he came again, felt in my flap, pulled the fob and watch out, and called for a knife. I kicked him away. A constable came and took the prisoner, whom I had held all this time. I was dreadfully beat by weapons as thick as my wrist. I am certain the prisoner is the man who took my seals. His coat was torn when I retook him.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Were not many persons by you - A. Nobody but the prisoner; the procession was fifty yards off.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am a journeyman baker. I was in Long-acre about half-past six o'clock, in front of one of the processions, and saw the prisoner snatch two seals from another gentleman. I watched him into Queen-street, he turned towards the prosecutor; I did not see the snatch - I saw him run and the prosecutor following - I ran and assisted in taking him. We were kicked and beat very much by a mob. I was dragged into the road and obliged to let go. I caught him again, and the same gang surrounded us - he was at last secured. He is the man Scott was pursuing.


                  JOHN 
                  KENDRICK
               



            . I searched the prisoner at the watch-house, and found two handkerchiefs and duplicates of two more on him.
Prisoner's Defence. The handkerchiefs are my own - I know nothing of this charge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
