





796. 
               
                  
                     HORATIO 
                     ELISHA
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of January
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 watch-chain, value 30s.; 2 rings, value 5s.; 1 seal, value 5s.; 1 watch-key, value 5s., and 1 slide, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Gerard Wilkins 
                     Skudder
                  




               
            .


                  GERARD 
                  WILKINS SKUDDER
               



            . I am a sugar-refiner
, and live in Church-lane, St. George's in the East


. The prisoner is connected with my family by marriage, but I did not know he was in the habit of visiting at my house; on the 14th of January, about ten o'clock in the morning, I left my watch at home while I went to the sugar-house, in Wellclose-square; I returned about one o'clock, and then missed it from the sideboard in the dining-room - it was afterwards produced by the pawnbroker.


                  MARTHA 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Skudder. He went out on the 14th of January; the prisoner came to the house, and brought a note for me to take to my mistress; I took the note to her, and told him to wait outside the door; he said he was very tired, and I asked him to sit down in the parlour - when I returned, he was in the same place in which I left him; I then went and got a few things, which my mistress told me to give him - when he was gone, I missed the watch; he had to go upstairs to get at the room where the watch was.


                  PHILIP 
                  PARISH
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I met the prisoner accidentally, last Thursday week; I told him I apprehended him on suspicion of stealing a watch in the neighbourhood of Whitechapel; he said, "I suppose you mean Skudder's watch - that has been settled some time; my aunt wanted to redeem it next day:" he did not tell me where the watch was, but I heard it had been found before that.


                  EDMUND 
                  JULIUS SUTTON
               



            . I am an assistant to Mr. Miller, a pawnborker, in Kingsland-road. I have a watch, pawned in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Norton
               



            ; I have very little doubt it was pawned by the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for seven Years
            .
