





2065. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     DEATH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of October
, 1 time-piece, value 40s.
            , the goods of 
               

                        Daniel 
                        Deacon
                     



                  , the elder




            , and others.


                  CHARLES 
                  TWIST
               



            . I am in the service of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Deacon
               



            , the elder, and his two sons, at the White Horse, Cripplegate. On the 27th of October, I was told there was a time-piece missing from the budget of a waggon, which went from there on the Saturday, to go to Cambridge, and returned on the Monday; this is the timepiece - it has the name of Deacon on it.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a waggoner. I came with the waggon from Buntingford last Monday - the time-piece was safe at six o'clock, and when we got to London I missed it; I took the prisoner up on the road out of charity, as he said he had no money, and brought him to Stamford-hill.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FOX
               



            . I am the guard of the waggon. The prisoner was taken up out of charity, and sat on the front of the waggon, by the time-piece, which hung in a leather budget in front.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLMOTT
               



            . The prisoner and the time-piece were given to me by Fox - the prisoner cried, and seemed sorry.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FOX
               



            . The prisoner told us where he was apprentice
 - we went there, and found where his father lived; he was at home having his breakfast on the Tuesday morning - we called him to the door, and asked him for it; he denied it twice, and then said he had given it to his sister - he sent her for it, and gave it us.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
