





925. 
               
                  STEPHEN 
                  KEAVAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of April
, a handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Charles Edward 
                        Morton
                     




                  , from his person
            .
CHARLES EDWARD MORTON. I am a silversmith
, and live in Bouverie-street, Fleet-street. On the 25th of April, about six o'clock in the evening, I was in Fleet-street


, coming from the city, when a gentleman gave me information - I felt and missed my handkerchief - I followed in the direction he pointed out, and took two boys about thirty yards from the spot - the prisoner was one - I charged them with it, which they denied; before an officer could be procured the other got from me. I kept the prisoner, but have not found my handkerchief.


                  JONATHAN 
                  WILLIAM MILLER
               



            . I am a woollen-draper, and live in Great Bartholomew-close. On the 25th of April, I was in Fleet-street, and saw the prisoner take a handkerchief from Mr. Morton's pocket, about the middle of Fleet-street - another person was in his company, about his own age - I told Mr. Morton, and directed him which way they were gone; I saw him give the handkerchief to his companion - I joined in the pursuit, and saw Morton take them; the other got away while I was looking for a constable - I am certain of his person.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. How long after it occurred did you give the prosecutor notice? A. About five minutes - I told him as soon as I saw which way they went; I had two friends with me who rather checked my giving information - I took some time to consider of it; the prisoner was searched at my suggestion - I had seen the other receive the handkerchief; I might have informed the prosecutor in two or three minutes; I told him as soon as I could - I had lost my own handkerchief not three minutes before.


                  THOMAS 
                  LIGHTFOOT
               



            . I am a street-keeper, and received the prisoner on this charge, which he denied - he had 23 s. 6 d. in his hand shewing to the prosecutor.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
