





1769. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  NASH
               




             was indicted for 


               putting off to Thomas Smee, 34 pieces of false and counterfeit milled money, counterfeited to the likeness of good sixpences, at a lower rate and value then the same did by their denomination import, and were counterfeited for
            ; and that he had previously been convicted of felony.
SECOND COUNT, varying the charge.
MESSRS. BOLLAND and LAW conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMEE
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. In consequence of a communication with Avery on the 28th of July, I altered my usual dress, and went to the Black-boy public-house, Long-acre; I saw the prisoner there, and told him I had come from Susan from the House of Correction - that I was very badly off, and should be much obliged to him if he would sell me a little money; he said I have not any now, but if you will come to-morrow night I will see - I went the next night, but he had none then - there was no quantity mentioned. On the 29th he told me if I would come the next night, he would let me have what he could; I went again on the 30th to the Two-brewers, public-housein Whitecross-street, were I met him; we went to Short's-gardens, Drury-lane - he told me he had some money for me, and said "Give me your money;" I gave him 7s., and I received 40 sixpences - he said "As you came from Susan, I will let you have some more," and told me to come again on the Saturday; I put the 40 sixpences into my pocket, and went to the Adam and Eve public-house, where I gave them to Avery; I gave the prisoner for them two half-crowns, which I had received of Avery - I told him I was very poor, or I would have given him more; he then gave me six sixpences for luck - I afterwards assisted in his apprehension on the 8th of August, and have had the sixpences ever since.


                  JOHN 
                  AVERY
               



            . I am patrol of Bow-street. I communicated with Smee from time to time, and on the 30th of July he brought me forty-six sixpences; these are them - I have had them ever since.


                  JOHN 
                  MASON
               



            . I assisted in apprehending the prisoner; I saw him searched, and forty bad sixpences were found on him in a black bag - Smee found them under his left arm.
Prisoner. They asked if I had got any bad money about me; I let them search me, and they found nothing - they then pulled my coat off, and he put his hand to the sleeve of my coat, and said he found them there, but there were none till he put them there; my coat was off and lying on the ground - they neither of them told me what was in the bag. Witness. It was taken out when the coat was but half off; there are two parcels, a score in each.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am inspector of coin at the Mint; these forty-six sixpences are all counterfeit - they are cast from a white metal, and are all from the same mould; these forty are all counterfeit, and of the same description with the others.


                  GEORGE 
                  BRAND
               



            . I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction of felony.
COURT. Q. Were you present at his trial? A. No, but he was brought to the House of Correction in 1823.
Prisoner's Defence. I am totally innocent of the charge; I was going by the Tile-kilns public-house, and the officer came and asked if I would go and have something to drink - I had drank with him once before; I said I had no money, but he said "Come in," and we went and had half a pint of gin - he handed me the first glass, and said "You treated me and I will treat you now;" he said his friend was out of place - I was shaking hands with them and bade them good by - I went some distance, and they called me back, and said I will tell you where I will meet you to night at a public-house; he then said he was an officer, and he took me to a house they call the White-house, and there they searched me - I asked what they had taken from me, but I never saw what it was till I was sent down to Clerkenwell.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
But negativing the former conviction it not having been proved.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
