





322. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RUDGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, 3 shawls, value 28s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Hodge
               




            .
HENRY HODGE. I am a linen-draper
, and live at Bow


. On the 17th of December I lost three shawls, but I was not at home; I had seen one of them the day before and the other two about a week: I went to Lambeth-street Office, and saw three, which I knew to be mine - they have my private-mark on them.


                  LEWIS 
                  CHAMBERS
               



            . On the 17th of December I was looking out of my window, opposite the prosecutor's shop- I saw the prisoner, in company with a young man, walking backwards and forwards, looking into the shop; it took my attention: I then saw the prisoner go into the shop - he had an apron on; I saw him take something from the shop counter; when he came out he had something in his apron: I ran down stairs, and informed the officer - when the prisoner came out he began to walk very fast; I saw the officer go and take him - I am sure he is the boy.
Prisoner. Q.Where were you? A. Up stairs; our window is much lower than Mr. Hodge's - his shop goes up three or four steps; I only lost sight of him while I came down stairs - it was not five minutes from the time he went into the shop till he was taken back; the officer lives nearly opposite: I did not lose sight of him while I called the officer, as he stood at his door - when he was taken he was untying his apron; it was dropping from him.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUDSON
               



            . I am an officer. I went to the prisoner; he was running round the brewhouse corner - these shawls were in his apron, which was untied from his body, though he had not quite dropped it.
Prisoner. Q.Was the property on me? A. Yes - you had the apron in your hands; the string was untied from behind: I took them from your person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
