





996. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     GRAHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of June
, one knapsack, value 6 d.; three shirts, value 6 s.; one pair of shoes, value 6 d.; one pair of boots, value 2 s.; four brushes, value 1 s.; one knife, value 2 d.; one sovereign, and 8 s. in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wilson
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a soldier
. On the 29th of June I left Chelsea, to embark for Leith, I met the prisoner at the Coach and Horses, public-house, Westminster, and dined with him. We were together from eight o'clock in the morning till half-past twelve. I gave him my knapsack to carry - it contained the articles stated in the indictment. About the middle of London-bridge


 I missed him with it, and saw him at Hampstead three days after - he denied ever having seen me or my property. I searched him andfound my discharge, pension papers, and knife on him, which were in the knapsack.
Prisoner. Q. Were you not drunk - A. No; perfectly sober.


                  JOHN 
                  GRAY
               



            . I was at the New George, public-house, Drury-court, and saw the prisoner there, about five o'clock, with a knapsack; he opened it in the tap-room - it contained boots, shirts, and things.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I keep the New George, public-house. On the 29th of June, about five o'clock, the prisoner came in a coach, and asked me to let him put a knapsack in the bar - he did so, and took the things out a few at a time, and made away with them all, except a shirt, waistcoat, and a pair of stockings, which he left in my care.


                  CHARLES 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended him on the 2d of July. He said the truth was best, and that he left the shirt, waistcoat, and stockings, at the New George, public-house.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I looked for the man, but could not find him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
