





906. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, 105 lbs. of printed paper, value 2 l. 12 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Francis Charles 
                     Rivington
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Rivington
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  YOUNGHUSBAND
               



            . I am a cheesemonger, and live in St. Martin's-le-grand. On the 25th of August I bought some paper of the prisoner at 4 d. per lb. I gave him an account of it, it came to 1 l. 15 s. which I paid him. Next day a gentleman called and produced some of the same sort, and I shewed him what I had bought.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . On the 28th of August Mr. Rivington gave the prisoner into my charge. I asked him if he knew anything of the paper he sold to Younghusband? he directly said
"Yes, I have sold some to Younghusband, a cheesemonger, in St. Martin's-le-Grand," but Turner, who is in the prosecutor's warehouse, authorized him to take it out to sell, but that he, the prisoner, received part of the money he sold it for. I found some books at his house which the prosecutors would not exactly swear to.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he say Turner ordered him to sell it - A. Yes, he said he received a regular quantum of the money.


                  FRANCIS 
                  CHARLES RIVINGTON
               



            , ESQ
. I am in partnership with 
               
                  John 
                  Rivington
               



            ; we are booksellers

, and live in St. Paul's Churchyard


; the prisoner was one of our porters
, and had been in our employ between three and four years. The paper is sheets of Miller's Gardener's Dictionary. I heard it had been sold to Younghusband. No paper of this description had been ordered to be sold - the prisoner knew that it was part of a very valuable work, and not refuse sheets. None of our servants are authorized to sell paper.
Prisoner's Defence. I had instructions to sell it. and gave him the money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
