





420. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PRESTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of January
, one pistol, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Clark
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CLARK
               



            . I keep the Queen's-head, public-house, Knightsbridge
. About two years ago, I lent this pistol to my brother.


                  ELIZA 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am sister-in-law to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Clark
               



            . My husband keeps the King's Arms, at Knightsbridge


. On the 5th of January, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I missed this pistol from the bar, it was safe at bed-time, the night before. I found the prisoner in custody with it three weeks after - he came into our service, as pot boy, on the 28th of December, and left without notice, a few minutes before the pistol was missed - it was then unloaded.


                  DANIEL 
                  DUTCH
               



            . I am an officer. On the 29th of January, I took the prisoner in charge, at the Kentish Arms, public-house, Burton-cresent. He came in begging - I saw something in his pocket, which turned out to be the pistol - he said he found it coming from Chatham, it was loaded with powder and ball.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ROBERT 
                  SOUTHERN
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 25th, between seven and eight o'clock, I was on duty in Burton-crescent, and saw the prisoner there, and between eleven and twelve, I was shot at by some person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
