





1607. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
, 1 table, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Arrow
                        




                     
                  ; and that, on the 11th of June, in the 10th year of His Majesty's Reign, he was convicted of felony by the name of 
                     
                        William 
                        Clancey
                     



.


                  JAMES 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker, and work for 
               
                  John 
                  Arrow
               



            , an auctioneer
 of King's-street, Bloomsbury


. I was in his shop on the 21st of July - I saw the prisoner come in and look at the furniture; he then walked away with the table - he walked up the street, then crossed, and came down the street on the other side of the way - I took him with the property on his shoulder; he came and put it down where he took it from, and begged me to let him go.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say I should suffer for all that your master had lost for the last three months? A. No; I said I should not let him go as we had lost so much.
Prisoner's Defence. I was looking in a picture-shop - a very respectable person came and said he would give me 1s. to take the table for him - he gave me 6d., and was to give me 6d. more when I got to Southampton-street; the witness then came and took me - the other person ran off; I told him that was the man, but he did not offer to pursue him.


                  GEORGE 
                  FORDVCE
               



            . I took the prisoner for a robbery, for which he was tried last June and sentenced to fourteen days' imprisonment - I am certain he is the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
