





1807. 
               
                  JULIA 
                  CANE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, 1 purse, value 4d.; 1 sovereign, and a 5l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Davies
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS DAVIES. I am a mariner
, and live in Great Sutton-street, Clerkenwell. On the 5th of October, a little after twelve o'clock at night, I was going from Fore-street; the prisoner accosted me in Bridgwater-square


 - I was perfectly sober - she said she was a widow, and told me a tale of distress; said she had been to seen a sick friend, and asked me for money; I said I had none, but through her importunity I took out some loose silver, and not having a 6d., I gave her 1s. - I then felt my purse safe in my pocket; nobody was near enough to take it but her. I walked to the top of Fann-street, and putting my hand into my pocket, missed the purse - she was gone then. I went to the watchman, told him, and described her as a woman dressed in black, without a bonnet; we traced her to Smithfield, and in consequence of information from a watchman there, we found her at two o'clock - I am certain of her person; she was taken to the watch-house and searched; I described the purse and money - the purse was found on her, with the 5l. note and 12s. remaining in it.
Prisoner. Did I not meet you in Long-lane, when another young woman was talking to you? You insisted on my laying hold of your arm - you gave the purse into my hand, after we had been down a passage. Witness. It is all false; I made no proposal to her; I was not in Long-lane; I asked where her friend lived, and where she lived - she said, in Cow-lane. I was not out of the city while she was near me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I am a watchman. Davies came to me in West-street, about half-past twelve o'clock, and described a person to me; I afterwards found the prisoner, by his description, at supper in a lodging-house in West-street; she answered his description; he spoke positively to her, on seeing her - I took her to the watch-house; she was searched in a room upstairs, and a purse was afterwards produced which Davies claimed.


                  JOHN 
                  IVERSON
               



            . I am constable of the night. I searched the prisoner, and found a purse coutaining a 5l. note and 12s. on her - Davies claimed the note and purse - the purse was in her month - I saw her take it from her bosom, and put it into her mouth; he described the name on the note.(Purse and note produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was unpinning my clothes, and had the purse in my hand - he thought it was in my mouth. He gave the note into my hand in a passage of a house; he asked my direction, which I told him, and in an hour and a half he came and asked if I was within - I said, "Yes, who wants me?" but if I had robbed him, I would have said nothing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Life
            .
