





245. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  ROSAMOND
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of October
, 1 watch, value 36s.; 1 seal, value 4s., and 1 string, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Bowie
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM BOWIE. I am employed at the East-India Company's warehouse
, and live in Rudduck's-buildings, Shoreditch. On Saturday, the 28th of October, about six o'clock in the evening, I was in Long-lane, Smithfield


, and was stopped by three or four persons, which I at first considered accidental - one of them attempted to take the wall, and as I gave way for him, I was pushed forward, and my watch very forcibly snatched from my fob - I was hustled a little; the one who took it ran down Three-fox-court, to a dark place; I did not sufficiently notice him so as to swear to him - I found the prisoner in custody, with my watch, next night; I ran down the alley, but could not see the person.


                  EZRA 
                  GARDINER
               



            . I live at the corner of Three-fox-court, in Long-lane. I was in my shop, and saw three men hustling a man at the corner of my door - I and my brother rushed out; my brother and the prosecutor followed the prisoner in the direction they ran - I had seen three of them run down there; I observed one of them, and firmly believe him to be the prisoner; I went down Long-lane to the pig-market, to meet them at the other end of the court, but before I got there I met the prisoner, who was the first person running; in fact, I saw no other person running - I cannot say whether he came out of the court, as I was then about twenty yards from it. I seized him, and said, "You are the person who robbed the man of his watch" - he said, "You are mistaken, I have done nothing;" my belief is that he is the man.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it not dark? A. Yes; the gas was lighted.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FAULKNER
               



            . I was coming up Long-lane, at a few minutes after six o'clock, and saw Gardiner and the prisoner scuffling in the road; they got on to the pavement; the prisoner tried to get away, but could not - I saw him take something from his coat-pocket, and throw it into the passage of a house there - I called to the landlord, and said, whatever the man had got, he had thrown into the passage; he called for a light, and this watch and case were picked up in his passage, in two different places.


                  JOHN 
                  DELL
               



            . I live at a shop, No. 62, Long-lane - Faulkner called out to me, that the prisoner had thrown something into my passage - I was giving a girl change, and saw the prisoner at the door in custody - I called for a light, and found the watch and case.


                  JOHN 
                  GODFREY
               



            . I took him in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I came from Charterhouse-lane into the pig-market, but never touched the watch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
