






1607. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  PRUDON
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  COX
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of August
, 1 watch, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph William 
                        Yeates
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH WILLIAM YEATES. I am a cutler
, and live on Lambeth-hill, Doctors'-commons. On the 2d of August, about nine o'clock in the evening, I was on Clerkenwell-green, going to my club; I saw Prudon, who stooped and picked up, or pretended to pick up, a shilling; he asked if it was mine; I said, No - I had only two half-crowns to pay my club money - he then asked me to have something to drink, and we went into the General Graham public-house


, and sat down on a settle facing the bar; Cox was there when we went in; Prudon sat down by me, and asked, if any body in the room had got a bit of tobacco for his tooth; one, who I believe, was Cox, said, here is some; handing him a box - he then went out, and Prudon openedthe box, and there was a sixpence upon the tobacco; he took it out, and put in a farthing - the one who lent him the box came in again - Prudon gave him the box; he shook it to his left ear, and said, "D - n it, you have acted honestly - you have left my money as you found it;" they talked a bit, and then Prudon offered to bet a crown that it did not contain the same money as when he received it, and asked if I would be half of it; I said, I would not - I did not like to lay wagers - I then took out my watch and gave it to the pot-boy, to take care of, because I thought I was in bad company - I do not know whether he gave it to his mistress, but he walked towards the counter - I did not go out, because I saw a party of about a dozen round the door, who are in the outer court now - I was on the settle facing the bar, and could see the door; the mistress said to the boy, "Give the watch back to the person who gave it you, I will have nothing to do with it;" he brought it back to me - I was putting it into my pocket when Prudon snatched it from me and gave it to Cox, to the best of my knowledge; and Cox ran to the street-door; I got off the settle, followed and collared him; another man came behind, collared me and pulled me backwards; by that means they both got clear off - I have heard the other man was Prudon - on the Monday following I went to the same house with a watchman and officer - I found Prudon there, dancing with two girls of the town; Cox was taken on the 10th of September.


                  GEORGE 
                  MIDDLEMASS
               



            . I am pot-boy at this house. I remember the prisoners being there - they generally come into the house of an evening to drink - I saw Cox first - they were with Mr. Yeates - I do not know who came in first - I did not hear the betting going on, but Yeates gave me the watch to hold - he did not tell me to do any thing with it - my mistress was busy at the bar and knew nothing of it - I did not speak to her about the watch, but I gave it back, because she called me, as she wanted me; I gave it to Yeates, and said I would have nothing to do with it - my master and mistress had always told me to have nothing to do with things in the tap-room - I then went and sat down on a seat, and soon afterwards there was a bustle to the door - I rather think the prisoners were there - the prosecutor did not complain that he had lost his watch till after all was done, and he came in - Cox came in afterwards in a disguise with a smock-frock on - he had before a blue coat on and was very clean - Yeates did not give me the watch to take to my mistress - I do not know that any of the persons about were bad characters - there was a rush to the door.
COURT. Q. Had Cox a smock-frock on at first? A. No. I have known him in the tap-room before, and in company with Prudon.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  SPARKHALL
               



            . I assist my cousin in the bar at the General Graham public-house. I saw the prosecutor and Prudon come in and call for a pint of beer, which I drew - an oyster man then came in; I thought I heard them quarrelling, and I called the boy to come away - I have been there two years, and have seen the prisoners there frequently; there were more than a dozen in the tap-room; I did not hear of the watch being stolen till after they were all gone; I saw Cox rush to the door; some one collared him, but I do not know who; I called out that there was going to be a row, I would send for an officer and clear the house.


                  MATTHEW 
                  FOY
               



            . I am a watchman of Castle Baynard Ward. Yeates told me, on the Sunday, that he had lost his watch - he described the persons - I said I thought I knew them; I went with the night constable to several houses till we got to the General Graham, where we found Prudon; we took him to the lock-up place, and told him what it was for; he denied all knowledge of the prosecutor or of the transaction; the watch was delivered to the prosecutor at the door of the Distillers' Arms public-house, Saffron-hill; Prudon admitted before, the Magistrate, that he had the watch in his hand, but said he held it for a bet of 5s., and would not give it up.(Property produced and sworn to.)
PRUDON'S Defence. When I returned the man his box, he said he had got his money all right; the prosecutor said he would lay 5s. he had not got it right; he then bethought himself that he had but 6d., but he had got a beautiful watch; and gave it to the pot-boy to hold; the mistress then called the boy away; he said to me "You hold it and if I win I will give you 6d. for it;" the man then opened the box, and there was another 6d. under the tobacco; the prosecutor lost the bet, and he would not give up the watch - the other man then snatched the watch and ran off.
COX'S Defence. I went to have some beer; I heard a row, and turned round and saw a mob - I heard the prosecutor say, "I will lay my watch against 5s.;" he put the watch into the pot-boy's hand, and the landlady called"John, come away, have nothing to do with it;" I did not stop to see the remainder of the business - I drank my beer and came away.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHANDLER
               



            . I am a chimney-sweeper, and live at No. 5, Silver-street, Clerkenwell. I was at the General Graham on this night; I saw Prudon and the prosecutor come in and ask for a pint of porter; Prudon asked the prosecutor to give him a bit of tobacco - he said he had not got any - then another person lent him a bit, and went out, and the prosecutor took the box and played some trick with it - Prudon gave it back to the man - and after a little while the prosecutor told him he had not got what ought to be in the box; the man rattled it and said he was sure it was all right; the prosecutor said he would lay him a wager of it - that he had got no money, but had got a good watch, and would lay that against 5s.; the watch was put into the boy's hand; the housekeeper would not let him hold the stakes; he then asked Prudon to hold it, and he would give him 6d. if he won - Prudon took it to hold; the box was then opened; I did not see what was in it, but directly the prosecutor ran out to get an officer; the others remained there drinking their porter.
COURT. Q. Who was at the door? A. There were some persons there; I was drinking with Rose; there were a great many people at the door; I have known Prudon four years, he is quite a good sort of man.
Q. Did the prosecutor complain of losing his watch. A. He ran out after the man who won the watch - he said if he could see the man he would leave it at the bar for the money; I remember the pot-boy returning the watch, because the lady would not let him hold it; Prudon gave it to the man who won the wager; the prosecutor put it on the table, and then took it up and put it into Prudon's hand.
Q. Will you swear that Cox did not run off with the watch? A. I do not know Cox; I do not know whotook it; he gave the watch to the man who won it; and he went away almost immediately; he did not stop; there were other persons there; the man might stay a minute or two in the house; I cannot say who took the watch; he gave it to the man who won the wager.
Q. Will you swear it was not Cox? A. I cannot swear a thing I do not know.
CHARLOTTE SPARKHALL. My Lord, this witness was not in the tap-room, he was in the bar; he saw nothing at all of it.
PRUDON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
COX - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
