





1044. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CHAMBERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of June
, one watch, value 8 l.; two seals, value 30 s; one key, value 5 s.; one ring, value 5 s., and one ribbon, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Elliott
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELLIOTT
               



            . I am a clerk
 to Messrs. Nicholls and Company, merchants, King's-Arm's-yard, Coleman-street. On the 28th of June, about twenty minutes past nine o'clock in the evening, I was going out, and had got into Coleman-street


; I had my watch in my fob - I was close to Coleman-street-buildings; a man ran swiftly past me, and snatched my watch - I turned round instantly, he attempted to get up Coleman-street-buildings - I followed, crying Stop thief! he was stopped by an officer about fifty or sixty yards off, without my losing sight of him; a boy delivered me the watch.


                  CHARLES 
                  JOHNSTON
               



            . I am an officer. I was in Coleman-street, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I saw the prosecutor struggling with the prisoner; at the corner of the buildings, he got from him; he got down Coleman-street, and as he crossed the road he knocked a man down who tried to stop him - and by London-wall, my partner tried to stop him, and he knocked him down; he got up, and we both collared him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARKWELL
               



            . I am an officer. I was coming down Coleman-street, I heard the cry and saw the prisoner running towards me without his hat; he ran against me, I slipped down, but secured him directly.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
