





780. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LEE
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of April
, one handkerchief, value 9 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Holland
                        



                     
                  , widow
; one gown, value 7 s.; one petticoat, value 4 s.; one shift, value 2 s. 6 d.; four handkerchiefs, value 18 d.; four aprons, value 3 s., and two caps, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Matilda 
                           Holland
                        



                     
                  , from the person of the said 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Holland
                     



.


                  ANN 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . I live in Worship-street. On the 4th of April, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I was going along Houndsditch


, with a bundle, containing the articles stated in the indictment, which were my daughter Matilda's - the handkerchief was mine. When I got to Fire-ball-court


 a man came up, and snatched it; I had been ill, and was too weak to resist; I called out till my strength was gone, and followed him half-way up the court - he got out of my sight. I have not seen the things since, nor do I know the man. I saw the prisoner at the Mansion House, two months after.


                  RALPH 
                  CORSTER
               



            . I am a tailor, and live in Still-alley, Houndsditch. I saw the prosecutrix - her bundle was then gone. I had a heavy load on my shoulder. She complained of being robbed of a bundle; the man was then gone up the court; I did not pursue. I had seen the prisoner pass me directly before that at the corner of Fire-ball-court, with a bundle. I knew him well before, and am certain of him. I went home, and next morning informed the officer.
Prisoner. Q. Was I running - A. Yes; rather swiftly. I knew where he lived.
DAVID M'COMBIE. I am an officer. On the evening of the 4th of April, between seven and eight o'clock, I was on duty in Houndsditch, and was informed the prosecutrix had been robbed. I went up, and found her quite exhausted. Fire-ball-court is a dangerous place to pursue in. On the 2d of June I was in Castle-street, and heard a cry of Stop thief! towards Bury-street - the prisoner came running towards me, he jumped aside, and was stopped close by Fire-ball-court.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am a constable. I secured the prisoner on the 2d of June.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
