





325. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 17th of November
, 2 hearth-rugs, value 3l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Reyley
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        Alfred 
                        Lapworth
                     



                  , which had lately before been stolen, he knowing the same to have been stolen
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner at his lodgings, and found some duplicates there - here is one of a hearth-rug which had been pawned in Mary-le-bone-street; I found another hearth-rug at Mr. Burchett's; the prisoner (without my making him any promise or threat, as Hall and Chamberlain were going from the room) called me to him, and said "Here, here, what a bl-d rascal that Hall is:" I went after him, and he again said "What a bl-d rascal that Hall is;" and said he saw Hall cut the carpet off the length, and bring it out - he then said that Hall had given him the rugs to pawn - that Hall had most of the money, except 18d., I think it was to redeem a waistcoat; he also said that he had given him some drugget, which he had pawned at another place; he said he saw the carpet cut off at Mr. Reyley's shop; in consequence of what he said, I went to Mr. Burchett's, and there I found one rug, and at Mr. Ross's, another, of which this is the duplicate, which I found in the prisoner's wife's hand - she was endeavouring to conceal it.


                  THOMAS 
                  BURCHETT
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Paddington-street. This rug was pawned with me by the prisoner; I asked if it was his own - he said it was; that he made them on his own account; he asked me, I think, 12s.; I said I would make it 10s.; he said "If you make it 12s., I have two other duplicates which I will redeem," and I did; he pawned it in the name of William Seele - my man wrote the duplicate.
JAMES MEEDY. I am shopman to Mr. Ross, a pawnbroker, of Paddington-street. On the 13th of November the prisoner pawned this rug in the name of David Evans; I asked if it were his own; he said Yes, he dealt in these things, and they were worth from 30s. to 35s. a piece; I lent him 10s. upon it; on the 18th of November, another man came, and had the same rug put in the name of John Williams.
Prisoner. Q.Was it 10s. or 12s. I asked for it? A. Ten shillings; I am sure I asked you those questions; I said at the office another person came and paid the interest, and it was so.
JAMES REYLEY. I am in partnership with 
               
                  Alfred 
                  Lapworth
               



            : we had these rugs in our shop, and never soldthem; Mr. Denby is the manufacturer - we lost them while Hall was in our service.
MR. DENBY. I manufactured these rugs for the prosecutors; we make this particular pattern for no other persons.
Prisoner's Defence. My brother-in-law, Hall, came to our house, and said "I wish you to pawn something," and gave me a bundle with two rugs. a piece of carpet, and a drugget; I was to put them in in my own name, which I did- he came in the morning, and fetched away 22s.; I was to take the rest of the money down to a public-house, in Bond-street, and have a roll and cheese, and a pint of beer; I have a wife and child.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
