







1652. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     PARSONS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of July
, 211lbs. weight of bacon, value 4l., and two hams, value 13s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a wholesale cheesemonger
, and live in Grafton-street, Soho


. On the 24th of July, about nine o'clock in the evening, Parsons came and asked me to shew him some bacon - he looked out three sides, which weight 311lbs.; I made him out a bill which came to 4l. 7s. 11d. - he then asked if I had any hams at a low price - he looked out two, which weighed 31 1/2lbs., and which came to 13s. - he said if I would send them with him he would pay; I said he must wait till my other lad came in as I had only one there; I asked him his name - he hesitated some time; I asked him three times, and then he gave the name of Parsons - I asked where he lived, he hesitated some time, and then said, "Not far from the top of Crown-street;" I said I could not send the goods without knowing where he lived; he said it was of no consequence, he would go with the boy and send the money back; the other boy then came in, and I sent the two boys with him, the sides of bacon, and the hams; in about half an hour Stephen Sadler, one of the boys, returned - he brought no money, but in consequence of what he said I ran with him as fast as I could to Bainbridge-street, St. Giles', and there saw 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Jackson
               



             shutting up a window; I took him by the arm, and said, "What have you done with the goods these boys brought here?" he said, "I know nothing about them;" I said, "You must know something about them, because you were the boy who brought the light;" he said he knew nothing at all about the hams; I then asked him if he knew the man who came with the goods - he said he knew nothing of the man nor the hams or bacon; I then ordered Sadler to take him into custody - he took him into the room where the goods had been left; I then went into the shop and saw Margaret Jackson - I asked if she knew what had become of the goods; she said she knew nothing of the goods - I asked if she did not know the back premises; she said No; I asked if she did not know the man who ordered them - she said No; the watchman was with me, and I said I should not go out of the house till I had searched - she took a key out of her pocket, and said I might search where I pleased; the watchman was by my side, and said, "We need not go far to search the house;" he took me into the next room, in which there was a bed, by the side of which there was a trap-door which shut down very close; I should not have seen it if it had not been for the watchman - he lifted it up, it led into a cellar - I took his lantern, and we found the three sides of bacon and two hams, which I knew to be mine; I then ordered the watchman to search for the prisoner; he went into a back cellar and brought up Parsons; we then secured the property, and took it to the watch-house with Thomas Jackson and Parsons.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you any private mark on it? A. No; but I weighed them out and in; I could tell my own goods if they were down in Yorkshire - I had perhaps five or six tons of them - there was some rubbish in the shop; I saw one pig's head there - I never saw the prisoner before; I have no doubt but this bill of parcel is mine (looking at it), and no doubt he bought these goods and paid for them - he might have come when I was out; this bill is dated October, 1828 - it is the writing of one of my people in Rose-street, where I have another warehouse; I do not know that Jacksons are mother and son - Parsons came alone for the things.
COURT. Q. You do not mean to insinuate that theothers were outside the shop at the time? A. I did not see them - there were shop windows to the house in Bainbridge-street, but I did not notice any name over the door - it was dark.


                  PETER 
                  JEFFERYS
               



            . I lodge in the house in Bainbridge-street, St. Giles'. I know the three prisoners; Parson's lives there; on the night that Mr. Brown's lads brought the hams and bacon I was in their back kitchen; the two Jacksons were at home and took them in - they were at first placed on a bench in the back kitchen; Mrs. Jackson and the boy removed them into the cellar, I saw them do it - that was after Parsons went away with the two boys - it was about a quarter past nine o'clock.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it not you that put the hams and bacon into the cellar? A. No; I would not do such a thing for the world - there was nothing else in the cellar; I lodge there but my wife does not, she is in prison; I never was in prison - I never said to any one that I had been transported for seven years - I never told any of the prisoners so; I have been twenty-three years in this country, and get my living by selling fruit - I was not taken up with my wife; I was not living with her when she was taken up - she has been in prison about three months.


                  GEORGE 
                  SADLER
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brown
               



            . On the 24th of July Parsons came to his shop, and in consequence of my master's directions I went with my brother and Parsons - we took the bacon and ham to a house in Bainbridge-street; Parsons assisted in laying it on a bench - Parsons then called for a light; Thomas Jackson brought one - Mr. Brown had told us, in his hearing, not to leave the goods without the money; when we had put down the goods, Parsons told us to come with him - when we got outside the door he said he wanted some cheese, and he would go to Mr. Brown's for one; when we got part of the way he said it was too late to go that night, if one of us would return he would pay - I returned with him, and my brother followed behind; when we got back to Bainbridge-street, Parsons told me to go into the room where we had delivered the bacon and hams, and he would bring me the money - the bacon and hams were not there then; I waited three or four minutes, and then a woman, not this prisoner, came and asked if I was waiting for Mr. Parsons - I said Yes; she said I need not wait, he was gone down to pay my master- I said I should wait three or four minutes to see if he came back; she then went out of the room - I went to the door and told my brother, and sent him for Mr. Brown, who came shortly and gave me charge of the boy Jackson, whom he brought into the room to me - I had only seen him at the time he brought the light.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was not he acting as a servant? A. He brought the light; I saw Margaret Jackson standing in the house when I was going to take the bacon to the watch-house - Parsons did not say that he had only 4l. 10s. in the house, but he would go and get the difference; I did not notice whether there was any counter or any articles in the shop.


                  STEPHEN 
                  SADLER
               



            . What my brother has stated is correct - the first I saw of 
               
                  Margaret 
                  Jackson
               



             was when we were going to the watch-house.


                  CHARLES 
                  BANNIS
               



            . I am a watchman of Bloomsbury. I know the house in Bainbridge-street; this time twelve months Mr. Jackson lived there, the husband of this woman, and the father of this boy - Parsons married Jackson's daughter, and came to live there - Jackson and his wife were indicted by the parish and went to prison; I heard the rattle spring, went, and met Mr. Brown, who told me what he wanted and said he should search the house - I heard him ask this boy where the bacon was; he said he knew nothing about it, that it was not in the house - I heard Mr. Brown ask this woman, and she said the same; she reached him the keys, and said he might search every room in the house - I told him to come in with me, I knew where it was if it was in the house, and I showed him the trap door in the back parlour - I lent Mr. Brown my light, then went down, and found the bacon and hams under my feet; the lad came down - I went to another part of the cellar and found Parsons there doing nothing; I asked him whether he stole the bacon - he said he bought the bacon, and did not care any thing about Mr. Brown.
Cross-examined. Q. You asked him whether he stole it, and he said he bought it? A. Yes; I asked him if he paid for it; he said he had not - I did not see this woman in prison; I was not at the marriage of Parsons and Jackson's daughter - I was watchman of that beat.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you known Parsons and Jackson's daughter to live together as husband and wife? A. Yes; Jackson was tried for keeping five or six bad houses, and that house was one - she had six months' imprisonment: Parsons came there while they were in prison.
MR. BROWN re-examined. Q. Can you form any idea of the value of the articles in the shop? A. I suppose there were not more than 2l. worth of goods - I saw some small bits of bacon and some other little things.


                  STEPHEN 
                  SADLER
               



            . From the time Parsons' came to the house to their going to the watch-house, I suppose an hour elapsed - they went to the watch-house about ten o'clock.


                  GEORGE 
                  SADLER
               



             re-examined. Q. What time elapsed between Mr. Parsons' desiring you to go with him, and he would pay Mr. Brown, and your coming back and finding the bacon gone from the bench? A. I suppose about twenty minutes; we walked down a few streets, and stopped talking I suppose for five minutes.
Parsons' Defence, I told him to wait five minutes while I went to borrow 10s.; I went to a neighbour in the same line in the next street to borrow 10s. - when I came back he was gone: I said, "Is he gone?" this woman said, "Yes, he did not wait half a moment;" I said, "I suppose he won't come back to-night?" and directly Mr. Brown, with a lot of watchmen, came and broke open our doors.
PARSONS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
M. JACKSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
THOS. JACKSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Whipped
             and Discharged.
