






999. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HAWKINS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of July
, one 10 l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Cooper
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  COOPER
               



            . I was a gentleman's gardener
, and live in Devonshire mews, Portland-place. On Friday the 6th of July, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was looking at a boot-shop, in Middle-row, Holborn; Turner came up and entered into conversation with me; he represented himself as a cattle-dealer from the country. We walked together into Southampton-buildings, went into the Blue Posts, public-house


, and had a room to ourselves. In a few moments Hawkins came in, and sat himself down by my side, and called himself a tradesman from the country - he said he had been poorly, and came to London for advice, and was going back next morning. Soon after, in came a third, with a glass of liquor, and sat on the other side of the room. We three were at one table. Hawkins and the third man began laying bets, and in about a minute, the third man said we were all poor fellows - the prisoners appeared angry at that, and asked what he would bet that we could not shew 10 l. a-piece - he said he would bet us each 1 l. Hawkins then asked if I could produce 10 l. - I said I had no money about me, but I had 10 l. at home, and both the prisoners said they had not got it, but could go home and fetch it in the course of two hours. We all went out to fetch our notes, and were to meet directly. I went home and got a 10 l. Bank note, and put the number on a piece of paper. I returned to the Blue Posts, public-house, in about an hour and a quarter, and found them all three in the tap-room. They came into the same room to me. The prisoners shewed their 10 l. notes - I do not know whether they were notes, they only shewed them in their hands. I then produced mine in my hand, and put it in my pocket again. The man said he had lost his bet, but never offered to pay. Hawkins and him betted double or quit with all three of us - I did not understand what it was about; we lost it. A 10 l. note was to be put down to bind the bet. I put my 10 l. note into a hat with theirs, as they proposed it to bind the bet. They sent for a dictionary to decide the bet, and said I had lost it. I said I had only lost the double or quit - I never meant to bet the 10 l. note. I caught hold of the hat, to take my note out - I took a piece of newspaper out of it, which I thought was my note till I opened it. I then asked for my 10 l. note - they said if I gave up the hat I should have the 10 l. I did so - they then all said I should have 5 l., and all run away together. I stopped them all in the passage for a few minutes, to prevent them getting out, and called the landlord - nobody came; a man said hewould fetch a constable, but none came; and seeing I could get no assistance, I ran over to the next public-house for assistance, and, in the meantime, all ran away. I went with a constable, and found the prisoners about two hundred yards off, in a court, and am sure they are the men; the third man was gone.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Have I not seen you here before - A. Never. I had been in the City, to enquire for a situation. I did not intend to gamble - if I had won, I should not have taken it. I did not give them the note to get change. I had received it from Mr. Graves of the Strand. I think I should know the third man if he was dressed as he was then. I asked nobody to get change. I am a Scotchman.


                  CHARLES 
                  DIXON
               



            . I belong to the watch-house. On the 6th of July, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was at my second floor window, in Northumberland-court, Southampton-buildings; and heard some boys cry out,
"This is no thoroughfare." In a few minutes, I came down, the prisoners were then at the top of the court, and Ashness had hold of them; Cooper was there - I took them to Hatton-garden, I had one in each hand - Hawkins turned round for a necessary purpose, and I saw a piece of paper drop from him; Alseft picked it up, opened it, and said it was a 10 l. note.


                  RICHARD 
                  ASHNESS
               



            . I am a constable. I was at the Grotto, opposite the Blue-posts, public-house, I was called and found Cooper at the corner looking down the buildings after the men, and found the prisoners in Northumberland-court; he said, they were the two who had his 10 l. note - Alseft came up, and we secured them, they said they had won it fairly, I gave them to Dixon, and went after the third man.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say he parted with it to get change - A. No; the prisoners said so, but he always denied it, they said one Jones went for change.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ALSEFT
               



            . I came up and found Dixon holding the prisoners; Hawkins turned round for a necessary purpose, and was some time there; Dixon said,
"Pick up that," I picked up a 10 l. note, close to him, it must have dropped from him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I searched the prisoners at the office. On Hawkins I found a pocket-book containing some papers, and a twopenny flash note, I found no money or Bank notes on either of them.
HAWKINS'S Defence. I deny having the note or dropping it; the prosecutor agreed at the first examination that he was with a set of sharps, and had agreed to take 5 l.; and a young man took the note to two houses for change, but could not get it.
TURNER'S Defence. I wish the people to be called from the Blue-posts and Three-tuns public-houses, as I understand the note was offered there for change; I saw Cooper looking at some forged notes which were stuck in a window, he said he was Scotch, I said. I came from Hertfordshire - I was the last that left the house, and did not run away, I fell on my knees, and begged the man to restore the note.
HAWKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.
TURNER. - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 49.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
