





Before Lord Chief Justice Abbott.
495. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of April
, a watch, value 3 l.; a seal, value 6 l., and two keys, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas Welch 
                           Whittard
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WELCH WHITTARD
               



            . On the 5th of April, I went with my cousin Charles, to the White Horse stable yard, in Holborn


 - the prisoner came in after us; he asked if we could tell him where the coach office was; I said, No, and asked him which was the house door; he said he could not tell, and immediately snatched my watch out, and ran up the yard, and across Holborn into Turnstile - my cousin pursued him.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You never saw him before - A. No. I am certain of him; he had corderoy breeches and a blue coat on. I saw that before he robbed me.


                  CHARLES 
                  WHITTARD
               



            . I went into the inn-yard with my cousin. The prisoner came and asked for the coach-office; I said I did not know where it was, and asked him if he knew where the door was; he said
"No." My cousin said,
"Charles, he has got my watch." I pursued him, and caught him at the corner of Turnstile. I am certain of him.


                  GEORGE 
                  HEATH
               



            . I was at the corner of Turnstile. I saw Mr. Whittard take the prisoner; there was something in his hand, which he threw down; I could not see what it was. Tyndal picked it up.



                  GEORGE 
                  TYNDAL
               



            . I picked up the watch. I saw the prisoner throw it down.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
