





1338. 
               
                  BRIDGET 
                  MAHAGAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of April
, 1 bonnet, value 10s.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 1 pair of stays, value 1s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d.; 2 caps, value 2s.; 1 thimble, value 6d.; 1 pair of scissars, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 crown, and 2 shillings, the goods of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Cane
                     



                  ; 1 gown, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Lines
                     



                  ; 1 pair of shoes, value 4s.; 9 books, value 10s., and 1 wine-glass, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Anthony 
                        Logan
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Andrews
                     



.
MARY CANE. I am servant
 to a green-grocer, and sleep at Anthony Logan's - the prisoner came there one Monday to lodge - I found her there when I came home - we slept together - she used to go out at four o'clock every morning - she said she was in the milk-trade. On Sunday morning I missed a silk handkerchief and several other things from my box - she had then gone out, and did not return till she was apprehended - she then gave me my silk handkerchief.
ANTHONY LOGAN. I live in this house which is in Angel-court, King-street, Westminster


 - Elizabeth Andrews keeps the house, and lives two doors off - the prisoner came to lodge there on the 3d of April, and went away on the 8th - I found her that day in Cato-street, with some of the property, and she had my wife's stays on.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am an officer, and took her in charge - she told me where the things were pawned, and the pawnbrokers gave them up to me - the bonnet was on her head.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Cane asked me to pawn the shift.
MARY CANE. I never asked her to pawn any thing.
GUILTY. Aged 21.
Of 


               stealing, but not in a dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
