





776. 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  M'CARTHY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Henry 
                        D'Esterre
                     




                  , on the King's highway, on the 28th of June
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch, value 5 l.; one piece of ribband, value 6 d.; two seals, value 2 l.; one ring, value 1 s., and one key, value 2 s., his property
            .
HENRY D'ESTERRE, Esq. I live at Limerick, in Ireland. In June, I was at Long's hotel, Bond-street. On the 28th, about half past nine at night, I was in the Strand, near Round-court


, going towards Charing-cross; and exactly opposite Round-court, the prisoner shot quickly before me, and snatched my watch immediately from my fob, and ran up the court, I immediately called stop thief, and kept my eye on him. Duncan put his hand on him, but he passed him, and kept close to him; he called stop thief himself, as many people got about him; I said No, that is the thief; he had not run twenty yards before he was stopped. I never lost sight of him, he was surrounded by a number of people, I saw the watch picked up at his feet, the seals were taken off, they were produced at the watch-house, I did not actually see the watch picked up, but I saw Duncan's hand rise with it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  DUNCAN
               



            . I am a broker. I was sitting at my door, at the corner of Round-court, and heard the prosecutor cry Stop thief! - I turned, saw a man running towards me, and attempted to stop him, but he cried Stop thief also, and I let him pass. The prosecutor said
"Stop him! the villain has got my watch. He had not gone above four or five steps before he was secured by some women, and I laid hold of him again. A crowd came round, and I with many more, attempted to search him. In the act of searching him I felt the watch in a hand - it was as close to him as possible, and might have been his hand, but I cannot say, there was such confusion. I got fast hold of it, and on going to the watch-house a neighbour, Mr. Haynes, said, he had got the seals.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAYNES
               



            . I live in Round-court. I heard the cry of Stop thief! went up and saw the prisoner running, and laid hold of one of them - I cannot say it was the prisoner, it was like him. A number of persons came round and laid hold of him. As soon as their arms were extended to lay hold of him, I put my arm under theirs, and saw the seals hanging down his left thigh - I seized them, and endeavoured to draw them, he made a bob, the ribbon broke, and I got the seals.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I belong to the Grenadier Guards. I was sitting at a door in New Round-court, where I am quartered, and saw the prisoner run up the court - I am certain it was him; he was pursued by some men. One made a catch at him; he cried out Stop thief! and he lethim go. The prosecutor said,
"That is the thief!" I caught him, and saw the seals hanging from his trowsers; some one snatched at them and they came off. I held him till he was taken to the watch-house.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
Of stealing from the person only.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
