





1986. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  COTMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of August
, 1 seal, value 2s., and 1 watch-key, value 1s. the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Molloy
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS MOLLOY. I am a pilot
, and live in the trinityalm's-houses, Mile-end. On the 31st of August, about the middle of the day, I was walking behind Bonner's houses, Bethnal-green


, being ill; two men suddenly rushed upon me, one on each side - the one on the right snatched at my watch - the ribbon broke, and he got the seal and key; I do not know them - they were gone in an instant - I have not found the property.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Have you ever said that five or six persons were near you? A. I only saw these two - they came as if from a corner - it happened in a field.


                  JAMES 
                  PURSER
               



            . I was in Bonner's-fields, between eleven and twelve o'clock that morning - I saw the prisoner there, and five others, crossing the field on the north of Bethnalgreen; I saw them changing their clothes - the prisoner and two others ran round a building to meet the prosecutor, who was walking there; I met an officer, and told him - he went home and got his staff; I had seen the prisoner before - he is a tripe-man, and lives in Brick-lane - after he had committed the robbery (as I suppose) I saw them all run to the brick-kiln.


                  GEORGE 
                  HALL
               



            . I was at the Greyhound, Bethal-green, on the 31st of August; I saw the prisoner, and watched him across the fields; I saw him and three others pull off their clothes, and change them; I then saw them go round the house, as if to meet the prosecutor; I followed, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I saw them all run to the back of a brick-kiln, and there they exchanged clothes again - one man pulled off a pepper and salt jacket, and gave it to the prisoner; the prosecutor was not two minutes out of my sight.
Cross-examined. Q. How long after they passed the Greybound did you see them change their clothes? A. It might be ten minutes; I am sure of the prisoner; I have known him some time.


                  RICHARD 
                  COLLEY
               



            . I saw the prosecutor in the field, as I was going out of my yard; I saw three men following me - when I got farther, I saw them before me - one of them had a pepper and salt dress; I cannot say that was the prisoner, but I saw that man make a push at the prosecutor's fob, and then heard a cry of Stop thief!
Cross-examined. Q. You saw a man in a grey jacket make a push? A. Yes - the prosecutor is near-sighted, and had a shade on his eye; I saw nobody in a blue or green jacket.
COURT. Q. How far were the other two from the man who made the attack? A. Only a few yards - they ran by me together; I saw them together afterwards - one said to the other, "Come along, come along;" I do not know them.
The prisoner received a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
