





618. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ABSOLAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 8th of April
, one scarf, value 8 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Daniel William 
                     Saunders
                  




               
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  WILLIAM SAUNDERS
               



            . I am a fish-monger
, and live in Tottenham Court-road


; this scarf was in my bed-room. On Monday the 8th of April, at five o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came and had three pennyworth of oysters, and asked the price of some salmon, and said he would have it, he went up to the oyster-room, which was next to the bed-room, to eat it; my girl gave me information; I went up and found him in the bed-room with the scarf in his pocket; the bed-room door was shut, but not locked.


                  ANN 
                  CARRICK
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Saunder's; I heard footsteps in the bed-room - ran up and saw the prisoner there - I informed my master.


                  HANNAH 
                  MOTE
               



            . I lodge in the house; I was alarmed about five o'clock by the servants screaming; I immediately ran down stairs and saw Mr. Saunders and the prisoner in the bed-room, struggling together.


                  HENRY 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I am a constable; I was fetched to the prisoner; he said he did not care for any officer; I searched him, and found a sovereign and 10 s. 9 d. on him, and a wax taper; he resisted all he could; I found every drawer in the room had been opened, and a handkerchief on the bed which he claimed.
Prisoner's Defence. The handkerchief is not mine - I was never in the room.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
