





359. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  MORGAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of January
, nine live tame fowls, price 20 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Brewin
               




            .
FRANCIS BREWIN. I live at the Rectory-house, Parson's Green, Fulham


. On returning home, about half-past one o'clock on the morning of the 13th of January, I was told by my brother that some fowls were missing. I went to look, and found nine were gone. I cannot say when I had seen them all together. Suspecting persons were in the lane, I took a different route. Hearing some voices, I returned, and placed two patrols at the end of the lane. The prisoner and another were together. I secured theprisoner myself, with two of the fowls hanging on his shoulder - they were quite warm. I gave him to the patrol, but he got away from him.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOUNSEL
               



            . I am a patrol. Last Thursday morning, at half-past one o'clock, I met Brewin - he told me if I should see any persons to stop them. He returned and told me some persons were in the lane, and to stand at the corner and he would go down and meet them. He went down and met the prisoner, and secured him. I tried to stop the other, but could not.


                  ISAAC 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner escaped from the patrols, and I took him next day.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  STAPLES
               



            . I am a patrol. I have known the prisoner some time. Here is one of the fowls.
(Fowl produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence, I was going to my brother's. I saw these fowls in the lane - I picked them up, and at the top of the lane the gentleman and two patrols came and collared me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
