






1142. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HOWITT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, 1 pair of stays, value 6s., and 8 yards of lace, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Pike
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PIKE
               



            . I keep a hosier's shop
, at Islington


. On the 15th of April I was in the parlour behind the shop- the two prisoners came in between eight and nine o'clock: the lad rang the bell, and said they wanted stays, which it is customary for a female to show - I went and saw them near the counter; I saw Sullivan take something off the counter - I went behind them, and saw something under each of their arms, but could not see what it was; a customer came in, whom I told my lad to attend to, and I would attend to the prisoners - they then asked for some caps, which I showed them; they did not like them, but said they would call another day - when they had left the shop I missed some lace, and sent the boy after them; he brought back Sullivan, and I told her what I suspected; she said I was wrong - she had done nothing: I sent my lad for Howitt - she came back, and I charged her with it- while I was talking with her she dropped a card of lace into a chair; I sent for an officer: before he came Sullivan begged me to forgive them - I said I could not, and took them into the room; when the officer came he found a pair of stays in Howitt's hand, and two pairs of French gloves, which they said they had bought in the City; the stays were not mine - they belonged to a person named Lee; the lace was mine.


                  JOHN 
                  WARD
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's service. I was in the shop. but did not see the prisoners take any thing; my master ordered me to go after them - I brought back Sullivan, and then the other; I did not see the lace fall.


                  JOHN 
                  WYLES
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner-Sullivan said to Howitt, "For God's sake, don't bring me into it - you know I know nothing about it."
SULLIVAN'S Defence. I am innocent.
Prisoner HOWITT. She is innocent, and it is my first offence.
SULLIVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
HOWITT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
