





511. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WATSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of February
, one plumb ball, value 3 d.; one plumb line, value 3 d.; one reel, value 6 d.; one mallet, value 18 d., and one plane, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Hall
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a carpenter
. On the 6th of February, these things were at No. 22, Bryanstone-square


. I was working there, and left all the tools there at six o'clock. I returned at day-light, and missed them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAY
               



            . I am an officer. On Wednesday I went to Lisson-street, where the prisoner was at work, at a carpenter's and found a quantity of tools concealed under shavings. I brought them away, and went to his house and found a quantity of other tools - he had been taken in custody before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am a watchman of Montague-place, Bryanstone-square. About half-past six o'clock at night, a private watchman called me - he had got the prisoner by the collar - we took him in charge, and found these tools on him - he wanted to make away with them; he dropped them in a corner of the yard.


                  ROBERT 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a private watchman of Bryanstone-square. I took the prisoner about half-past six o'clock, on the 6th of February, getting over the rails of No. 22, with the tools. I asked what business he had there - he said he was going to pack his tools up, as he had a job to do. Next morning he offered me one pound and a half-crown to let him go. Hall claimed the tools.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I got over for a necessary purpose, and saw these things by the gate.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
