





1207. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HARGRAVE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Aaron 
                           Holloway
                        




                     
                  , on the King's highway, on the 9th of August
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, two seals, value 20 s.; one key, value 9 s., and one chain, value 1 s.
            , his property.


                  AARON 
                  HOLLOWAY
               



            . I am a gentleman's servant
. I lived last with Mr. Essex, and am now out of place. I was in Strutton-ground


 at the corner of Pear-street, coming out of a cook-shop, about a quarter past one o'clock in the night. The prisoner came up, and gave me a gentle tap with his left had, and snatched at my watch - the chain broke, and he got off with it, and the seals. I pursued him, and by Perkin's-rents he escaped. On the 13th, I saw him at Queen-square, and am sure of him - I was perfectly sober. I had been to the play, and went into the shop to have some soup.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COGGINS
               



            . I am a shoemaker. On the 9th of August, I was with Holloway, and saw the prisoner rob him. I had seen him before that night, but never to converse with him. I saw him hit the prosecutor on the breast, and snatch the seals. I was about three yards off, and am certain of him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEDGES
               



            . I am a gentleman's servant out of place. I lived last with 
               
                  Charles 
                  Cortel
               



            , Esq. I was with the prosecutor on the 9th of August; I had been to the play with him. I saw the prisoner put his hand on the prosecutor's breast, and snatch the seals with his right hand - he snatched with violence, but did not strike with violence. We pursued him, but he got off. I never saw him before; he was in custody on the 13th. I am sure of him; it happened under a lamp.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am a patrol. I and Shields apprehended the prisoner on the 12th, and found twelve shillings on him.
Prisoner's Defence. On Thursday night I was at home by ten o'clock, and in bed by eleven. On the Monday following, I went to the One Tun, public-house, and was taken by Scott, who said it was for taking a whittle from a woman; he let me go out two or three times, so that I could have escaped.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I let him go out, not expecting he would run, as I could have taken him very shortly; he was not out of my sight.
GUILTY. Aged 24.
Of 


               stealing from the person, but not with force or violence
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Best.
