






1228. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TRAY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of August
, a handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Vickers
                        




                     
                   from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  VICKERS
               



            . I live in - square, City-road. On the 8th of August, about ten o'clock in the morning, I was walking towards Finsbury-square, and at the corner of Short-street, Moorfields


, a gentleman came up and said two men had picked my pocket. I immediately felt and missed my handkerchief, and saw the prisoners going down Short-street together, in company. I quickened my pace, and followed them; they saw me and ran up a stable-yard opposite I called Stop thief! - several people followed; they went round a court, and I thought they were gone; but I found they had been secured by the officer, who produced my handkerchief. I am sure they are the men who ran away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRADING
               



            . I am servant to Messrs. Hogarthand Co. I was on the right hand of Finsbury-place, South, and saw the prisoners attempting to pick the prosecutor's pocket. I crossed, and watched them; they pulled open his right hand pocket, and seeing a handkerchief, they still followed him, and at the corner of Short-street, they pulled the handkerchief out - a gentleman told him of it; he pursued - I followed him; they ran up the stable-yard, and about ten yards up the yard, I saw the handkerchief laying down. I went round a court and met them coming round and took them. I am sure they are the men. Tray is the one who took the handkerchief - the other was close to him.


                  THOMAS 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . I was standing in my house, heard a cry of Stop thief! came to the door, and saw the prisoners run by my door; there was a turning on one side which leads to the place where they were stopped. I never lost sight of them till I secured Norris and saw Tray taken.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
TRAY'S Defence. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and was directed up the horse-road, and at the bottom of the place several people seized me, and said I was the thief, and the man behind me an accomplice; we were taken to a public-house, and in five minutes the witness brought the handkerchief.
TRAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
NORRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Life
            .
