





1217. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of March
, 1 shawl, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Mary Ann 
                        Connolly
                     



                  , and 1 sovereign
            , the money of 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Bennett
               



            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN CONNOLLY
               



            . I am single
, and live in Broad-court, Bow-street


; my landlady's sister hired the prisoner as a servant
. I had been out one evening in March, and left my shawl on the sofa, when I went to tea, between six and seven o'clock; I afterwards missed that, and some other things - this is the shawl.


                  MARY 
                  ANN INGRAV
               



            . I live at No. 13, West-street - the prisoner came to lodge there just before Good Friday. On Good Friday my sister came and asked me to go and help her wash; the prisoner was present, and began crying; I asked what she was crying for; she made no answer - I asked her if she would go with me; she said Yes, if I would lend her my shawl, and take hers, which I did; we went on to Drury-lane, and met a witness, who came up, and wanted to take the shawl off my shoulders, but I would not let her: she asked if I would go with her; I said Yes: and when I got there, I found the prisoner in the kitchen, accused of the robbery - she did not say any thing.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I live in Broad-court. I remember the evening when the shawl was lost; I missed a sovereign the next morning, which had been in the same room as the shawl - it was locked in a work-box, but the key was in it; I had seen it the night before the prisoner left.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I took the prisoner. I asked her what she had done with some other things which were missed; she said she had pawned them, but could not recollect where; this shawl was given me in the house - she said she bad spent the sovereign, but did not say how she got it.


                  ANN 
                  HINSLEY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Hinsley
               



             - my sister is landlady of the house in Broad-court. I know this shawl; Mrs. Connolly gave my sister 1l. 15s. for it - on Good Friday morning I met the prisoner, and took her home, and soon after I met Ingray, with the shawl on her back; the prisoner said, "For God's sake don't take me home" - she said she bought victuals with the sovereign. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
