






459. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GOLD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BRAGG
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of February
, one handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Swindell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SWINDELL
               



            . I am a wine merchant
, and live in King-street, St. James's-square. On the 5th of February, about twelve o'clock, I was standing under the Colonade, Pall Mall


, to see His Majesty pass to the House of Lords; I felt my handkerchief safe, and in less than half an hour, a person said it was stolen; I felt and missed it - I looked round, and the prisoners were in custody, and my handkerchief produced. I had observed them near me.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLASSBOROW
               



            . I am a constable. I was near the Colonade, with Webb, and saw Mr. Swindell with a gentleman - I saw both the prisoners going backwards and forwards, I watched, and saw them close behind Mr. Swindell, for five minutes; then saw one of them draw a handkerchief from one of the gentlemen's pockets, but could not distinguish which. Bragg got away a few yards; I secured him, and saw Gold drop the handkerchief - Henry took him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am watch-house keeper of St. James's. I saw the prisoners close to Mr. Swindell, for four or five minutes; I saw the handkerchief drop from one of them, but cannot say which.


                  JAMES 
                  HENRY
               



            . I am a groom out of place. I saw the prisoners standing close behind Swindell - Gold dropped the handkerchief, and I immediately took him. Mason picked it up, and gave it to Glassborow.
BRAGG'S Defence. I had left Gold two minutes. The gentleman said he might have dropped it.
MR. SWINDELL. I said no such thing.
GOLD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
BRAGG - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
