





568. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ALEXANDER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of January
, 1 bag, value 1s., and 2 cwt. of sugar, there were value 5l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Dale
               




            .
JOHN DALE. I am a master carman
. On the 4th of January, I received an order from Mr. Henry Smith to get twenty-four bags of sugar from the West India Docks; I sent my man with a cart for them, and when he came home but twenty-three bags.


                  ROBERT 
                  TYRRELL
               



            . I am an officer. About half-past five o'clock in the evening of the 4th of January, I stopped the prisoner in Goulstone-street, Whitechapel, with this bag full of sugar on his shoulder; I asked where he was going; he said to a grocer's-shop round the corner, and a man at the end had given him 6d. to carry it; I said he must go with me to that man; as we went back he dropped the sugar, and said he would carry it no further: I took him to the end of the street - there was no man there; I again asked who he got it from, and he asked if I had not met a man just before him, carrying a hat; I said I had: he then said that man had employed him, and he was to have 6d. for it, and that he had helped him out of the cart with it - that man was then gone.


                  ROBERT 
                  SKILLERN
               



            . I came up just afterwards, and saw the prisoner, and Tyrrell standing by him; I told him to take the prisoner, and I took charge of the sugar - this is the bag it was in; the sugar was given up to Mr. Smith, by the Magistrate's order.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was employed by Mr. Dale to go to the docks, and receive the sugar; I do not know how many bags I received - I did not count them; I drove along Whitechapel - I cannot say what time I was there, but I think I got over to Tooley-street soon after half-past five o'clock; we are sometimes stopped in our journey - it rained very fast - the bags were covered over; I did not take much notice of them.


                  HENRY 
                  FENNEY
               



            . I am a delivery-foreman at the West India Docks. I delivered to Thomas Smith, on the 4th of January, about half-past four o'clock, twenty-four bags of Mauritius sugar, in bags of this description - they were marked "S. and W. C. M.," numbers from 217 to 240; we have a great number of such bags in our warehouse; there appears to be the remains of an ink-mark on this bag, but it was a very wet day indeed - I believe this to be one of the bags.


                  HENRY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am the proprietor of the sugar. I gave the order for its being fetched: I had bought the lot No. 195, which was twenty-four bags; I was at my warehouse when the cart came, and the man brought but twenty-three bags instead of twenty-four; there were no ink-marks on them then, for the sugar destroys the ink-marks on a wet day; we weighed the twenty-three bags, and found 2 cwt. deficient; we cannot compare the sugars, for they are of different shades - there is nothing beyond the number and weight that we can judge by.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming out of a house, when a man asked me to carry this load of sugar to a grocer's-shop at the bottom of the street; he went on first with my hat; the officer came and stopped me, and told me to carry it back - I could not carry it back very well, and I put it down.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
