





822. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  ROBINSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of March
, eight shirts, value 2 l.; thirteen handkerchiefs, value 15 s.; seven waistcoats, value 1 l.; a pair of breeches, value 3 s.; four collars, value 4 s.; five books, value 2 l.; two razors, value 2 s.; two pairs of trowsers, value 7 s.; and a book, value 1 l.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  Mary Ann 
                  Edwards
               




            , spinster
.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I live at Kingston, and am a carrier from thence to London. Mary Ann Edwards, is a teacher of music
 and lives at Kingston, but is too ill to attend; I received these goods from her in a large chest to be taken to Sandy End Fulham; I put it behind the cart, tied it with a cord and put a chain over it; I brought it safe to London, and did not miss it till I got to Castle-street, Long acre


; I then found the cord had been cut, and the trunk lifted off - I was sitting on the front of the cart, and had not observed any person near; I had a parcel to call for, and then missed the box - it was directed for
"Mr. Fletcher, Sandy End Fulham;" I saw it on the following Monday, at Hatton Garden - the direction was then torn off; the prisoner was then in custody - I am quite sure itwas the box that was given to me, the contents were all in it as described in the indictment; the officers had opened the box with a key - I afterwards saw Miss Edwards at the office, she claimed it and the contents.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I am a constable of Islington. I was in Great Queen-street with Reynolds, between seven and eight o'clock, on Tuesday, the 27th of March, it was nearly dark - I observed the prisoner and two others going very quick along the pavement, and I saw the errand cart just entering the end of Long acre; in Drury Lane; I saw the prisoner cross the end of the cart several times, he appeared to be cutting a rope, and then crossed to the opposite side of the road; on one occasion, I saw a piece of rope fly on one side - I was about sixty or seventy yards from them; the cart then turned down Mercer-street towards Seven Dials, they followed - it then turned down Castle-street; the box was then loose - I saw them lift it up as if to try if it was fast; this was before the cart had stopped; Castle-street, is a dark street; I heard them whistle; they made a stand - we went round Seven Dials and met them again - one was walking at each end of the box, carrying it between them, and the third was on the opposite side of the way; we let them go on till they got into a street opposite the Seven Dials; I then went up to the person who was carrying the box with the prisoner, and asked him what he was doing with it - he stepped back directly, and struck me a violent blow in the mouth; we struggled for about five minutes - I kept hold of him as long as I could, but he got from me in consequence of the violence I met with - I took care of the box as well as I could, and then got it into a shop - from thence I took it to the office where it was claimed by Miss Edwards, who I believe is now dying; Reynolds seized the prisoner, the third person instantly came to try to rescue him; I saw him strike Reynolds on the side of the head to try to get the prisoner away, but we at length pushed the prisoner into the shop where the box was and secured him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me make any resistance? A. Certainly I did, it required some force to get you into the shop.


                  JOHN 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am an officer of Clerkenwell. I was in Great Queen-street, with Colton, on the 22d of March. We saw the prisoner and two others following the cart; I saw the box behind the cart, but could not tell whether it was tied then or not; I saw the prisoner cross against the back of the cart and draw something across it - I could not distinguish what; one of them then crossed the cart, and lifted up the box to see if it was loose, but did not take it away; the cart turned down Mercer-street, and then my partner and I were close behind it, and saw that the rope had been cut - it was hanging down; the cart went on to Castle-street, where the carman stopped at an ironmonger's shop; the three persons gave a whistle and all came to the left side of the cart farthest from the shop. We passed the prisoner and his companions; we went round St. Andrew's-street and then returned; we met the prisoner and another carrying the box, the third person was walking on the other side; we followed them a little distance in hopes of getting some assistance: when we got to the Seven Dials we went over and asked what they had got; I laid hold of the prisoner, and Colton took the other, who was carrying the box; the third one crossed over in my direction, and struck me a violent blow in the mouth: I still kept hold of the prisoner, and he struck me on the right eye, the third person still continuing to strike me: I knocked the prisoner down and fell on him - the third person then got away: I kept hold of the prisoner and would not let him go: another person came up and we got him into a baker's shop: the box was brought over by Colton and the other person: the prisoner was taken to the watch-house; the box was taken to Hatton-garden and opened by the chief officer - it was claimed by the carrier and by the young lady.
PRISONER. Q. Were you walking with Colton, and coming down Long-acre? A. Yes; it was dark but the streets were lighted with gas. You appeared to be cutting a rope when in Long-acre.

WM. FRICKER
            . I am a broker and live at Kingston. I am uncle to Mary Ann Edwards - she is now very ill. I know the trunk; I assisted in putting it into the cart - I packed part of the property in it, and delivered it to the errand cart: the shirts were some she had made for her brother, who was going abroad; I directed it to be left at Mr. Fletcher's, Grove House, Sandy end, Fulham: I saw it at the office on the 23d of March - the direction had been torn off it.


                  THOMAS 
                  FOXALL
               



            . I am a watchman. I was going to my beat in the Seven Dials, and saw a great mob - I went up and saw Colton, the officer, with his face and his handkerchief covered with blood - the prisoner was then in custody: I took him to the watch-house - he went quietly with me: I saw the trunk in Mr. Gray's (a baker) shop - I saw some blood upon Reynolds.
Prisoner's Defence (written). I was going to the Sans Pareil Theatre, and in Great St. Andrew's-street, I saw two men put a box down as if to rest, and in a moment heard a cry of Stop thief! two men ran across and secured one of them; the other stumbled; the officer then turned round and secured me, saying that I was one of them: he struck me on the head, and stunned me. (The prisoner concluded by solemnly appealing to the Almighty declaring his innocence).



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
