





Before Mr. Justice Park.
1835. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  LINHAM
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of September
, 75 yards of ribbon, value 2l. 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Davies
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  LEWIS 
                  PHILIPS
               



            . I am shopman to William Davies, a haberdasher
, of Chiswell-street


. On the 23d of September, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner in the shop, near the door - there were a great many customers; she asked for ribbons, and I showed her a drawer - she asked to see more, and I showed her another drawer; she bought three yards, at 6d, and before she left the shop I missed some from that drawer; I said nothing. She went two or three yards from the door; I went after her, and said I thought she had some ribbons; she said she had nothing but a piece of pork in her apron - I brought her back, took hold of her apron, three lengths of ribbon fell down, and two more dropped from her - they are worth 45s.


                  HENRY 
                  CUTTER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Davies. Phillips brought the prisoner back - I saw a length of ribbon fall from her, which I took up; she was taken further up the shop, and another fell from her; five lengths were found in all.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went into the shop after buying a loin of pork, and bought three yards of ribbon, which I put into my basket - I set my basket on the counter, and when I came away he tapped me on my shoulder, and brought me back; there was nothing in my apron but the loin of pork.
GUILTY. Aged 29.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
