





1991. 
               
                  MARY ANN 
                  LEWIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
, 1 crown-piece, 3 half-crowns, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        Jacob 
                        Evanson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JACOB EYANSON. I am a sailor
, and work in the West India-docks. On Sunday morning, the 24th of September, at four o'clock, I was going home, met the prisoner, and went with her to a house in Wentworth-street


 - I took out a green flannel purse from my trousers, with 16s. in it, and gave her one - I never saw her before: I returned my purse to my right-hand trousers pocket; I found she was rubbing me down: I told her to be quiet; she turned round, and gave three knocks at the door; another young woman came up, and asked me to pay for the room; I said I had paid for it; the prisoner then absconded; I felt my pocket, and said I was robbed; I went down, found two watchmen, and told them I was robbed; one of them searched the house, but could not find her; I was sober; the money was found on her at the watch-house soon after; but I had no marks on it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you married? A. Yes: I have three children; my wife was in the country; the prisoner left me about half-past four o'clock, and was taken before five - I was about ten minutes with her - I knew her face - there was a candle in the room; I never said I thought her to be the girl; I had a pint of beer with her mother at a public-house, by Hicks's-hall; and she paid for it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEATH
               



            . I am a watchman of Whitechapel. I heard a cry of Watch! before five o'clock on this morning, and saw the prosecutor, who said he had been robbed bya woman in black, of one crown, three half-crowns, a sixpence, and two shillings; I waited while another watchman went into the house, but could not find her; we found the prisoner in Osborne-street - the prosecutor said she was the woman; she said she never saw him in her life; I asked what money she had; she said she did not know; I then searched her, and found three half-crowns, a sixpence, six shillings, and 1s. 3d. in copper; but no green bag.
Cross-examined. Q. Were there any crown-pieces? A. No; 15d. was in copper; he only described her as a woman in black.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SMITH
               



            . I keep the Two Brewers public-house - the prisoner came there on this morning; one or two men were there, but not the prosecutor; they had two glasses of liquor, which came to 8d.; the prisoner gave me a crown-piece; I gave her in charge.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you give her 15d. in copper? A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
