





138. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  KELLY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of December
, 2 sovereigns, and 1 half-sovereign, the monies of 
                     
                        John 
                        Ledger
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN LEDGER. I am a plasterer
, and work for a gentleman, at No. 306, Regent-street. Last Saturday night, at a quarter past eleven o'clock, I was in the New-road; I had received my pay, but was not in the least in liquor - the prisoner ran up against me, and I asked her what she did it for; she then asked me to give her something to drink, and we went to the Globe public-house, but could not get in - we then went down Church-street


, and there she pushed me about; we then came up the street again, and stood against some gates for a little time; she said to me, "Have you lost your watch?" I said, "No, but I have lost something else;" I missed two sovereigns and a half from my waistcoat pocket; I said, "You have robbed me of two sovereigns and a half;" she said, "No - I have not a farthing about me;" she then threw herself down on some steps, pulled both her stockings off, and some half-pence fell out, but nothing else; she was then walking on, and some more half-pence fell from her; I then saw her attempt to put her hand into her bosom, but I clasped her hands, and said I would take her to the watch-house - she said she would go, and I gave her to the watchman - we then went on, and a sovereign dropped before us in the watch-house - the constable searched her; I heard a sovereign fall from her after that, and saw her take the half-sovereign from her mouth.


                  THOMAS 
                  BALSTON
               



            . The prosecutor gave the prisoner into my charge for robbing him of two sovereigns and a half - he appeared quite sober; I took the prisoner to the watch-house - she was loosing her stays, and a sovereign fell from her - she was taken into the back room, and I heard another sovereign fall - she then came into the room again and she took a half-sovereign from her mouth, and laid it, on the table.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FURLER
               



            . I am the constable. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, and a sovereign fell from her - I then searched her in the back room, and another sovereign fell from her - she then gave me a half-sovereign, but I did not see where she took it from - there were 8s. or 9s. in silver found on her - she affected a great deal of delicacy, which was the reason of my taking her into the back room.
Prisoner's Defence. I live with a clergyman in Lisson-grove - my mistress had given me 4l. - I got a little intoxicated, and was counting my money when the prosecutor came up, and said, if I did not give him two sovereigns, he would take me to the watch-house; I had 3l. 10s. 6d. when I was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
