





1447. 
               
                  MARY 
                  DAVIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of June
. 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 seal, value 6s.; 1 key, value 2s., and 15 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Ash
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN ASH. I am a sailor
. I met the prisoner about six o'clock in the evening, on the 2d of June, and went with her to No. 2, Angel-gardens


; we laid down on the bed in a room up stairs; I had a silver watch, a gold seal and key, and fifteen shillings when I went into the room; I went to sleep, and when I awoke the watch and money were gone, and the prisoner also: I had been drinking, but was quite sober - I gave her 1s.


                  CAROLINE 
                  LANE
               



            . I was at the house when the prisoner and the prosecutor came in, between five and six o'clock; the prosecutor gave me 6d. for the room - they were up stairs ten minutes, or a quarter of an hour; she left the prosecutor in bed asleep, and went out saying she should be back in a few minutes, but she did not return: the prosecutor called out that he was robbed; I went up stairs, and he said he insisted upon having a watchman, as he was robbed of his watch and money; I saw him come in, but did not notice whether he had watch then - he had been drinking, but was not very drunk; I went to a public-house to see for the prisoner, but could not find her; I afterwards found her coming out of an eating-house, on Cock-hill; she asked what I took her for; I said, "Never mind till I come to the watch-house."


                  GEORGE 
                  DEVERILL
               



            . I am night-beadle of Shadwell. The prisoner was brought in on a charge of robbing a sailor; she denied it, and said she had no money but a few halfpence about her; I searched her, and found 8s. 11 1/2d. on her, and among the silver this broken seal, which the prosecutor swore to as his; she put a shilling into her mouth, and said it was a sovereign, but it was only a shilling; she said she had had the seal for two years.(Seal produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went to the Coach and Horses public-house, to get a pint of beer; I had not been there above ten minutes when this man came in, intoxicated; he went to sit down; he and the table almost fell on the floor - two girls came in, with whom he had been in company all day, and the night before; he then dozed, and while he was dozing she searched all his pockets, took out something, and gave to the other girl, who took them out: the prosecutor then awoke, and asked her where the other girl was - she went out, and brought in another girl; he said that was not her - she said it was, and wanted him to go home with her - he said she was too wide awake for him, and said she had made him pay heavy that day.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
