





Before Mr. Justice Park.
2033. 
               
                  CORNELIUS 
                  MURRAY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s.6d., the goods of 
                     
                        John Douglas 
                        Close
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN DOUGLAS CLOSE. I live at Kilburn. About half-past seven o'clock on the evening of the 24th of October I was walking through Holborn


, and missed a handkerchief from my coat pocket - I had used it a few minutes before; I turned round, and saw six or seven ill-looking fellows walking away in different directions; I saw the constable take one in the middle of the street - that was not the prisoner; the constable showed me the handkerchief afterwards.


                  JESSE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I live in Lincoln's Inn-fields. Last Wednesday, about half-past seven o'clock, I was in company with Whittingham, on the opposite side of the way to Mr. Close, and saw the prisoner attempt his pocket several times - two others were with him; the prisoner put his hand in, and tried to pull something out; when they got near Kingsgate-street, one of his companions ran back - we crossed over; Whittingham laid hold of one of them, but he escaped; his hat fell off in the scuffle - I picked it up, and the handkerchief was close by it - I gave it to Whittingham; I secured the prisoner; I am sure they were all three together.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WHITTINGHAM
               



            . I was in Holborn with Phillips - I am a Bow-street patrol. I saw the prisoner and two others close behind Mr. Close, and saw the prisoner's hand five or six times at Close's pocket; the handkerchief fell from the hat of one of his companions.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
