






2183. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  LYONS
               




             and 
               
                  SARAH 
                  BROWN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, 1 apron, value 2d.; a pair of spectacles, value 5s.; 4 yards of linen, 8s.; 1 shawl, value 8s; 2 handkerchiefs, value 8s., 3 sovereigns, and 1 crown, the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Guilliam
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS GUILLIAM. I am a labourer
, and live at Deptford, and work on the grounds. On the 14th of October, about seven or eight o'clock at night, I was going to Deptford, and met the prisoners in Broad-street, Westminster; they got hold of my arms, and said they would not let me go till I treated them with a glass of gin; I went to two different houses, and gave them a glass at each - they then would not let me go, but led me to a little room, threw me on a bed, and continued their talking, and wanted more liquor; I got drowsy - I did not go to sleep; I felt their hands rubbing about me; I had all these articles in a bundle on the bed, and the sovereign in a little fob in my waistcoat - they got that out; I felt them searching me; I fell asleep, and then they got hold of me, and threw me out of doors - I awoke - I was in liquor; I called for my hat, and presently they threw my hat and purse out - I did not move from the door till the watchman came in the morning, at six o'clock - another man had told him of it; he called out, but they would not open the door; he sent me for another watchman - they then got in, and searched the house; they found an old apron, which I had bound three times round my waist - I have found nothing else; nobody but the prisoners were in the house - they were in the same bed as they dragged me into; I was asleep when they took the bundle - I had not undressed.


                  DAVID 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a watchman. The watch-house is in Perkins'-rents, Old Pye-street; a man came and told me a poor working man had been robbed; I went down to the house, which I had known of old, and saw the prosecutor; I knocked at the door, but could get no answer - I then sent for the next watchman, who came- I then knocked again, and said if they did not open it I would break in; a voice said "Wait a bit;" I then heard a running to and fro in the passage - we went into the house, and found nothing; the other watchman found this apron in the yard; it is very unusual for the door to be shut at all, but that night it was well bolted; there are some cow-houses at the back of the yard.


                  JOHN 
                  DEMPSEY
               



            . I am a watchman. I found the apron on a shed in the back yard.
LYON'S Defence. This is not the woman who was with me - it was another, much more slender than me; he called me over to him, and asked me to treat him - he went to my door, and we parted; as to the apron, there is but one yard to the three houses.
BROWN'S Defence. I was in bed before eleven o'clock that night, and was not with this girl; it was a slender young woman who goes by the name of Scotch Bet - her name is Eliza Parker.
THOMAS GUILLIAM. When I got to the house, there was a woman in bed; the prisoners are the people who pulled me into the house - they were found in bed the next morning, and undressed.
LYONS - 

               GUILTY
             - Aged 22.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.





               Transported for Life
            .
