





1821. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SULLIVAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of August
, 1 handkerchief, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Matthew 
                        Pearey
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MATTHEW PEAREY. I am an ironmonger
, and live on St. Mary-at-hill. On the 28th of August, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I was at the Holborn end of Fleet-market


, going home; a person tapped me on the shoulder, and gave me information; I turned round, and saw the prisoner running from a cry of Stop thief! I pursued, and took him, without losing sight of him; the officer came up, and produced my handkerchief - I knew it to be mine, though I had no initials on it - I had used it a long time.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see nobody else running? A. No, except the officer; I did not see him take it.


                  HENRY 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am a watchman of Holborn. I saw the prisoner in company with another, and watched them, crossing from Skinner-street towards Holborn-hill; I saw Mr. Pearey, arm-in-arm with a gentleman - I saw the prisoner twist up Pearey's pocket; the other then came up close to his side; I saw the prisoner take his right hand out of Mr. Pearey's pocket, with the handkerchief, and put it under his left arm - I was close behind, and received the handkerchief from his hand, as he was putting it under his arm, to hand it to his companion - I took hold of them both, shoved towards the prosecutor, and tapped him on the shoulder - a third person shoved me against the wall, and both the prisoners got away, in different directions; I pursued Sullivan, and stopped him about a hundred yards off, without losing sight of him.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you on duty? A. No - I had not my coat on; the shops were open - it was light; a great many people were passing; it might take three or four minutes.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoner was brought into the watch-house a quarter of an hour before the watch set, and was taken to the Compter; Hughes delivered me the handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning from drinking tea with my sister, and am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
