






125. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  TYLER
               




             and 
               
                  MARK 
                  LYONS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Burden
                     




                  , from his person
            .

JOHN BURDEN. On the evening of the 27th of November, I was walking in Holborn, near Middle-row


 - Waddington, the officer, came and asked me if I had not had my pocket picked; I felt and missed my handkerchief, which I had safe in Fleet-market - he said if I would go back I should get it - it was found, I believe, in a passage, but I did not see it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you not go into a public-house where you saw Tyler? A. Yes; he was standing there with a handkerchief in his hand; I examined it, and it turned out to be his own. The officer searched him in my presence, and no handkerchief of mine was found on him.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I am a constable. I was in Holborn, and saw the two prisoners cross from the City bounds to go up Holborn. I saw Mr. Burden with Lyons close to him, and Tyler close behind him - Lyons put his hand into Mr. Burden's pocket - he then turned round and said something to Tyler; I then saw Tyler's hand pass towards him - he crossed into the road, and Lyons ran away; I told Burden his pocket had been picked, and desired Keys, who was with me, to follow Tyler - I took Mr. Burden back to the public-house, where Tyler was; he had a handkerchief in his hand, which I thought was the prosecutor's, but it was not - Keys then searched Tyler, but found nothing; I then found this handkerchief in the passage, close by where I had seen Keys push Tyler in.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see Tyler with a handkerchief in his hand? A. Yes, both in the street, and in the house, but it was his own - it was a yellow handkerchief, not unlike this.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am a constable. I was in Holborn, and saw Lyons close to the prosecutor, and Tyler behind him - Lyons stopped and said something to Tyler, and then put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket - he kept it there about ten paces, and then took the handkerchief out and gave it to Tyler; I saw Tyler folding it up in his hand; I took him into a public-house and found a yellow handkerchief in his hat, but not this. Waddington found this in the passage, about five minutes after he had taken it.
Cross-examined. Q. When you pushed him into the public-house had he any handkerchief in his hand? A. No, nor did I see any handkerchief about him; I pushed him into the parlour, and did not let him go at all. Lyons gave him one, but I do not know what he did with it - he had it in his hand doubling it up - he had no handkerchief in his hand when he got to the public-house.
COURT. Q. Did you take off his hat in the public-house? A. Yes, and I found a handkerchief there - I had it in my hand when Waddington and the prosecutor came in.
COURT to WADDINGTON. Q. Had you seen the other handkerchief pass from Tyler to Keys? A. No, I only saw it in one of their hands - there were three women in the passage.
TYLER'S Defence. I went to my master's to see if I should come to work for him; I came down Middle-row, and crossed the way to look for a young man I knew - Keys passed me, then turned back, and saw my handkerchief in my hand; he said "This is it - you will do - come in here;" he took me into a public-house, and I was searched, but nothing found; the other officer then said"The little one has bolted with it, for he has not got it;" then Waddington went out, and said he found this handkerchief behind the street door.
TYLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
LYONS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Life
            .
