





196. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of November
, 1 1/2 yards of cloth, value 13s., the goods of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Archer
                     



                  ; 2 1/2 yards of cotton cord, value 6s., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Holdon
                     



                  ; 1 coat, value 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        Elizabeth 
                        Anstee
                     



                  ; and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Pullen
                  



               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  ARCHER
               



            . I live at Ashford, near Staines, in Middlesex - I live with my father, and work under a groom
. I let the prisoner have a yard and a half of cloth on the 18th of November, to make a coat for me; I expected to receive it in a coat - he never returned, but I saw it the day after he was taken; I had known him for about a fortnight - he professed to be a tailor, and had made several things.


                  JAMES 
                  HOLDON
               



            . I am a labourer
, and live at Ashford. I gave the prisoner a yard and three quarters of cotton cord to make a pair of breeches for me - I expected to receive them made up; he was taken the day afterwards.


                  EDWARD 
                  ANSTEE
               



            . I am sixteen years of age - my mother gave the prisoner a coat, which was to be altered and made up for me; it was not to be returned in the state it was given to him.


                  PETER 
                  PULLEN
               



            . I gave the prisoner a coat to alter for me, and he took this handkerchief out of the pocket of it - this was on the 18th; he was taken up the same evening - I am certain this is my handkerchief.


                  JOHN 
                  ENDERSON
               



            . I am a horse patrol. I saw the prisoner on the 18th of November, a few minutes after nine o'clock in the evening, near Staines-gate - he was coming towards town; he could have gone to Ashford that way, but it was not the direct road, and his face was towards London - soon after I first met him, a person came and asked me if I had seen such a man - I said I had; I went after him and took him - he was intoxicated; I found this coat on him, which was claimed by Anstee, and this handkerchief, which is claimed by Pullen, was in the pocket of it- he said the cloth and the cord he had sold, and he had done wrong.
Prisoner. Q.You saw me a little out of Staines? A. Yes; there is a way to go to Ashford down a turning, but it was in the road to London.


                  THOMAS 
                  KERSALL
               



            . I am a tailor, and live at Staines. On the 18th of November, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came into my shop, and said he had got a piece of corderoy, which he had bought to make a man a pair of breeches, and he wished to sell it, if any body would buy it; he could get some trimmings to go on with his work; I gave him 4s. 6d. for it - he said he lived at Ashford; it is cotton cord, and was claimed by Holdon.


                  EDWARD 
                  HACK
               



            . The prisoner came to my shop on the 18th of November, and offered this piece of cloth for sale; he said he could not go on with his other business - I bought it of him for 13s.; it was afterwards claimed by Archer - the prisoner said he lived at Ashford.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PHILETS
               



            . I am a labourer. Pullen came to me. and asked if I would go with him to see for the prisoner; we went to Staines, and the people at the New-inn said such a person had been there for a lodging- I went out, and the patrol stopped him; he had his own coat on, over Anstee's coat.
Prisoner to 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HOLDON
               



            . Q. You told me you were not in a hurry for a month or two? A. No, I did not; I said if you could get any body else's clothes to make for a fortnight or three weeks, you might.
Prisoner to 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  ANSTEE
               



            . Q.Your aunt gave me the coat to alter, and said any time before Christmas day would do? A. She said she was in no hurry - she did not say a word about Christmas; my uncle said he had better not take it till he wanted it, but he said he could unpick it of a night.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been travelling through Kent, Sussex and Hampshire, and was in great distress-for days I have been without victuals; it was distress that induced me to do what I did - I perserved to try to get some little business; I never did this with a criminal intention, but meant to return them - misfortunes crowding on me have crushed me almost to my grave: life is not sweet to me, death would be more preferable, providing it were an honourable one - I went that night into a house where some persons were having a little drink, and I took some, which affected my head, as a little does; I was on my way home - there is a way across the fields, but I did not like to go that night.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 55.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
