





26. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     HIGGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, 1 coat, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Bell
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  CUTMORE
               



            . My father keeps a general sale-shop. On the 31st of October, at half-past two o'clock, I was going up Frith-street


, and saw a carriage at the corner - the prisoner took a coat from the dickey, and told me not to say any thing; I ran to the coachman, and called out Stop thief! the prisoner ran down Bateman's-buildings, and I lost sight of him - I saw him again in about ten minutes, in Greek-street, and am certain he is the man.
THOMAS MAPLE. I am coachman to Mr. Charles Bell. I was turning from Frith-street into Soho-square, with his pheaton; Cutmore told me the coat was taken - I turned, and missed it; I drove on in the direction he said the prisoner had gone - I saw the prisoner in the custody of the beadle, who had this coat, which is my master's.


                  JOSHUA 
                  IVORY
               



            . I am a beadle. I saw the carriage as I was crossing Frith-street, about half-past two o'clock; I went to Bateman's-buildings, where I live, and knocked at my door - while I was waiting the prisoner ran by me with this coat; I followed - he ran into a shop which was shut up, but the door was open; he dropped the coat on the floor - I took him and the coat, which was about two yards from him; he was about one hundred yards from the carriage when I first saw him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to dinner - I saw this coat in the road, and took it up; I saw no carriage.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
