





322. 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  DEAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of May
, 130lbs. of types, value 10l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John Fowler 
                  Dove
               




            .
MR. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I live in the Old Bailey, and am a printer. On Wednesday week a man, who was quite a stranger, brought some types to my house, to sell for old metal - he did not ask a price, but brought a paper for me to fill up, with the prices of old metal, which I did; in about three hours he brought the metal, which appeared nearly new; I referred to Bridgeman and Barret, two of my men, who knew the type; the man said he brought it from a Mr. Dean, and I said I must see him - next day the prisoner came, about noon - he said his name was Dean, and asked if some old metal had not been left - I said it had; he asked why it had not been returned, or paid for; I said it had come under suspicious circumstances, and I had sent for a printer - I kept him till Mr. Dove arrived; the prisoner said he could clearly account for it, but when Mr. Dove claimed it he said he hoped Mr. Dove would be merciful to him.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not say "I think you are acting very harsbly with me - take a little time to think of it?" A. I believe you did; but when you got up to go away you said you hoped he would be merciful to you. When a type is incomplete it is considered an old metal, but it is not usual to throw out metal so perfect as this; a great part of it could be used.
Q. There was part of a page standing with the type when it came to you, in pie? A. Yes, and a part in papers - it is not exactly in the same state now as when it came; it has been thrown out of the trunk into the box - I seperated a part of it, but it is now mixed; there were two or three sorts of small pica, pica, brevier, and several others. There was part of a perfect page of an Italian Grammar, which was recognized by Mr. Dove - this is the type that was brought to me; it is worth 24s. as old metal, but 3l. or 4l. as type.



                  GEORGE 
                  HAZLEWOOD WORRALL
               



            . I am an officer. I produce the type, in the same state as I received it.
Prisoner. Q. Where did you take me to? A. To the Compter, and then took your child home. Mr. Dove remained there about twenty minutes, and searched every room and cupboard that he thought proper; he looked at your receipts to see if there were any documents of his property, but he did not find any - we had no search-warrant - I do not remember that you wished Mr. Dove to go home with you, or said you would give him every information in your power - you wished him not to be harsh with you.


                  JOHN 
                  BRIDGEMAN
               



            . I am a printer, in the employ of Mr. Taylor. He showed me some type, which I knew to be Mr. Dove's, for whom I worked last September.
Prisoner. Q. In what state was it? A. In a state of pie, but I can swear it was Mr. Dove's; if an heap of pie was brought from eight or ten printing-offices I could point out which were his. Here are three different small picas - some of Fry's, and some of Caslon's - I can pick them out.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARRET
               



            . I am a printer at Mr. Taylor's, and was apprentice at Mr. Dove's. I saw this type, and knew it to be his - there was some part of it in lines, in the Italian language, in small pages, I think in duodecimo.
MR. JOHN FOWLER DOVE. I am a printer
. The prisoner worked for me last May. This type is mine - part of it is old, but not so old as to be thrown away, for years to come - I stated the value at 6l., but it is worth more to me; part of it is in the lines of "Tottis" Italian Grammar."
Prisoner. Q. Have you got the bill-book used in your house? A. No. I heard of the fire at Mr. Gosnell's - I took the prisoner and several of his hands from there - he was employed upon the Rev. Daniel Wilson's letters, which were began at Mr. Gosnell's, and printed after the fire at my house; it was printed in pica, small pica, and long primer. The prisoner worked on the left-hand in the long room, which is not seperated. I went to him in Giltspur-street on the morning after he was in custody - he had said, the night before, that it was my property, and he would make some communication, but he did not. I did not say I had two more in my employ whom I had strongly suspected, but I requested the prisoner to give up his accomplices. I might have told him that I suspected he had accomplices, because I did suspect it. I did not say to his wife, "I don't believe your husband stole the property, but I believe he received it from some one;" I said I thought from the extent of the robbery he had accomplices; I was told the other evening that his wife had nothing to eat, and I called and gave her 5s.; I said if it could be proved that she had nothing to do with this, I would do what I could for her - her landlady was there, and said she was niece to a certain gentleman, and I wrote to him.
JURY. Q. How much of it was considered as Tottis' Grammer? A. Part of a page, and several lines - no other printer has printed that work for the last ten years.
The prisoner entered into a long Defence, contending that there was no proof of his having committed the robbery, and stated that he had purchased it, and accusing the prosecutor of vindictive motives, as he had the prosecutor in the former case, page 87.
Prisoner to MR. DOVE. Q. Did you call at my apartment, and see my wife? A. Yes - you asked me to call and administer all the comfort I could to your disconsolate partner; when I called at Giltspur-street, before I entered your name on the book; I called from the motive of charity and benevolence; your wife shewed me a letter from a baronet, and I wrote to him to tell him the situation she was in, and to beg him to extend his kindness to her, as I found he had relieved her before; I wrote to another gentleman, and said if he was really her uncle, this would be a good time to extend his kindness to her, and I offered to join with him - I received an answer, in which he denies being related to her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JEFFRIES
               



            . I recollect on Christmas-eve a quantity of small pica, about 80lbs., being brought to my premises for sale - it was in order; I examined it before the prisoner, and afterwards more leisurely; I recollect there were three or four different founts in it, in paper - I should not have known "Tottis" Grammar," but I should have known it was in Italian. I cannot swear that this is it; nor could any printer in London, being in a state of pie; if a quantity of type had been taken from my office I could not swear to it.
MR. ANDREWS. Q. Has the type which the prisoner brought to you been since claimed by Mr. Dove? A. Yes - that part which was in paper could be sworn to - I bought it as useful type, not as old metal.
COURT to THOMAS BARRETT. Q. When did you leave Mr. Dove? A. In September last; he was printing "Tottis' Grammar," but I do not recollect when; the prisoner could have got from the place he worked in to the other part of the premises; the types that were not in use were locked up - the others were about the premises.
Prisoner. Q. In what part of the house was "Tottis" Grammar" done? A. In different parts of the house; I think it was done when you came to the house, but the pages remained about.
COURT to JOHN BRIDGEMAN. Q. Did Tottis' Grammar lay about the office for some time? A. Yes.
Prisoner. Q. Is it not common for the overseer to put away the type when a work is finished, and keep it under lock and key? A. Yes, but he might be otherwise employed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
