






1926. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CAREY
               




             and 
               
                  ANN 
                  CAREY
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of August
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 2 seals, value 5s.; 1 snuff-box, value 15s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 13s.; and 13 shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  James 
                  Hughes
               




            .
JAMES HUGHES. I am a tradesman
 out of business. On the 4th of August this watch and money were in my trousers, and the snuff-box in my coat pocket; I met Ann Carey in Camden-town, at one o'clock on Sunday morning. the 3d of August, and went with her to a room in a house at Battle-bridge


 - I went to bed with her, having put my clothes on something that felt like a chair, but I went to bed in the dark; I did not awake till the morning, and then missed my property, and accused her of being an accessory - I had heard a great noise in the night, which she attributed to rats; I said, "They must be very large ones indeed" - when I accused her of the robbery, she said she knew nothing about it, nor who had taken them, but she admitted they were gone; I saw the watch, seals, and snuff-box at Hatton-garden on the 9th, but I have not got the trousers and money.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you tipsy? A. I was sober enough to know what I was doing - I was as conscious of it as I am now; she took me to Providence-row - I have heard she was married.
Q. Do not you know that the rat was her husband who came and took your trousers to punish you? A. My opinion is, that he was in the room under the bed at the time - Ann Carey went to the pawnbroker's to get me a pair of breeches to put on; the pawnbroker lent them to me, as I had no money.


                  FRANCIS 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I am a labourer. On Monday morning, the 4th of August, about nine o'clock I was at breakfast, the male prisoner came and asked if I would take a walk; I said I was going to work - he urged me to take a walk, and I did; and while I was changing my trousers, he came up stairs, pulled out a watch, and asked the value of it - I said I was no judge, but would go and inquire; I went to Mr. Pickett's, who said it was worth three guineas and a half - he then asked me to go and pawn it, which I did for 2l., and gave him the money; he then pulled out the snuff-box, and asked me to pawn that, but I would not, and he pawned it himself.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PACKER
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker. On the 4th of August Curtis pawned the watch.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am assistant to a pawnbroker, and have a silver snuff-box pawned on the 4th of August, by William Carey.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I am an officer. I have a sovereign, a half-sovereign, three half-crowns, a shilling, a sixpence, and some halfpence which I found on the female prisoner on the 4th of August; the prosecutor gave me information, and I took both the prisoners at the Bell public-house - the pawnbroker described the money as what he had given.


                  DANIEL 
                  DUTCH
               



            . I am an officer of Mary-le-bone. Itook up Curtis on the 7th of August; I have a duplicate which I got from a man named Gorgat.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RAVEN
               



            . I assisted in apprehending the prisoners.
FRANCIS CURTIS re-examined. Carey had a pair of black trousers on, which he went and changed at a Jew's shop for a pair of corded ones; I stood outside while he went in.
WILLIAM CAREY's Defence. I was out about nine o'clock that night, and I met a friend, who detained me till about four o'clock the next morning; I got home about six o'clock, went up stairs, and saw this dress thrown on a chair - I took down the trousers, and found some things in them; I took them on purpose to bring this thing to a discovery.
WILLIAM CAREY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ANN CAREY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
