





408. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HERBERT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of February
, one watch, value 3 l.; one chain, value 6 s.; one seal, value 5 s.; and one key, value 2 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Carr
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CARR
               



            . I am a lace dealer
, and live in Water-street. On the 11th of February, about eight o'clock at night, I was in Fleet-street


, and by St. Dunstan's church, the prisoner met me, and instantly snatched the watch out of my fob; he ran up St. Dunstan's-court with it. I gave an alarm, and pursued him, I lost sight of him for a few yards up the passage, then three men stopped me, and began hustling me, to prevent my following him. I kept crying Stop thief! and he was stopped at the end of the passage. The men then left me - I am sure he is the man.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CHARLES FAWCETT
               



            . I am a printer. I was coming out of Gough-square, into St. Dunstan's-court, and heard the cry of Stop thief! The passage is very dark,and goes through a private house. I looked down the court, and it was clear - I saw the prisoner running towards me, and knowing nobody had passed me, I sprang out of the private passage, shut the door, and by that means stopped up the thoroughfare. The prisoner came up, and said,
"Don't stop me, for I am in pursuit of the thief." I said,
"I shall stop you till somebody comes up, and in a few seconds, three men came up, apparently out of breath, and said,
"Where is he?" I said,
"Here he is." They looked round the corners, and kept asking,
"Where is he?" I still said,
"This is him," but they took no notice of me - I thought I had stopped the wrong person, and let him go. He instantly ran towards Fleet-street; the crowd were then coming up the court. The moment I saw him run, I thought he was the man, and called out,
"That is the man," and saw him retaken. Mr. Carr immediately said he was the man.


                  HENRY 
                  TALMAGE
               



            . I am an officer. He was given in my charge.
Prisoner. It is of no use saying any thing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
