





494. 
               
                  EDMUND 
                  UNDERWOOD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of January
, 5 pairs of boots, value 20s., and 6 pairs of shoes, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Jackson
                     




                  , his master
            .
JOSEPH JACKSON. I am a boot and shoe-maker
. The prisoner was in my service for several weeks - I took stock on the 26th of January, and missed a pair of Wellington boots, and forty-three pairs of boys' boots and shoes; I told the prisoner I thought he must he privy to it, as he worked in the shop, and I thought they could not go without his knowing it - he denied all knowledge of them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARDING
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Westminster. I have a pair of half boots, pawned by the prisoner, on the 18th of January.


                  LEONARD 
                  GEORGE NEEDES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have three pairs of boys' boots, pawned by the prisoner, at our house, at different times.


                  EDWARD 
                  DYER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two pairs of boots; one pair was pawned by the prisoner - I do not know who pawned the other.


                  RICHARD 
                  BIRCH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Lambeth. I have a pair of boots, pawned by the prisoner, I believe, but I am not certain - this is the duplicate I gave of them.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Tothill-street. The prisoner pawned a pair of shoes with me on the 19th of January - here is the duplicate.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES LLOYD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a pair of boots, pawned at our house, but I do not know who by.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner from Henly, who is not able to attend.


                  JOSEPH 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I dismissed the prisoner on the day I missed the property; I found him at his father's the next day, and told him I had found eight pair of the boots at the pawnbrokers. I told him he was a pretty fellow - he did not attempt to deny it, but told me of four pair more - one pair of shoes I have not got - the pawnbroker would not deliver them up to me. The prisoner told me he had destroyed the duplicates.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that the prosecutor had promised not to prosecute if he would give information about the property.
JOSEPH JACKSON. I made him no promise whatever.
GUILTY. Aged 22.




               Recommended to Mercy
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
