





SIXTH DAY, TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 26.
173. 
               
                  THOMASINA, alias 
ANN 
                  BRETT
               




            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of February
, one dressing-case, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Lord
                        



                     
                  , senior; one snuffbox, value 10 s.; one shawl, value 5 s., and one scarf, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lord
                  



               
            , the younger.
MR. LAW conducted the Prosecution.
Mr. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  LORD
               



            , JUN. On the 17th of February, about half-past five o'clock in the afternoon, I desired the servant to go up stairs for my snuff-box. While she was gone, we heard somebody run down stairs, and slam the door to; I went into the passage, and met the servant with my snuffbox in her hand. In consequence of what she said, I went into the street, and overtook the prisoner about one hundred and fifty yards from the house - I recognised her as an old servant of my father's; she had left about a year and a half.


                  HARRIOT 
                  PICKERING
               



            . I am the servant. I went up stairs for the snuff-box, and as I entered the room I found it was not on the dressing-table, and on going to the side of the bed, I saw the prisoner standing with her face towards the wall. She gave the snuff-box into my hand, and said
"Take this, and say nothing" - she pushed me aside. There was a bundle near her, she stood close over it; she shut me into the room, and ran down stairs. I cried out Murder! and came down, and told Mr. Lord. I returned to the room, and saw the bundle opened; it contained a pelisse, three dressing gowns, a shawl, scarf, and dressing case. I am sure of her person.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  LORD
               



             re-examined. I accompanied her to the watch-house. I made her no promises; I said,
"If you have any thing about your person, you had better give it up, without undergoing the inconvenience of a search." she said,
"I have not, all that I have taken you will find up by the side of the bed." I asked her how she got into the house; she said,
"I got over the wall on Saturday night, and laid myself in the lumber-room, (which is in the yard,) till four o'clock on Sunday, and then took an opportunity of going into the house, while your dinner was going up, and then laid myself in the coal cellar, where you will find my shoes." I found a pair of shoes there - she had no shoes on. I found the bundle in the room.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
