





1379. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .


                  JOHN 
                  KING
               




            . The prisoner was in my employ, and left me in the month of July - he had been round on the day he left me to my customers to receive money - he did not account for any money he had received of Mrs. Williams - he came home that evening and put the basket in, and went to a public-house - I went after him and said, "John, will you come and stir the sponge" - he said "Not before eight o'clock." I met him on the following evening between nine and ten, in the Borough. There was 5 s. 4 1/2 d. found on him, which I believe the officer gave him again.


                  HANNAH 
                  KING
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. The prisoner did not come to me to offer me any money; on the evening when he went away he borrowed half-a-crown of me.


                  ANN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am the wife of John Williams. I paid the prisoner 3 l. 10 s., on the 25th of July
, for his master - he put "paid" on the bill. I paid 3 l. in silver, and 10 s. in copper - there were some shillings and sixpences - I cannot say how many of each.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KEY
               



            . I am an officer. I took up the prisoner on the evening of the 11th of July, at the Obelisk. I found two or three bakers' bills on him, but I do not recollect that I found any money on him - if I did I gave it him again.
Prisoner. I had no intention of embezzling my master's money. I offered it to my mistress, but she would not take it. I borrowed 2 s. 6 d. because I would not touch it.


                  SARAH 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I live in St. Martin's-lane. The prisoner said at Bow-street that he offered his mistress the money; and Mr. King told me that he had offered the money to his wife.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
