





199. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  PRENDERGAST
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of December
, 2 knives, value 1s.; 3 keys, value 1s. 6d.; 1 bottle, value 1d.; 3 half-crowns, 2 sixpences, and 1 farthing, the property of 
                     
                        William 
                        Sawyer
                     




                   from his person
            .
WILLIAM SAWYER. I am an extra exciseman
. Last Saturday night, about half-past twelve o'clock (I had spent the evening with my father, at Ratcliff-highway), I met the prisoner in Whitechapel-road


; she spoke to me in rather a singular way - I thought she was tipsy, or out of her senses; she laughed and twisted round me, behind and before; I walked on. I live in Finch-street, Whitechapel - I did not stop at all; before I reached home I found my pocket was turned out, and all my money and these other things gone; I had given her nothing - she had then left me; I went to the patrol - he pursued her- she was taken in about twenty minutes, and produced most of the things herself.


                  JOHN 
                  DUNGATE
               



            . I am watch-house-keeper. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house by the patrol; she took no notice of the charge, but laughed, and said he offered her two half-crowns, which the prosecutor denied; I said, "Let us see what you have got;" she pulled out this money and all the other things but the ink-bottle, which I found in her pocket.


                  EDMUND 
                  WINTER
               



            . I am a patrol, and went after the prisoner; I saw the property found - she said nothing to me, but laughed, and asked what I took her for.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  SAWYER
               



            . I swear I gave her nothing, and had no conversation with her.
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me 5s. to go home with me, and when I did so he had no more money, and left me the keys and other things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
