





1120. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     FREEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of May
, 22 pairs of shoes, value 4l., and 3 pairs of boots, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Walter 
                     Shields
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WALTER SHIELDS
               



            . The prisoner is a relation of my wife's; I am a shoemaker
. She came to my shop on the 29th of May, and said that her mother could not come to clean the house till the afternoon; when she was gone, I missed a pair of shoes, and sent my boy for her - she said she knew nothing about them.


                  CHARLES 
                  WILLIAMSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have six pairs of shoes, pawned by the prisoner, at different times; the last was on the 30th of May.
PHILEMON HARVEY. I am a pawnbroker. I have nine pairs of shoes; four pairs were pledged by the prisoner - the others I did not take in.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MACKLESFIELD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two pairs of men's shoes and two pairs of girl's boots pawned by a female, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ward
               



             - I am not certain it was the prisoner.


                  ROBERT 
                  MASTER
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, who said she had taken some shoes, but not so many; that sho had pawned them at all the pawnbrokers in the highway, and torn the duplicates to pieces.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HAMES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have three pairs of shoes, pawned by a female about the prisoner's size.


                  EDWARD 
                  EDMOND CHILD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have three pairs of shoes, pawned by the prisoner, to the best of my belief.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
