





470. 
               
                  LOUISA 
                  PALMER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of December
, 1 brooch, value 10s.; 1 pillow, value 2s.; 1 sheet, value, 4s; 1 printed book, value 5s.; 1 umbrella, value 1s; 1 lace cap, value 4s.; 1 petticoat, value 3s., and 1 bed-gown, value 9d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Phoebe 
                     Jelly
                  




               
            .
PHOEBE JELLY. I live in Bridgewater-gardens


 - I keep a green-shop
, and take in washing. The prisoner came and took my lodging on the 13th of November, and had half a bed at 2s. per week - she did needle - work for me at times; I missed a gold brooch, set with pearls, from the middle drawer, which was locked, in the room she s'ept in; two women lodged there - I did not miss some of the things till after I gave her in charge; I found the things in pawn.


                  CHARLES 
                  BAFF
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, of Goswell-street. I have all the articles named in the indictment, except the brooch - they were all pawned at different times for 11s., altogether, by the prisoner - all of them in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Palmer
               



            , between the 18th and 23d of December.


                  GEORGE 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live with Mr. Walter, of Aldersgate-street. I have a brooch, pawned on the 2d of December for 3s., in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Harris
               



            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  ORTON
               



            . I am a constable. I took charge of the prisoner on a Saturday evening in December - the prosecutrix searched her, and found the duplicate of anumbrella on her; next morning she gave me the other duplicate, and told me she intended to redeem them.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I intended to replace them as soon as I could.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
