






518. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WELLS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of January
, a pair of coach springs, value 10 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hopkins
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Hopkins
                        



                     
                  , in their dwelling-house
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I live in David-street, Berkley-square


, and am in partnership

 with my brother

 William. On Friday, the 30th of January, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, I received a pair of springs from Bailey, whose master had made them - he put them down in the shop, and I shut the door after him, and saw them safe at half-past ten o'clock. I went out early next morning, and know nothing more of them till I found them at the office, on Wednesday - they are worth full 10 l. I live in the house, but my brother does not, and has nothing to do with the dwelling-house.


                  ROBERT 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Phillips, a coach spring maker. I made these springs, and know them to be those which I sent to the prosecutor, by Bailey.


                  GEORGE 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am Mr. Phillips's porter, and carried these springs to the prosecutors', and know them by a private mark on them.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am porter to Messrs. Hopkins. On the 31st of January, at half-past seven o'clock, when I went to work, the springs laid in the shop.


                  EDWARD 
                  JOHN HANDLEY
               



            . I am an officer. On the morning of the 31st of January, in consequence of information, I went to search the house of one Martin, in Strutton-ground, and found these coach springs - he is a jobbing smith.


                  JOHN 
                  COOPER
               



            . I went with Handley; his account is correct.


                  MARGARET 
                  MARTIN
               



            . My husband is a lock-smith. I was very ill in bed with my husband; my little sister, 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann
               



             got up, and opened the shop - we live in the kitchen. The prisoners brought these springs in, and left them; we thought it very odd. They said they would leave them, and call again, as we were abed. I knew Green before. All they said was,
"We will leave these, and call again;" they went away, and when we got up, my husband looked at them, and desired if they came again, to make them take them away; they did not come, but the officers came, and said they were informed we had them; I said,
"Yes, there they are." I am sure the prisoner brought them.
Prisoner WELLS. I understand her husband has feed the officers not to be taken himself, as they were found under the bed - Witness, They left them at the bedside; my little sister put them under to sweep the room.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . They were under the bed. She gave them up immediately I asked for them.


                  MARY 
                  ANN MARTIN
               



            . I am fifteen years old, and lodge with my sister-in-law. I am sure the prisoners are the men who brought the springs; they asked if my brother was at home - I said he was not up; they brought them into the back room, and said they would leave them till he got up, and laid them down at the bedside. I have seen them both before in the street.
GREEN'S Defence. We went to her place a second time, and I saw the man twice after that.
GREEN - GUILTY. Aged 19.
WELLS - GUILTY. Aged 19.




               Of stealing but not in a dwelling-house
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
