






1346. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     TURNER
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of October
, a watch value 3 l.; two seals, value 12 s.; a key, value 5 s., and a chain, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Johnson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a sailor
. I was at the Star, public-house, in Whitechapel


, on the 25th of October, at twelve o'clock at night, and as I was going out the prisoner Brown drew me down the passage, and took my watch; he then went out; I followed him, and just as I got to the outer door some other person knocked me down - that was about three minutes after I had lost my watch. I saw the watch again at the watch-house.
Prisoner BROWN. Q. Did you see me in the house - A. No, not in the house, but in the entry; I was not quite sober: I had been at another house before.


                  HENRY 
                  HAWES
               



            . I am a patrol. I heard an alarm at the Star, and saw the prosecutor kneeling on the ground, and Turner standing over him; I saw Brown with his coat off, and I pursued him. I saw three sailors coming up to meet him; I sprang my rattle, and a watchman came up - one of the sailors took hold of Brown; the watchman then gave his arm a jerk, and the watch fell from his hand; the watchman said,
"Look out, he had dropped the watch;" I took it up.


                  ROBERT 
                  BULLEN
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw Brown running from the Star, public-house; Johnson followed him, and Turner followed Johnson; Johnson fell down, or was knocked down, and Turner stood over him. Johnson called Watch! Patrol! I followed Brown - some sailors came up the street, and they caught Brown; Hawes could not stop himself soon enough, but ran by him. Brown had the watch in his hand while I held him by the shoulder. I said to Hawes,
"Look out, he has thrown the watch away." Hawes took it up.
Prisoner BROWN. Q. Did you see the watch in my hand - A. Yes, I did. There were some sailors coming up the street, but only one was round me when I took you - there were a good many persons in the street.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BROWN'S Defence. I was coming out of another public-house, and heard the cry of Stop thief! about a dozen other persons came out; I ran with them, and was stopped by some sailors; a gentleman said he had got the watch.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 16.



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
TURNER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
