







Middlesex Cases, Fourth Jury. Before Mr. Recorder.
126. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  KIMLEY
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  FENN
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of September

, 138 lbs. of sugar, value 3 l. 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Severn
               



            , 
               
                  Frederick Benjamin 
                  King
               



            , 
               
                  John 
                  Severn
               



            , and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bishop
               



            ; and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JAMES alias 
WILLIAMS




            , was indicted for that he 


               feloniously did incite, move, procure, aid, council, and command the said prisoners to do and commit the said felonies
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am foreman at the West India Docks. On the 22d of September, I weighed four hogsheads of sugar, in No. 8, Warehouse. I delivered them at Messrs. Severn and King's waggon - here is the dock ticket, which I made out, and delivered with them: the hogshead, No. 20, weighed 16 cwt. 3 qr. 23 lbs., marked "D. E." and there was a country number of "41" on the hogshead. I did not know the man who was with the waggon, nor those who assisted.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did you count the weights yourself? A. Yes - I am certain this was the weight.


                  THOMAS 
                  HORNE
               



            . I am a foreman at the West India Docks. I remember the loading of this waggon; the prisoner Williams alias James drove it: he, with the assistance of another man, whom I do not recollect, put the hogsheads into the waggon - this is the ticket which was delivered.


                  JOHN 
                  EVANS
               



            , JUN. I am a jiggerman. On the 22d of September, I assisted to load Severn's waggon - it was driven by Williams - a young man came from No. 9, warehouse, and helped to load it - he got up in the waggon; the prisoner Williams was in the waggon first. I noticed that the hogshead in front of the waggon was loaded in a different way to what carmen generally do - it was placed gun wise, instead of across - this would allow a person to pass at the side of the cask to the sample hole.


                  HENRY 
                  WINNING
               



            . I am carman

 to the prosecutor. Iwas at the docks on the 22d of September, with another waggon of theirs. I saw the waggon in question - one Fowler ought to have driven it, but I did not see him there. I was standing at No. 3, warehouse, and saw the waggon at No. 8, warehouse - Kimley was with it. I saw it go out of the dock with five hogsheads in it, but I could not observe their position. When I saw Kimley first, he was driving slowly, but the nearer he came to me, the more he whipped the horses, and I saw that the front of the waggon was covered with a tarpauling, which came down to the shafts - it was a fine day, and no tarpauling was required: if it had been a wet day, that tarpauling would not have covered the sugar, as it was so much over the shafts.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . On the 22d of September, I was carman to Mr. Drake. I am now in the service of Mr. Briant. I was coming up the Commercial-road



, following Mr. Scudder's waggon, which was first, and 
               
                  Edward 
                  Fowler
               



             was driving it - that was about twenty poles from Mr. Severn's waggon: the second waggon was driven by George Fenn - Mr. Severn's waggon stopped at the corner of Grove-street. I saw Edward Fowler come to Mr. Severn's waggon, by the sign of the King's Head, public-house at the corner of Grove-street. Kimley came to the tail of the waggon, and took a load from Fowler - Fenn was then by the side. I heard Fenn say "Ned don't do it, you'll be seen by somebody." Fowler said,"It must come out, and shall come out," and then Kimley took it on his back - Fowler and Fenn went into the public-house. Fenn said nothing more that I heard. I saw Fenn next day at the dock, and said "Why do you keep such company you'll get into trouble as sure as you are alive;" he said, "I only went to have half a pint of beer."
Cross-examined. Q. When carts have been at the Docks for things, do they not come five or six together along the road? A. Yes; and the drivers talk and drink together. I was about six yards from the waggon at the time of the transaction - Fenn did not touch it. Fowler and Kimley did it. Fenn said "Don't do it by daylight, you'll be seen." Fenn was then close to the tail of the waggon. He did not appear angry. I did not say any thing to them till the next day, when I spoke to Fenn.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was it not known the next day that this had been done? A. Yes; but I do not know that Fenn knew it. I am a sugar carman - the regular way to load a waggon, is to let the first hogshead go in crossways, the next two long ways, and then one across: a chain goes across to keep them tight, and if there is a fifth hogshead, it goes at top, and is called a rider.


                  HENRY 
                  WINNING
               



            . I am warehouseman to Messrs. Benjamin Severn and Co. On the 22d of September this waggon came from the docks, driven by Fowler; I assisted in unloading it - the first four hogsheads had nothing particular about them; but on the fifth being put into the warehouse, I knocked off the tin, and put in the drawing-iron, and was surprised to find that there was no sugar near the hole; it was marked D. E., No. 20. I went to the show room, and fetched the dock ticket to see what was the weight; I then weighed it, and it weighed only 15 cwt. 2 qr. 23 lbs., making a deficiency of 1 cwt. 0 qr. 26 lbs. I immediately acquainted Mr. William Severn of it, and it was again weighed, in his presence. I have never seen Fowler since; he had given us no notice of his being about to leave. This was on a Wednesday, and they generally leave on Saturdays.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SEVERN
               



            . I saw the cask weighed; it weighed 15 cwt. 2 qr. 23 lbs. I saw Fowler about an hour afterwards - I questioned him on the subject of the deficiency; he said he knew nothing about it: I told him to attend me the next morning; he said he would come at eleven o'clock, but he did not, and I have not seen him since. The value of the sugar deficient is about 70 s.; there were three days wages due to Fowler - he has never called for them. Neither of the prisoners were ever employed by us.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOOD
               



            . I now drive Fowler's waggon. On the third day after Fowler was gone I found, on moving the puncheon beds in the waggon, a handkerchief, a knife, an adze, a small crow-bar, a piece of hoop, and a rope: they would be of use in raising up the tins of the hogsheads, and nailing them on again.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth-street. I was employed to finding the prisoners; I took Fenn at his master's, on the 20th of November; I had no difficulty in finding him.
JOHN WINNING re-examined. Some weeks after this affair I saw two men, whom I suspected were concerned - I waited till they came up the road; it was Fenn and James, in conversation together; I got within a few yards of them, and Fenn held his head up, then spoke to James, and went away - James came to me; they must have seen me before they separated; there was a dray by the side of the road - James passed behind the dray, and I went round the front, to meet him - James then ran away; I called Stop thief! and two men stopped him.
KIMLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FENN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
JAMES - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
