






1401. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     NEAL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of October
, two bundles of worsted yarn, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Zachary 
                     Langton
                  



               
             and others, his partners.
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Holman
                  



               
            .


                  JOSIAH 
                  MASON
               



            . I am foreman to Messrs. Brown and Co., carpet manufacturers, Kidderminster. On the 1st of October I saw a bale packed up to be conveyed to Birmingham, and from there to London; it contained fifty-two gross of No. 22, worsted yarn; it was in separate parcels, of about 6 1/2 lbs. each. I have seen the bale since, in London.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Can you swear to this identical yarn - A. No. I know No. 22 yarn, but cannot swear that it is the yarn which I packed; I marked the sheet, and saw it delivered to the Birmingham carrier, with a bill of parcels, to 
               
                  John 
                  Farmer
               



            ; they were put loose into a sheet, with no mark upon each parcel, but No. 22, on a small ticket; the maker puts that on - they are printed figures.


                  GEORGE 
                  HEXHAM
               



            . I am a carter to Messrs. Pickford and Co.; 
               
                  Zachary 
                  Langton
               



             is one of the partners. On the 7th of October I was employed to carry a bale from the City-road Canal, to the Tower Wharf, to go to Norwich - this is the bale - I put it into the waggon. 
               
                  John 
                  Holman
               



             is the carrier; the bale was in good condition - that was about four o'clock. I saw it the next morning, and it was then cut open at the end; a man could take out parcels from it very easily. I afterwards saw a parcel brought back by the officer.
Cross-examined. Q. You put this bale into the waggon in the afternoon, and saw it again the next morning about nine o'clock - A. Yes; it was then in the waggon - it had been to the Tower Wharf. I know it to be was the same - I know it by the mark
"178 and R.S."


                  JOHN 
                  HOLMAN
               



            . I am book carrier to Messrs. Pickford's. I drove the waggon on that evening to Iron-gate Wharf, in the City. I went down the Minories, and when I got to the wharf, I discovered that the bale had been cut; there appeared a large hole and something out of it. I brought it back and saw it weighed the next morning - it weighed 13 lbs. less. I saw one of the parcels weighed the next morning, which weighed 6 1/2 lbs.


                  JOHN 
                  SHIELDS
               



            . I am a Thames Police Surveyor; about seven o'clock on the evening of the 7th of October, I met the two prisoner on Tower-hill. I stopped Jones with a parcel of worsted yarn wrapped up in his apron. I asked him how he got it - Neal had a bundle likewise; they said they had brought it from over the water, from a person of the name of Watts. I asked if they had a bill of parcels; they said No. 4 said I should take them to the watch-house. I look Jones, and Fogg took Neal; they said they were going to take the yarn to Mr. Sims, Cow-lane, Mile-end. I went over the water, but could find no such person as Watts.


                  JAMES 
                  FOGG
               



            . I am an officer, and was with Shields. I saw the two prisoners coming from Iron-gate Wharf. I stopped Neal with the bundle of yarn in his apron, and asked what he had got; he said he did not know, that he got it from Jones. I asked if he had been over the water with Jones - he said No; he met him on Tower-Hill. I told Jones next morning that he had given us a deal of trouble in going over the water, when there was no such person; he then said,
"I will tell you the truth, we bought it of an old lagger, and gave 5 s. for it;" they were then handcuffed together - both repeated the same words.


                  JAMES 
                  DELCOUR
               



            . On the 8th of October I examined this bale of yarn, when it was brought back; there was a gash across it, and it weighed 13 lbs. short of 3 cwt.; it would have made up the weight with these two bundles.


                  JOSIAH 
                  MASON
               



            . The yarn is spun in the same manner, is of the same wool, and is of the same appearance. I will not undertake to swear to it.
NEAL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
