






2066. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  ANSELL
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  NICHOLSON
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of September
, 1 wooden till, value 2s.,: 2 shillings, and 8s. in copper monies
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Harris
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am daughter of William Harris, a baker
, of Cleveland-street, St. Pancras


. On the 16th of September, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I left the shop for four or five minutes - when I returned a man came in and asked if I had lost a till; I looked, and the till was gone - I had seen it safe a short time before; I do not know what money was in it; I should think about 16s. - the man told me a young fellow in a sailor's jacket took it - I went out and saw the two prisoners together in Warren-street - they were walking slowly together, as if they were sharing something in their aprons - they looked behind them, saw me, and ran directly - I cried Stop thief! the people ran, and Ansell was taken in Grafton-street; the till was picked up in Southampton-street; I saw it in the street, but there was no money in it; just before I came up to the prisoner Ansell let down part of his apron; I did not hear any thing fall, but just at that spot a number of halfpence were found; I am sure of Nicholson's person, but he was not taken at that time.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you seen Nicholson since? A. Yes; on the day following he came past with some other boys; he was walking along; I was told he was the same person, by the man who saw him take the till out - I came to the door and saw him; I was within about ten yards of him - he saw us, and made off very fast down the street - I did not give him into custody, because he was out of the way; their backs were towards me when I pursued them, but they turned, and I saw their faces sufficient to be sure of them - I turned into Southampton-street, where they were walking together; Nicholson was taken up that day month.
COURT. Q. When you saw Nicholson the next day, had he the same dress? A. Yes; I told his mother I was certain he was the person - he came the next day.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you say you swore to him because you saw him the next day, but if you had not you could not? A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  CROSBY
               



            . On the 16th of September I was near Mr. Harris' shop, and saw the two prisoners come and stand by the railing - Nicholson had a blue jacket and trousers on, and the other an apron and fustian coat - I saw them about ten minutes, and then Ansell went to the corner of Warren-mews; I saw Nicholson come out of the shop with a sort of box in his hand - he went to Ansell, and gave it into his apron; I heard some money rattle: they both went off together - I went and told what I saw; Miss Harris came out of the shop, inquiring for the till.
Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. I am apprentice to a stenciller. I had seen Ansell before - I was looking at Nicholson, but my observation of him was less than of Ansell; he had no hat on.


                  CHARLES 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I live in Rathbone-place. I was in Grafton-street, about six hundred yards from the shop, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I saw Ansell, and stopped him - a young man said, "He is wanted - there is a young woman coming;" this young lady came up, and said, "What have you done with our till?" he said, "I know nothing about it;" I took him back the way the people said he had come, and took up several pieces of coin - I found this till in Southampton-street.(Till produced and sworn to.)
ANSELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
NICHOLSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
