







                  MARY JANE 
                  FIELD
               




             was again indicted, 


               for stealing, on the 11th of March
, 7 spoons, value 20s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 12s.; and 1 napkin, value 1s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Adams
               




            .
JOHN ADAMS. I live in Kensington Gore


. On the 11th of March, while I was at dinner, the prisoner came to look at some lodgings; my aunt and another person went up stairs with her - the property was afterwards missed, and has not been found.


                  ANN 
                  SLOW BRITT
               



            . I live with the prosecutrix's aunt. I was there when the prisoner came - my cousin went up stairs with her, and then she went away; she came again about four o'clock, and said the lady approved of the terms, and that she lived servant with her, at No. 23, Brompton; she ordered tea, and I got it ready; I put four tea spoons and the sugar-tongs on the table, and the napkin was on a table in the next room; she said she wanted two spoons, which I let her have - she asked for some small plates, which I got and then lighted the fire; she then asked for another spoon for the salt which she had - she came down with me, and asked for a plate to fetch some butter, which I gave her - she then ran up stairs for her bonnet, came down and went out; I went up stairs directly she was gone - I missed the spoons, tongs, and napkin; I came down and went after her, but could not find her till she was taken up - she said I had not occasion to prosecute her, and she would tell me where the things were - but when she got to the watch-house she said she could not recollect where she had pawned them, and then said a companion of her's had pawned them.


                  JOHN 
                  WEALD
               



            . I took up the prisoner, but none of the property has been found.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
