





THIRD DAY, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 7.
29. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of November
, 60 lbs. of lead, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas Philip 
                           Weddel
                        




Lord Grantham
, and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
MR. BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  FRANCIS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am a watchman, my beat is in Charles-street, St. James's-square


. On the 13th of November, about half-past two o'clock in the morning, I was opposite Lord Grantham's house, and heard glass break. I immediately went to search, and on the square side of the house, I found two pieces of lead on the top of the scullery in the area, cut off and rolled up, and one piece cut off and not rolled up, the porter was called up - I stood in the square to prevent an escape; I went into the area with the porter, he got up on the scullery, and found it was cut from there - we found the prisoner concealed under a water cistern; I took him to the watch-house, and found a large knife on him, which appeared to have cut the lead, it was crooked pointed as if made for the purpose, and had lime on it, we found sixty-eight pounds of lead, which I saw matched to the place, it fitted; there appeared to have been as much more taken away - I know it was all safe the beginning of the night, as I saw it.


                  THOMAS 
                  FENNILL
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  P. Weddel
               



             Lord Grantham, who lives in St. James's-square. I was alarmed, I was up at the time, and searched with Harrison in the area - I got up on the scullery, there was a deal of lead taken off, and two pieces rolled up, and one piece cut but not rolled - I could see nobody at first, I went a second time on the other side of the scullery, and found the prisoner concealed under the cistern, I had locked the area myself, he must have got over the rails - I called to him to come out, he came out at the second call, and pretended to have been asleep, he surrendered quietly, the lead was entire the day before; the prisoner had a blue livery jacket on, with a fleur-de-lis on the button.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BARNARD
               



            . I am a patrol. I went to Lord Grantham's, on hearing glass fall, and found the lead cut away - I had been there a quarter of an hour before, it was safe then, the prisoner was found under the cistern, a knife was found on him, which appeared to have been used in cutting lead - I saw the lead fitted.


                  EDMUND 
                  PEPPER
               



            . On the 13th of November, the prisoner was brought to the watch-house - I found the knife in his waistcoat pocket, with lime on it, I fitted the lead to the scullery, it corresponded.
Prisoner's Defence. I was shut out of my lodging - I met a man who gave me a half-crown, I walked through the square into Pall Mall, it was near one o'clock, I got over the railing, and sat down in the area, and was asleep when the man called me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
