





765. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  LEE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of February
, 1 dressing-box, value 18s.; 8 glasses, with silver tops, value 3l.; 1 pencil-case, value 1s.; 1 silver knife, value 2s.; 1 silver spoon, value 3s.; 1 deskseal, value 3s.; 2 snuff-boxes, silver mounted, value 10s.; 2 gold seals, value 4l.; 2 ivory handle knives, value 5s.; 2 razors, value 5s.; 2 pairs of scissars, value 5s.; 1 bodkin, value 6s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 6d.; 1 cork-screw, value 1s.; 1 pair of boot-hooks, value 4s.; 1 button-hook, value 2d.; 2 brushes, value 1s., and 1 razor-strop, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Robert Edward 
                  Gifford
               




            .

LIEUTENANT
 ROBERT EDWARD GIFFORD. I belong to the 10th Hussars
, and now live at Ipswich. On the 24th of December I came, in a chaise, to Hounslow barracks


, and put my packing-case into the passage of the barracks, about three or half-past three o'clock in the afternoon - I missed it in about an hour and a half; it contained the articles stated in the indictment - it cost me more than 30l.; I found the case, and part of the contents, in pawn at Guest's - the case, and most of the articles, had my crest on them.


                  JOHN 
                  GUEST
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 3d of March this dressing case, with the bottom out of it, was brought to me by the prisoner - I lent 10s. on it - it had been broken open to get the contents, the lock being a patent one - it had a few of the steel instruments in it - the prisoner had brought some of the silver articles to me on the 24th of February - they all had Mr. Gifford's crest on them - I advanced 50s. on them - he stated, on the 24th of February, that the case belonged to an Irish officer, who had lost the key and could not open it, without the servant's breaking it; after he got it open, and got out what he wanted, he had told the servant he might have it for his pains - he said he had not got all the contents with him, but would bring the case. On the 26th of February I wrote to the commanding officer at Hounslow, and advertised it, but heard nothing for a long time. On the 5th of March a woman, who passed as the prisoner's wife, came with two gold seals - I asked where her husband was - she went out and fetched him in - I sent for an officer, and gave him in charge - he said the property was stolen by somebody else, and given, or sold to him - he was remanded till Mr. Gifford came up.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LUMBER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. White, an officer of the Lancers. On the 24th of December, I recollect Lieutenant Gifford coming to the barracks - I heard his box had been stolen three days afterwards - the prisoner, at that time, was living at the barracks, as servant to Lieutenant Phillips, at the barracks - I never heard of his master losing a box, or of any other officer losing one, except the prosecutor - the prisoner remained in the barracks for three weeks or a month; I heard him talking in the stable about an officer of the 10th having lost a box - this was the same week as the robbery.
Prisoner. That man would injure me if he could. Witness. I never differed with him - we parted very good friends; he shook hands with me when he left.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRINKWATER
               



            . I am a constable, and took the prisoner in charge at Guest's. I took him down to Ipswich, as he said he had bought the property of a man belonging to the 10th; he pointed a man out - I took him before a Magistrate, and brought both to London.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the articles from a servant of the 10th of Hussars, a few days before they marched from Hounslow, but he denies the charge, and I have no witnesses to prove it - he trumped up an idle story of my having told him I had lost a cloak belonging to an officer I once lived with - the officer's brother has refuted that charge. I could prove I was in a canteen at Hounslow at the time of the robbery; a person came to town for that purpose, but being poor was obliged to return. One of the men told the Magistrate that I said I supposed the waggoner had stolen the property; another stated, I said I supposed it must be the post-boy, but I did not know the articles were lost, and could not have said any thing of the sort - I have been in the regiment twenty-six years; the servant came to me, and asked if I was not going to be discharged out of the regiment - I said, Yes - he said he had some articles for sale, for his master was going to Portugal, and having lost the key of his case, he had broken the lock open and gave him his case, having bought another - he said he would let me have the whole for 2l., as he was going on the march and could not carry them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
