






2062. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BORNE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September

, 1 shift, value 1s., and 1 shawl, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Peowrie
               



            ; and 
               
                  ANN 
                  PAGET
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said goods, knowing them to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  PEOWRIE
               



            . I am the wife of Samuel Peowrie, a printer
, of Turk-street, Bethnal-green



; Borne is my son by a former husband - he lodged with us. On the 16th of September, he did not come home all night; on the 24th of September, I went out between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I fastened the door inside, and got out of the window, and missed my shift and shawl, which I had laid down the night before when I went to bed; Borne came home between eight and nine that evening but I did not say anything to him then, as my husband had been such a very bad man to him; in the morning, I asked him where he had been, and whether he knew any thing of this shift and shawl - he made me no answer; I asked him again, and he told me he had been at Mrs. Paget's, and slept in a pig-sty, with four other boys, and in the morning she told him he must go and steal a quartern-loaf and a piece of meat; I went to the house he described, and Mrs. Cushion stopped till Paget came home; I then went, and saw my shawl lying across a stove; I then said "This is mine," and Mrs. Cushion said to her "What else have you got?" - she said a shift, she took it out of a drawer, and said she bought them of a little boy in a seal-skin cap, and a light dress, who said he got them out of a swagbasket, such as women carry their clothes in on their arms: Mrs. Cushion said "Mrs. Paget, you perfectly well know that these clothes were stolen, and you knew me well;" she said Yes; Mrs. Cushion then said "How came you to harbour my boy here for five nights, and send him out thieving;" she said "I did not know your boy, or I would have put him in bed with my boy" - she said to me "And your's too;" I said "What do you know of me or mine?" and she said if I would bring the little boy, she would give up the things to him.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  CUSHION
               



            . I went to Paget's house; she had had my boy five nights and six days from home; when I saw her I said "How came you to harbour my child;" she said "Don't make a noise - come in;" I went in, and the witness said "This shawl is mine;" I said to Paget "What did you buy with that?" she said a shift, she got it out of a drawer, and said she bought it of a little boy with a light dress and a seal-skin cap; that she took him by the hand, and took him behind the counter, and asked where he got it; he said from a feeder, which she said was a basket to carry things to Petticoat-lane; I said "You knew it was stolen;" she said "I gave a full price for it," but did not say what; the boy said she gave him 3d. for it.


                  JAMES 
                  HANLEY
               



            . I went to the house on the 24th, and took Paget. Mrs. Peowrie went and fetched Borne; I said I had come to search for a shift and shawl - she produced these; I asked Borne where he got them - he saidhe stole them from his mother, and sold them to Paget for 3d.; Paget said she bought them of him, but he told her his mother sent him to sell them.
BORNE's Defence. I went home, and my brother was there; he went up stairs, I went out, and shut up the place as I found it.
PAGET's Defence (written.) My Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury, - I am a married woman; I keep a shop
 in St. John-street, Bethnal-green; my neighbours are in the habit of sending their children to borrow money on trifling articles, such as the pawnbrokers will not take in; such was the case with the prosecutor's son; he brought the few old things to my shop, and what he asked for them he had, telling him, at the same time, he might have them again when he got the money; a short time after a woman came into the shop - the things were lying on the table- she saw the things, as any one else might, but nothing was said about them; a few days after, the prosecutor came with the officer, and asked for the articles; I laid my hand on them, and gave them to him, without any thoughts of any thing wrong, only I thought she wanted the things without the money I had given for them; when before the Magistrate, I was surprised to hear the woman witness swear she heard me say I knew them to have been stolen - neither had I heard the words before; but after I understood the woman's character, I did not wonder at her false swearing; her name is Cushion, and has a son to be tried this Sessions. (See the 3rd day, page 960.)
BORNE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.





               Judgment Respited.
            

PAGET - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
