





604. 
               
                  JANE 
                  BURT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of January
, 2 sovereigns, 1 half crown, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        Saul 
                        Josephs
                     




                  , from his person
            .
SAUL JOSEPHS. I am shopman
 to Mr. Phillips, a clothes salesman, of Shoreditch. On Sunday night, the 20th of January, about twenty minutes past eleven o'clock, I was in Kingsland-road


, coming from the Canal-bridge towards Shoreditch-church - I was sober; I saw three women standing together - I passed them about three feet, when the prisoner followed me, and asked if I would go back a little way - I said, "Don't bother me, I have no time to stop;" I walked on, and she kept talking to me: when we got on about twenty-five yards she got right in front of me, and put her hand to the flap of my trowsers - I drew my right hand out of my trowsers pocket to keep her off; I had at that time my money in my pocket - there were two sovereigns, two half crowns, and one sixpence; I had not taken my hand out of my pocket two minutes before I felt her hand come from my pocket - I think it was her left hand; I immediately felt, and found only a half crown left - I took her by the wrist, and said she had robbed me, and if she did not return my money I would give her in charge; she said she wanted to stop a minute, and turned up a street - I followed her, and kept hold of her hand till she stooped down - I stood as close to her as I thought decent, to watch if she threw the money away, as I thought it was only a pretence - she was stooping down for about a minute; when she got up, I said if she did not return my money I would give her in charge - I caught hold of her right hand; Mr. Mantz was passing - I asked him for assistance; he caught hold of her hand, and told her she had better give me my money - I called the watchman; she then gave me some money, saying,"Here is 18d. for you;" when I got it in my hand, I said it was a sovereign and a sixpence - I was then holding one hand, and Mr. Mantz the other; I had told Mantz I had lost two sovereigns and some silver before she gave me the 18d.; two watchmen came up - I then had the sovereign and sixpence in my hand - I held it to the light to shew that it was a sovereign and a sixpence; I desired a watchman to go behind her with a light, as we went to the watch-house - on the road she said she had dropped a halfpenny - somebody picked it up, and said it was half a crown - I had heard something drop.
Cross-examined by MR.PHILLIPS. Q. Does your master keep a shop? A. Yes - we do not buy any thing- I attend the shop; no sovereign was found on the prisoner; I did not feel her put her hand into my pocket - it is a large one, and has no button; I was standing at the time; I had been part of the way to Dalston with a gentleman - I had been at the Eagle, in the City-road, and had had three glasses of gin and water between three of us; I swear I gave the prisoner no money whatever, and had no intention of going with her; I told Bevan, the watchman, I had lost a sovereign and some silver; as one sovereign had then been returned.
Q. After she was searched, did not you say she robbed you of one sovereign and 6s.? A. I did not - I did not ask her for 2l. at the office.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHRISTOPHER MANTZ
               



            . I am a printer, and live in Brick-lane, Spitalfields. I was coming along Kingsland-road, and by a street opposite some alms-houses I saw the prosecutor and prisoner in altercation; the prosecutor said,
"If you are a gentleman I hope you will stop and act as such - this woman has robbed me;" I asked what he was robbed of - he mentioned a sovereign and some silver pieces, but what I do not recollect; she said she had not robbed him, and had only 2s., which he had given her; I said, "Has he been with you?" and she said, No; I said, "Then give him the 2s., and save yourself from the watch-house" - she then began to struggle, as if inclined to fight - I took hold of her left hand, which was clenched tight - she directly opened it, and gave the prosecutor two pieces of money; I do not think she said what they were - the watchman then came up and as they took her along the prosecutor said to me, "She thinks she has given me 2s., but, by the weight of it, one is a sovereign;" he opened his hand at the lamp, and there was a sovereign and a sixpence; when we were in Thomas-street, the prisoner said, "I have dropped a halfpenny" - I saw something fall, and heard it - I picked it up, and it was half a crown; I kept it till we got to the watch-house, and there marked it.
Cross-examined. Q. When she said she had dropped a halfpenny, had any one hold of her hands? A. I think not - there was a watchman on each side of her; the prosecutor walked very close to her - she gave the first intimation of it; I was very near her, and cannot say whether anything might fall from her without my seeing it; I did not notice any body behind her with a light.
Q. When she gave the prosecutor the money, did he say one was a 6d.? A. Not that I recollect, but I did not take much notice; she did not say, "Here is 18d."


                  EVAN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard a call of Watch! and went up; I saw the prisoner held by the prosecutor and Mantz; he said she had robbed him of two sovereigns and some silver; he could not tell how much -she denied it; she had 2s., which she said he had given her to go with him, but she did not like to do so: he said,"Here is a sovereign and 6d., which she calls 18d." As we took her to the watch-house, she dropped something from her side, in Thomas-street; I said, "What is that?" she said "Only a half-penny" - it was picked up, and was a half-crown.
Cross-examined. Q. He could not tell how much silver he had lost? A. Not exactly; they were about twelve yards up a new street, and running up to the road: I saw them, before Mr. Mantz came up, walking together; and, in about five minutes there was a quarrel - I did not see her stoop.
COURT. Q. Did you not tell the Magistrate you saw them standing and taking before you went up? A. I did.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BEVAN
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoner was brought in and charged by the prosecutor with taking his money; I asked him what, he said 47s. or 48s. - that there were two sovereigns, a half-crown, and the rest in silver. I had joined them in the street, and think the half-crown fell from under her petticoats in Thomas-street; she said."Never mind, it is only a halfpenny;" I said, "Let us look," and it was a half-crown.
Cross-examined. Q. Were not some halfpence found on her? A. I heard so; I think she said it was only a halfpenny, before any one said she had dropped something; but I cannot say whether she or Mantz spoke first.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM WINTLE
               



            . I searched the prisoner at the watch-house, and found four shillings, three pence, and two halfpence upon her, but no sovereigns - the prosecutor was rather fresh; he said she had robbed him of two sovereigns and some odd silver, and had given him back, as she said, eighteen shillings.
Cross-examined. Q. What did he say he had lost next morning? A. A sovereign, half-a-crown, and a shilling or sixpence - I believe he said at night it was 47s. or 48s., but she had given him back a sovereign and half; but he could not tell till the morning what silver he had lost - he appeared to know what he was about, but rather fresh.
COURT. Q. Had he not his faculties about him? A. Yes; he was confused for a moment.
Prisoner. I leave myself to the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Life
            .
