






639. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     HAGGERTY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CATHARINE 
                     MAHONEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of May
, 23 lbs. of rope, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Brocklebank
                  




               
            .
MR. ARABIN conducted the prosecution.


                  MARK 
                  WILKS
               



            . I am a Thames Police surveyor. On the 13th of May, about eight o'clock in the morning, I was at Blackwall, and saw the prisoners coming from where Mr. Brocklebank's rafters lay; Haggerty had a bag on her head, containing 23 lbs. of raft-rope - Mahoney was six or seven yards behind her. Haggerty had a case-knife in her hand, which she endeavoured to throw away as soon as I took her, I asked her where she got the rope from? she said she picked it up in the mud, but directly after she said she cut it from the rafters - it appeared fresh cut. I examined the knife, and found it had fresh tar on the edge, as if it had been used in cutting rope. Mahoney said she was to receive part of the profit on it.


                  GEORGE 
                  HITCHINGS
               



            . I am a timber-rafter, in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brocklebank
               



            , who is a timber-merchant
. He had timber lashed at Blackwall


; I can swear to one piece of rope by a knot which I tied in it myself. I left the rope on the rafters, and know it to be the same - it had been cut, and I made it fast again. I have the other end of the rope here, which matches.


                  DANIEL 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I was in the prosecutor's service up to the time the prisoners were apprehended, and saw them come from the raft with the bag. I saw the rope safe between six and seven o'clock, and when I saw them coming I found it cut in three different places. They had been cut the week before, and I replaced them.
HAGGERTY'S Defence. I was never there but twice in my life.
HAGGERTY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MAHONEY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
