





1403. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of September
, one cart, value 6 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Moxley
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MOXLEY
               



            . I keep a cow-yard
 in the Mile End-road


. The cart was taken from the cow-yard, I missed it in the morning, and found it in Hackney-road, by the side of the road. One of the shafts of it being broken I was obliged to get another cart to take it away. I saw a man coming across the road, and asked him if the cart belonged to him; he said Yes. It was Williams. I took it home.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . On the 11th of September, in the morning, the prisoner came to buy a horse of me, I asked him three guineas and a half for it - he offered me three guineas - I refused - he then wanted me trust him till Sunday with it, which I also refused; he said he had a good cart to sell, or he would leave it my hands until he paid me. I went to look at it in Red Cow-lane, and brought it home, we afterwards agreed to change the horse for the cart; and as soon as he got the horse he took it to the horse-boiler's to sell it; the horse-boiler stopped it - he came to me to say I sold it to him. I went and said he bought it of me for a cart; the boiler said he supposed the cart was stolen, and detained the horse while I enquired about it, and when I got home Moxley was looking at the cart. Two or three days after I found the prisoner, and had him secured; he escaped while I fetched an officer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NICHOLLS
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on the 28th of September, he said he stole the cart.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
