





617. 
               
                  MARIA 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, a purse, value 6 d., three sovereigns and two half-pence, the property of 
                     
                        Curtis 
                        Chapman
                     




                  , from his person
            .
CURTIS CHAPMAN. I live in Radnor-street, and am a watch spring maker
. On the 8th of March between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I was going towards home, and the prisoner accosted me at the corner of Rotten-row, Goswell-street


; and asked me for a few half-pence, being in distress - I gave her nothing; she seized me by the arm, and when we got to the top of Rotten-row, she appeared to be in liquor, and exclaimed
"Here is my husband." I looked round and she ran off, and turned into Old-street; I had a purse with three sovereigns and some old half-pence, In my left hand waistcoat pocket; I clapped my hand to my side, and missed it - I pursued her, but did not come up with her; I supposed I had passed her - I then turned back to where I had first seen her - I there saw the watchman, and told him what had happened - I went to the watch-house, and told the officer, and went with him to a house of ill-fame, where I found the child which she has now in her arms; by the officers advice, I placed myself opposite the house, after changing my light coat which I had on - she came to the house soon after with another female; they had previously changed bonnets; the watchman seized her before she got into the house; I said
"That is the woman who robbed me;" and the moment I said so, my purse fell on the ground; it then contained two sovereigns, a half sovereign, two half crowns, and sixpence - I am quite certain it was mine, and that she is the woman.
Prisoner. The prosecutor is the father of the child I have now in my arms; and he had been drinking with me at several public houses that night. Witness. I never saw her or the child before in my life.


                  ROBERT 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a watchman. I was crying twelve o'clock, when the prosecutor came to me, and said he had been robbed; he described the person, and I told him to wait, and in the course of half an hour I had no doubt I should find her; we went to the house - I hid my light under my coat, the prisoner came up with another womanin about a quarter of an hour; I caught hold of her, and said,
"I want you" - she said she was going home; the prosecutor came up and said,
"That is the woman who robbed me;" I then heard the purse fall on the ground; she said she was innocent - I took her the watch-house, and a woman brought the child to her; she lodged at the house where the child was; I had never seen the prosecutor in company with her.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATTS
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house; she denied having had the purse, or knowing the man at all; but when we got to Hatton-garden, she said he was the father of the child; I had never seen the prosecutor with her before.
(Purse produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor never allowed me any maintenance for the child; and about a week before I was taken, I asked him to give me the price of a pair of shoes - we went to a shop, and he said they were too dear; then we went to another shop, and while the woman went to get some more shoes, he wanted me to take a pair and run away; I then came out, and he said he would give me some the week afterwards; I met him with the child in my arms and we had something to drink - I went home and put the child to bed - then I met the other young woman and we all went together, and had some more to drink; he took me aside, and gave me the purse which I had myself given to him last Bartholomew fair; I went back and took the young woman with me - when I got near home the watchman took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
