






1275. 
               
                  ALEXANDER 
                  SANDERS
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  SCHWARTZ
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of August
, a set of chaise-harness, value 6 l.; two chaise-lamps, value 1 l.; an umbrella, value 2 s., and two candles, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        John Conrad 
                        Hopke
                     



                  ; a handkerchief, value 1 s.; a flute, value 3 s.; two books, value 3 s., and a looking-glass, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Rawlinson
               



            .
THOMAS RAWLINSON. I am groom
 to Mr. Hopke, who lives in Ratcliff-highway, and is a surgeon
. I had the care of his stables. On the 14th of August I fastened his stable-door, on Chickweed-hill


, about half-past eleven o'clock at night, leaving the articles stated in the indictment there. I went next morning about half-past seven - I found the lock had been broken off, and put on again - I picked up the cork of a phosphorus bottle in the stable; and my neckcloth, which I had left in the stable, was brought to me by the officer on Monday morning.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BRITTLE
               



            . I live in George-yard, Whitechapel. The prisoner Sanders was my lodger, but I know nothing of Schwartz except by seeing him call on Sanders. On Saturday, the 13th of August, Sanders slept at home, but I do not know what time he came in. I generally go to bed about half-past ten o'clock, and leave the street door open for my lodgers. There were four other lodgers in the house.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CLEMENGEE
               



            . I lived at Mrs. Brittle's. On Sunday morning, the 14th of August, I was in the backyard about twenty minutes past one o'clock. I saw a man come down stairs with a collar in his left hand, and a flute in his right. Schwartz followed him down stairs, and Sanders came after him with a bag of harness, which I saw at the mouth of the bag. Schwartz took the bag, and went away with the man who had the collar.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you lived there? A. About three years. I had no quarrel with Sanders. I have always said the mouth of the bag was open. I get my living by mending a few shoes, or selling fruit at the market.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer. I heard of this on Sunday evening, and from the description of the persons, I went to the prisoners' lodgings on Monday morning, between three and four oclock. I found Sanders on the bed with a woman - he had his clothes on, and two women and another man were in another bed - I took them all to the office, and they were examined. When I went in, this piece of wax candle was burning. I found this looking-glass, these keys, a vice, a file, and some other tools, and phosphorus box without a cork. I afterwards had this cork given to me by the servant, it fits the box exactly. On Sanders I found this handkerchief round his neck, a broken padlock, and this book, which Rawlinson claims; about ten o'clock that morning, Schwartz came to him with a mug of tea, and I took him.
Cross-examined. Q. How many persons were there in the room? A. Two men and three women; I saw a young woman named Webster there - she did not tell me then that these articles did not belong to them, but she has said so since.
THOMAS RAWLINSON re-examined. Q. Can you swear to these candles? A. No; but I left some candles of this description in the lamps on the Saturday night - this glass and neckcloth are my own - I have not seen the harness nor the lamps since.
JOHN CONRAD HOPKE. I heard of this on the Sunday morning - this handkerchief is one of twelve which I gave to my servant; I believe the mark has been picked out out of it.
Three witnesses gave Schwartz a good character.
SANDERS - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 42.
SCHWARTZ - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
