






SIXTH DAY. TUESDAY, JULY 9, 1822.
1068. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WESTBROOK
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     STROUD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of June
, one set of chaise harness, value 5 l.; two brushes, value 3 s.; one curry comb, value 1 s., and one live tame fowl, price 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Broxholm
               




            .
Mr. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SEXTON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Robert 
                  Broxholm
               



            , who lives at Sunbury. The prisoner live about twelve yards off. On the 1st of June, at half-past eight o'clock, I left the stable safe, and at half-past six o'clock in the morning I found the harness taken and thrown about the hen-house; a hen, the curry comb, and brushes were gone. I found the curry comb and brushes in a pig-stye, close by. A man in Westbrook's house could drop them over there. The stable window was broken open.


                  JOHN 
                  BARRENGER
               



            . I am a fisherman, and live next door to Westbrook, and Stroud lives next door to him. On the night of the 1st of June, about half-past twelve o'clock, I was awoke by a noise - I opened the window, looked out, and saw Westbrook in his yard, within about a yard of his own door; it was moon-light - I said,
"Halloo! Thomas, what are you up to now?" he made no answer, but put himself against his back door, as if to hide himself, and in five or ten minutes returned, and I heard him say,
"D - n it, it won't do, Tom, for Barrenger has opened his window, and seen me." Stroud was at that time up in Mr. Broxholm's loft. I heard a trampling on the sticks. He picked up something, and threw it into the loft window - I then saw Stroud come out of the loft window. I am positive of him, and believe Westbrook to be the other man, but will not swear to him. The man was in his yard, but his brother lodges with him, and they are nearly alike. Next morning Mr. Broxholm called on me; I would not tell him anything about it, as I was afraid of my life. I have a doubt whether it was Westbrook; he spoke very low, I could not distinguish his voice. I am certain of Stroud.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEATH
               



            . I live close to the prosecutor's yard, and know both the prisoners. On the 1st of June, at twelve o'clock at night, I heard a noise, listened, and in about a quarter of an hour heard it again; I opened the window, and looked out, but the trees hindered my seeing the premises.


                  MARY 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Broxholm. I heard a noise just after twelve o'clock, opened the window, but could see nothing, and in about half an hour I heard footsteps, and the fowls making a noise.


                  GEORGE 
                  BOYCE
               



            . I found a curry comb, two brushes, and a hen, on the 5th of June, close under the pails, between the prosecutor's and Stroud's garden.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MR. ADOLPHUS on behalf of the prisoner Westbrook called


                  WILLIAM 
                  WESTBROOK
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother; we are fishermen. On the 1st of June, at eight o'clock at night, I met him at my brother James's, and we agreed to go out fishing, between ten and eleven o'clock; we went from there to the White Horse, public-house; we got there a few minutes after eight o'clock - we staid there till half-past ten o'clock, then went to my brother's, took the nets out, and went fishing to Walton, and did not return till four o'clock in the morning, My brother was not out of my sight.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. How do you know the time - A. I heard the clock strike when we were on the water. My son and brother were in the boat with us; we got to Walton at twenty minutes past twelve o'clock - we stoppedthere a very little while, and only fitted the nets in, and worked away; my brother and son went ashore to tow the boat up, and I was in the boat keeping it out with a pole. 
               
                  James 
                  Ring
               



             called to us at Walton, and just as the clock struck one Hubbard called to us.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WESTBROOK
               



            , JUN. I am the son of the last witness. On the evening of the 1st of June, I was with my father and uncle, at the White Hart, public-house, Sunbury, and went out fishing. We got on board about twenty minutes to eleven o'clock - the prisoner was with us; we went to Walton, fitted the nets, and came away fishing; we continued fishing till four o'clock. My uncle was not out of my sight.
Cross-examined. Q. How do you know the time - A. It was half-past ten o'clock when we left the White Horse, and it took us ten minutes to get the nets out.
Q. You all three kept in your punts - A. Yes. I got out when Hubbard called to us, and I got ashore to tow the boat up, at half-past twelve o'clock. The prisoner and I towed.
MR. ADOLPHUS to BARRENGER. Q. When you went before the Magistrate, did you not tell him that your eyes had deceived you, and you was not sure of the man - A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  READ
               



            . I work on the water. On Saturday night, the 1st of June, I saw 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Westbrook
               



             within about a mile of Sunbury - he was ashore by the river side; it was a quarter past twelve o'clock; he said,
"Jem, is that you?" and then passed on.
Cross-examined. Q. Which way was he coming - A. Up the river to Walton; he was standing ashore doing nothing. I do not know who was in the punts - I was at Rough's public-house, between eight and nine o'clock, and heard them agree to go fishing.


                  JAMES 
                  HUBBARD
               



            . On Saturday night, the 1st of June, I had been to my father's at Chertsey, for some clean things, and as I returned I saw the prisoner and the others about half a mile from Walton, on the water, fishing. I hallooed to Tom, to shove ashore, which he did; I asked if we could get any beer anywhere; he said it was past hours, and he was busy, and must get on.
Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear you did not tell Barrenger he should not live three days if he gave evidence about this - A. I never did.
STROUD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WESTBROOK - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
