






424. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  ROBINSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of January
, a box, value 3 d., and the sum of four shillings and one penny in copper monies
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Gillett
               




            .
JOHN GILLETT. I am a baker
, and live in Upper Lisson-street


. On the 22d of January I lost my till, and some money, from my shop - I cannot tell what money there was in it - I had seen it safe about half-past ten o'clock at night. My shop is generally open till about eleven. I was in the back parlour, and no one was in the shop. I was putting up my shutters, about eleven o'clock, when some persons passed my shop, and I heard that they had taken some thieves. I called my man to mind the shop while I went to Mr. Cooper's, at the corner of Hereford-street, and saw my till, and some copper, on the counter there. The prisoners were then in custody. I then went back to my shop, and missed the till and money.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I live in Stafford-street, near Mr. Gillett's, and am a milk-man. I was passing Hereford-street on the 22d of January, and saw the two prisoners running towards me about the middle of the street. I heard one of them say to the other, "Let us go in here," meaning into the carcass of a house. I immediately hallooed over to them, "What have you got there?" and they ran off. I pursued them a short distance, and called to a watchman. He went out near them. They threw down the till, turned round and ran towards me again. I heard the money drop. They jumped down into a foundation, which is dug for some more houses. I immediately went after them, and in a few minutes a light was brought, and I took them both, concealed in two separate vaults. Robinson asked me to let him go, as he had neither father or mother. Smith asked me to let him wash his hands, which he did. I asked him why he did not apply for relief to the parish? he said it was no use.


                  RICHARD 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I am a private watchman. I saw the two lads running towards me; they dropped the till within ten yards of me, and then turned back and crossed the street. They jumped down into the foundations of some houses. I took up the till and went to Mr. Cooper's house: there was 4 s. 1 d. in copper in it. I had seen the lads before.
(Till produced and sworn to.)


                  HENRY 
                  RICHARD BUCKERIDGE
               



            . I am an officer. I took charge of the prisoners in Mr. Cooper's shop.
SMITH'S Defence. I was going home and fell over the till in the street, the other prisoner was coming by at the time, and I said, "Here is a watchman up here, we will go and tell him to advertise it."
Two witnesses gave Smith a good character.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY. Aged 15. 



                     Judgment Respited
                  
.
ROBINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
