






46. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             and 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  MINSHULL
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of November
, 1 coat, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Nugent
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     Louisa, Dowager Marchioness of Cornwallis
.


                  JOHN 
                  BOSTON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 8th of November, about a quarter past twelve o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoners in Queen Anne-street, and watched them down the areas of several gentlemen's houses; they went down, and came up again - I at last saw Williams go down the area of No. 12, Park-crescent


; Minshull stood against the area-gate of the next house, waiting for him; Williams had a blue coat and white apron on when he went down, but he came up with a white livery top-coat on - I was about eight houses off: he went up and joined Minshull, whom I seized, and Roberts took Williams. Williams said he knew nothing about it, but that a man at the corner had given him the coat - Minshull was waiting there, looking up and down the street, while Williams was in the area.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I was with Boston; his evidence is correct; I saw the prisoners go down Park-crescent together - Williams went down the area, and Minshull waited for him; he came up, and we seized them - Williams said that a man gave him the coat to carry, but there was no man in the Crescent.
THOMAS NUGENT. I am footman
 to Lady Louisa, Dowager Marchioness Cornwallis. On the 8th of November, I missed my livery coat from the servants'-hall - the two witnesses produced it, and I identified it - I suppose it is worth 2l.; her ladyship's dwelling-house is in St. Mary-le-bone parish


.
WILLIAMS - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
MINSHULL - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
Of stealing to the value of 39s. only.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
