






956. 
               
                  MARY ANN 
                  SMITH
               




             and 
               
                  ANN 
                  ROLPH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of March
, 2 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, and 122 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        Murty 
                        Driscoll
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MURTY DRISCOLL. I am a coal-porter
, and live at Blackwall. On the 12th of March I received 2 sovereigns and a half-sovereign, and 6l. 10s. in silver, there were 12 half-crowns among it, which I put into a canvas bag which was in my pocket. I saw the prisoners at a public-house at Poplar, I have known them two or three years; they asked me to treat them - I paid for some rum for them. They came out with me, and dragged me by my two arms into Sleep's-alley


; it was against my will - they forced me into a house; I was drunk; they threw me down on a bed - Smith threw me down on Rolph, and then she got upon me; Rolph laid down on her face - Smith took my bag out of my pocket; I am certain of it - it was between two and three o'clock in the day - she ran down stairs, and Smith after her.


                  THOMAS 
                  CALLAGHAN
               



            . I live in this house. I was in my own room, and saw the prisoners bring the prosecutor in; he was drunk, but seemed to know what he was about; they pulled him up stairs - I went up in a few minutes; the door was shut; I looked through the keyhole, and saw Rolph on the bed, the prosecutor on her, and Smith on him, feeling his pockets - I cannot tell whether she took anything - I went to my own room again; Smith presently came, and asked me to go and have a glass; she gave my wife 1s. to buy a frock. I went up into the room, and saw the prosecutor, who said he had been robbed.


                  MICHAEL 
                  CONNER
               



            . I live next door to the prisoners. I saw the prisoners pulling the prosecutor along into the house; I followed them soon after, and saw the door shut; I looked through the key-hole, and saw Rolph pulling him about the room, and kissing him; she said,"Mother, put the bed down:" she did so, and laid on it; Smith pushed the man down on her; she then got on him, took the bag from his pocket, and put it into her bosom; she then said, "I will put my bonnet on, and get him a drop of something" - Smith then kicked him, and he kicked her; and broke the door open; Smith came out, and said to me, "Is that you, boy, come with me, I will give you 1s." I went with her; she gave me 1s.; she pulled out the bag and said, "Here is blunt I have got, but don't say anything about it;" she thenwent into a block-maker's shop, and said, "Let me in, and I'll send for a gallon of beer." The bag seemed to contain silver. I knew both the prisoners before. I work for Mr. Cooper.


                  THOMAS 
                  OBORNE
               



            . I am an officer; a relation of the prosecutors' gave me information - I went to Rosemary-lane on Tuesday afternoon, and met the prisoners; I found on Rolph seven half-crowns, four shillings, and two sixpences; and on Smith two half-crowns - Rolph said, it was monthly wages which she had from her son; Smith said, she had seven shillings and sixpence that morning from her husband.
SMITH's Defence. My mother received two pounds ten shillings on this morning, and asked me to go with her to buy some things - I met the prosecutor and drank with him, he afterwards came to our room and said he was robbed.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
ROLPH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.





               Transported for Life
            .
