





1521. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  THORNTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June
, 3 live tame fowls, price 5s., the property of 
                     Nicholas Bell

                  ; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     Isaac Terry

                  ; and 2 blankets, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 4d., and 1 pewter pot, value 4d.
            , the goods of 
               John Boyd

            .
NICHOLAS BELL. I am a weaver
, and live in Spitalfields


. I lost three fowls from a shed in my yard on the 30th of June; I went to bed at ten o'clock at night, and was called at half-past eleven; the fowls were then in the next yard, with their heads cut off; I knew nothing of the prisoner till I saw him the next morning; he then said he knew nothing at all of them - he had gone through a passage into the yard, and could not get out, for a dog barked - the woman went and bolted the door, and he could not get back.
ISAAC TERRY. I live in the next house to Mr. Bell. I found the prisoner the next morning in my privy, with my stockings round his body; I asked him what he wanted there - he said he came up the passage; I told him to go along, and he tried to get out, but the door was bolted; I then looked further, and found two blankets down the privy.


                  MARY 
                  ANN BOYD
               



            . I am the wife of John Boyd. I saw my two blankets under the water-cock; they appeared to have been down the privy.


                  JOHN 
                  BARRS
               



            . I was sent for, and took the prisoner. I found these stockings and this handkerchief round his body.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had occasion to go to the privy - when I was coming out the door was bolted; I did not like to disturb the people, and I staid there; I picked up the handkerchief and stockings.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
