





967. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  CROCKETT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of April
, 3 half-sovereigns; 3 shillings, and 3 farthings, the monies of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        Ide
                     




                  , from his person
            .
HENRY IDE. I am a tailor
. On Sunday morning, the 23d of April, I met the prisoner, a little before ten o'clock, near Whitechapel; I had been out with a friend; I talked about going home with the prisoner - she said she would take me to a comfortable place - she was quite a stranger - I went with her - I undressed myself, and laid my clothes on the floor - she took me to a house, No. 54, Wentworth-street


 - after I put the trousers on the floor she got hold of them and picked my pocket; I had three half sovereigns (I am quite sure) when I went into the house - I had my hand upon them just before; I had my hand in my pocket frequently; I had given her no money, as she said she would leave it to my generosity; after she took my money she ran down stairs - I cried out "She has robbed me;" she was taken to the watch-house, but denied that she had got my money; I am a native of Hanover.
Prisoner. When I met him he was quite intoxicated, and he had three glasses of brandy with me. Witness. I had nothing to drink with her; there was another female there at first, when the prisoner said she would take me to a comfortable place.


                  JOHN 
                  BARRS
               



            . I am a constable. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw a parcel of people together; I heard a man had been robbed in Wentworth-street; I took the prisoner, and had great difficulty to get her to the watch-house; I found two half-sovereigns upon her, and 2s. 3 1/2d. in copper money - she refused to let me look into her hand I believe the prosecutor was as sober as I am.
PROSECUTOR re-examined. I got my trousers again - she took my clothes and laid them on the floor outside the door; I saw her drop the trousers as she went down stairs.
Prisoner's Defence. This man wanted me to be with him all day and the next night, and he gave me the money- I was very faint, and was only going to get something to eat.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
