






2160. 
               
                  CAROLINE 
                  THOMAS
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  KIRBY
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, 1 watch, value 4l.: 1 hat, value 5s.; 1 waistcoat, value 2s.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 2d.; 1 watch-key, value 6d.; 1 sovereign, 1 half-crown, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Allan
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS ALLAN. I am a painter
. About twelve o'clock at night on the 27th of September, I was going home, and met the female prisoner in Gray's Inn-lane


; I went to her lodging, and slept there all night - in the morning I missed my hat, waistcoat, watch, and money: they were safe in the room the night before, and no other person had been there - I was sober; I know nothing of the man - I do not know that I ever saw him in my life; I dressed myself, went into Gray's Inn-lane, and told the patrol; we afterwards saw the woman going into the house - she was taken and searched, but nothing was found on her.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BURN
               



            . I keep the house. The prisoner Thomas lodged with me, but I never knew her to bring men there; Kirby lodged in the house that night, and as he went out in the morning I saw him stoop, as if to pick up something.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALDER
               



            . I am a watchman. The prosecutor gave me charge of Thomas; she was very drunk, and in about an hour afterwards, I saw Kirby with a small hat on his head, which answered the description given by the prosecutor - I took him to the watch-house; he said he had found it, and did not know the party; I said the hat answered the description given by the prosecutor, of a bow tied in a buckle; he said it was his own, and he knew nothing of the woman.



                  JOHN 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am a patrol, and assisted in taking Kirby; I told him a hat was lost, and this answered the description - he said it was his own, and he had bought it - I asked where, but he would not tell me; he told the Magistrate he had picked it up - Thomas said she never saw Kirby, but he lodged in the room over her: this other hat and handkerchief in it, was found in Thomas' room; both the prisoners were drunk, but not the prosecutor.
THOMAS' Defence. I understand that Allan has received 3l. from the young man's brother, in payment for the watch; I never saw him in my life.
KIRBY's Defence. I know nothing of it; I lodged in the house - I came down that morning, and asked for a light: I stooped and picked up this hat in the passage.
THOMAS - 


               GUILTY. Aged 32. Of stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
KIRBY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
