






1234. 
               
                  
                     MATILDA 
                     DOWD
                  




               
             was indicted, for that 


               she, on the 19th of August
, a certain female child, called 
                     
                        
                           Louisa 
                           Smith
                        



                     
                  , daughter of 
                     
                        
                           Frederick William 
                           Smith
                        



                     
                  , and the late Eliza his wife, of the age of five years, maliciously and feloniously did decoy and entice away, with intent to deprive the said 
                     
                        Frederick 
                        William Smith
                     



                   of the possession of her, by concealing and detaining her from him
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating her intent to be to steal the articles of apparel and other things worn and about the person of the said child.


                  FREDERICK 
                  WILLIAM SMITH
               



            . I live in Queen-street, Percival-street, Clerkenwell


, and have a daughter named Louisa, she is five years old. On Sunday the 19th of August, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I was informed the child had been stolen, and was on its way to my house; I ran out and found the people in King-street, bringing the prisoner back with it. I had been at the parlour window all the afternoon, and saw the child at the door at six o'clock.


                  ANN 
                  FOSKETT
               



            . I live next door to Mr. Smith. On Sunday evening about half-past six or nearer seven o'clock, I saw the prisoner at Smith's door, the child was in the parlour, she stood at the railing, and beckoned her through the parlour window, I went in doors returned in two minutes, and saw her take hold of the child's hand, and walk down Queen-street with it.


                  GEORGE 
                  HART
               



            . I am a blind painter, and live in Tottenham-court-road. On Sunday the 19th of August, a little after seven o'clock, I was in Goswell-street, about a quarter of a mile from Queen-street, and saw the prisoner walking towards Old-street with this child in her arms, she going away from Queen-street, the child was repeatedly calling to be carried home and seemed uneasy. I requested her to take it home, she said she was going home; I asked where she lived, she said in Holborn. I then suspected that she did not know the way, or that it was not her child, and asked whose child it was, she said it was her own. The child kept crying to be taken home, I asked if she knew the way she was going, and told her she was not going in a direction for Holborn, and asked her what part of Holborn she lived in; she said in Hatton-garden. I asked her what number, she would not answer. I then told her the child was stolen, and I would accompany her to the watch-house or workhouse. She remained where she was, a crowd collected round, and a little girl said she had seen the child in Queen-street, we took her back to Queen-street, and on the road she said she had just come from Chelsea. The child is now in Court.
Prisoner. Q. Did I say the child was mine - A. Yes.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GRIBBLE
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was given in my charge, she said she did not mean to hurt the child. I asked her where she got it from, she said from the the corner of Red Lion-street, that she lived in Eyre-street, Hatton-garden, and had left her husband at Chelsea with three children. Several people followed us, and there was a cry of "Rescue" several times.
Prisoner's Defence. I met a man whom I had not seen for two or three years, he took me to Oxford-street. I met this child child crying, and two or three people round it, it wanted to go home, I asked where it lived, it could not tell. I took it down two or three streets to see if any one owned it.
JUROR to SMITH. Q. Can the child talk and say where it lives - A. Yes, Sir.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
