






573. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PINKNEY
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CAIN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of February
, 156lbs. of lead, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Page
                     




                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            , against the statute.
JAMES PAGE. I am a grocer
, and live in Mile-end-road


 - I have a shop there, covered with lead; there is some here, which I believe to be my property; it was fixed at the top of my shop; I missed it on the morning of the 1st of this month - it was safe on the evening before; it had the appearance of being cut away.


                  DANIEL 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am a watchman of Mile-end Old-town; I was calling the hour on the morning of the 1st of February; I passed Mr. Page's house, and saw two rolls of lead - it was rolled up, and laying there; I sent for Falconer - he had not been there three minutes before he called for assistance; I saw two men making their escape- we followed them till we got to Globe-lane, and then they ran across the field; I knew one of them - I had never seen Cain before that morning; I am sure he is oneof them. I saw the lead before they came for it - when I came back it still laid there.


                  JAMES 
                  FALCONER
               



            . I am a watchman at Mile-end. I was with Palmer on the morning of the 1st of February, about one o'clock; I saw some lead in the corner; I was not there more than a minute before the two prisoners came to the place where it was placed; I had a full opportunity of seeing them; I looked round by the shop window, and saw the lead taken up; when I got near them one looked over his shoulder; I was about to take them both, but they ran away - I took my cutlass, and struck Cain on his hat; before I could get up close to him he made his escape; I called to Palmer - they ran up Globe-lane, and escaped into the fields. The next morning I saw them, and knew them to be the persons - as such I took them up.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHRISTIAN
               



            . I am a constable of the night. The watchmen brought some lead to me; I fitted it to the prosecutor's house. I found a hat, which was left behind. On searching the prisoner Cain I found a chissel and two bundles of matches in his pocket. When I went my rounds at twelve o'clock I saw nothing particular - I did not miss the lead then.
PINKNEY's Defence. I bought the chissel going down Whitechapel-road.
CAIN's Defence. The watchman cut my hat.
PINKNEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
CAIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
