






574. 
               
                  ISABELLA 
                  BENSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
, two gowns, value 15 s.; a scarf, value 3 s.; a cap, value 4 s.; a sheet, value 4 s., and a frill, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Banks
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  BANKS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Banks
               



             - we live in Spencer-place, St. George's East


. The prisoner lodged at the house for eight weeks. On the 16th of November, I went out at two o'clock, leaving Mrs. Cook and her at home together, returned at ten o'clock at night, and the prisoner was gone. I looked over my drawers, and missed this property - I did not see her again till last Tuesday week, when I met her in Back-lane, and gave her in charge. I have found none of the property.


                  ANN 
                  COOK
               



            . The prosecutrix left me and the prisoner in the house; the prisoner brought me a note, which induced me to go out - I found what was stated in the note to be quite false. I returned in three quarters of an hour, and she was gone, and when Banks came she missed her property.


                  STEPHEN 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am a headborough. Mrs. Banks brought the prisoner to me, and charged her with stealing her wearing apparel and asked if she knew anything of it; she made no answer.
Note read: -
"Ann, your aunt says for God's sake come here, your father is dying, and it is as much as four of us can do to hold him - he keeps calling for you, and says he cannot die till he sees you - his leg is bursting. We could not get anybody to come, so I was forced to write."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
