





Before Mr. Justice Park.
2034. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  REES
               




             was indicted for a 


               misdemeanor
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DUNDAS
               




            . I live in Basing-lane


. On the 12th ofSeptember
, a little after six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came and told me he wanted to buy some book-muslin - he stated that he was in the silk trade, but had sometimes an order for muslin, and would give me the order; I shewed him some book-muslins - he was quite satisfied with them: I told him the price, and said I could not afford to give him credit, for I paid ready money for all my goods; he said he did not want any credit, and if I would allow him to have them on approbation, he would return what he did not keep, and pay me for the rest in the course of the day; he told me his warehouse was at No. 8, Bow-lane, and his name was John Rees - he wanted me to send the muslins there next morning by half-past nine o'clock, which I promised to do, but he called in the morning before that time - I was dressing myself; my wife shewed him into the room - I went to him, and said I had not entered the goods, nor made an invoice; he said it was of no consequence - he wanted to show them to a customer, and as soon as he had done he would return with either the goods or money in the course of the day: he went away with three pieces of book-muslin, measuring thirty-six yards, which are worth 3l. 2s., and never returned, with or without the goods - this happened on a Saturday; I had occasion to go to the West-end of the town - on the Monday I went to No. 8, Bow-lane, and inquired, and found no such person lived there - he had lodged there on the very day he had my goods, but on the Sunday the landlord had turned him out, but he had no warehouse there - I found he was not in the silk trade, nor in any trade whatever: when he was apprehended, he told me what an unfortunate thing it was for him, for he was going to commence business that day, in Lawrence-lane: I told him he could not commence business without having money, and asked him to pay me for my goods - I have got neither goods no money.
Prisoner. Q. Was I not to pay you the cash at the end of the month? A. No: I told him he must bring me back money or goods.


                  MARY 
                  ANN LOVETT
               



            . I live at No. 8, Bow-lane - the prisoner lodged about a month with me, and left the day before the prosecutor called, which was on the Monday; he only had a sleeping-room - no warehouse; I never knew him in any business - he paid me 6s. 6d. a week for his room.
Prisoner. Q. Did I leave of my own accord, or was I turned out? A. He was turned out on the Sunday; I should not object to his taking a friend into my parlour, to speak to him, but it was our room - he did not breakfast or sup there.
COURT. Q. You did not let it to him as a warehouse? A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. Dundas has known me for fourteen years, and is it to be supposed he would trust me, without knowing me - of course he had faith in me by giving me credit; I owe him for the goods and will pay him - I took it for granted he meant cash at the end of the month.
JOHN DUNDAS. I have known him fourteen years - I have been a short time in business, and he knew I had no money; I never had any transaction with him in my life before. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
