





1332. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of September
, six pair of stockings, value 2 l.; six yards of linen, value 6 s.; half a yard of cambric, value 4 s.; one handkerchief, value 4 s., and one shirt, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Collins
                        



                     
                  , from the person of Maria, his wife
            .


                     MARIA 
                     COLLINS
                  



               
            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Collins
               



            , a porter
, we live in Pitt-street, Bethnal-green. On Saturday, the 22d of September, between nine and ten in the evening, I was walking up Church-street, Bethnal-green


, and at end of James-street my bundle was snatched from me; it contained the articles stated in the indictment - Only one person did it. I cannot swear to him. I called out Stop thief! and Murder! He ran down James-street. Woodward told me my bundle was safe, and in five minutes I saw Mrs. Morton with it. I gave information at the watch-house, and on Monday morning I found the prisoner in custody.


                  JAMES 
                  MORTON
               



            . I am a silk dyer, and live in James-street, Bethnal-green. Between nine and ten o'clock in the evening of the 22d of September, I was sitting at my door, and heard a cry of thieves and murder from a female voice. I looked out and saw the prisoner running, about six yards off, the prosecutrix was close at his heels - I came up with him - he threw something away as he ran, it appeared to be a bundle. I secured him in a moment - the street was clear - there was nobody but him and the prosecutrix. My wife picked it up.


                  ELIZA 
                  MORTON
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness, as he ran out I followed, and saw the prisoner throw the bundle away. I picked it up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STOKES
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was delivered into my charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. She said at the office that it was her master's property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
