





London Cases, Before Mr. Recorder.
5. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BOWLES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of November
, a bag, value 6 d., and 50,000 nails, value 3 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Thomas 
                           Taylor
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY HOLYLAND
               



            . I am nephew to Mr. Taylor, iron-master
, of Thames-street


 - the prisoner was his porter
. On the 10th of November, a little after eight o'clock in the morning, I was coming down the lane opposite the warehouse, and saw him come out of the door with a bag on his shoulder, and throw it into a light cart which stood at the door; it immediately drove away, rather quick. I could not see the driver for the angle of the lane. I went and told my father, who is also in Mr. Taylor's employ. Mr. Taylor was informed of it when he came to town; the prisoner was called into the counting-house, and Mr. Taylor charged him with it - he strongly denied it two or three times, but afterwards said it was true, and that one Jones, who was at the door knew all about it - Jones was once in our employ; he would not tell us who drove the cart. There were bags of nails and chains in the warehouse.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. You could not tell whether it contained nails or chains - A. No; I supposed it to be nails by the look of the bag. He told the Lord Mayor that a man asked him to put a bag into the cart, but he did not know what it contained.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS TAYLOR
               



            . The prisoner was in my service - he was called into the counting-house. I told him I was informed he had stolen a bag of nails; he denied it two or three times - I said I had abundance of proof, and he then confessed it. I pressed him to give up the receiver; he said he could not tell who it was, but Jones could tell all about it. I sent for Jones, who denied all knowledge of it. I examined my stock, and missed a bag of nails.
Cross-examined. Q. How did he confess - A. He said I know I did take it, and hope you will shew me mercy; he has lived several years with me.


                  DAVID 
                  DAVEY
               



            . I am an officer, and was fetched, and said to the prisoner, "Who drove the cart you put the nails into?" he said he did not know, but Jones did.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
