





1301. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE AUGUSTUS 
                     LAWSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of July
, at St. James's, Westminster, one watch, value 10 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Aldous
                        



                     
                  , and 
                     
                        
                           Eliza Ann 
                           Aldous
                        



                     
                  , in their dwelling-house
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  ALDOUS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker

, and live in Berwick-street, Soho


. I am in partnership with 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Ann Aldous
               



            , the prisoner was in my service up to the 15th of August. It was his duty to receive pledges, and enter them on the book. On the 6th of October a lady applied to me to redeem a gold watch, which had been pledged for 5 l. I found the counterpart of her duplicate on a watch in my hand-writing. I had put it on a gold watch. On opening the paper I found this silver watch, which I had seen in the prisoners bed-room as a wearing watch. Before he left I had missed other articles when persons came to redeem them, and he knew I obtained great discredit and injury by not having them to produce.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did you take the gold watch in yourself - A. Yes; on the 20th of April.


                  SAMUEL 
                  PLANK
               



            . I am an officer. I went with Mr. Aldous to the prisoner, shewed him the silver watch, and asked if he knew it? he appeared at first not to know it. I said I was aware he knew it, he then said he did, that it had been his, and he had substituted it for a watch which he then had in his pocket. I said, No, he substituted it for a gold watch, which he denied. I found some keys on him, which he said belonged to his writing desk, and the bureau at his father's house, I said I was going to search his father's house for the gold watch, he then asked to speak to Mr. Aldous alone, Mr. Aldous refused. He then said,
"It is of no use denying it, you will find the gold watch in my desk at my father's." I did so. He then threw himself on the prosecutor's mercy, and said he had robbed him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 20.




               Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
