





72. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DUNN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of August
, 1 watch, value 35s.; 1 ribbon, value 1d., and 1 key, value 1d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Williams
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I live at Mr. Phipps', the Crown, in Idol-lane


. I got acquainted with the prisoner in July; on the 27th of August he asked master to let him have a bed - he said he could not, but he might sleep in the taproom; I told him he might sleep in my room - he went to bed about eleven o'clock; I got up in the morning, leaving him in bed, and my watch under the pillow - he came down in half an hour, and was going out; he said he would he home by two o'clock, and had turned the bed up- I said, "Where is the watch?" he said he had left it inside; I went up in half an hour, and it was gone - nobody but him could have taken it; I believe he is a gamekeeper.
CHARLES COWLEY. I am a constable. The prisoner was described to me on the 23rd of November, and on the 24th I found him at the Tavistock coffee-house, Great Russell-street, Covent-garden, cleaning knives, and told him he was my prisoner - he said, "I know perfectly well what it is about, a watch."
Prisoner's Defence. I had a setter dog to break in for his master - he lost a very excellent dog for me; the boy left his watch in the bed - I took it, and said to the maid-servant, "He is very careless about his watch; I will wind it up, and take it down to him," and when I got down he had let out two dogs which I had there; I ran out in my fright to look for them, and put the watch into my pocket: when I returned the dogs were safe in the house - I had to go immediately to Bagshot, and forgot the watch; I found it in my pocket at Bagshot - I asked a person to take it to his master; he said if he saw any body he would send word that I had it, and if not he should be there on Sunday - I went to Croydon, and on returning the Magistrate had had a pointer stolen; I was desired to look for it - I came to town about it, went to the Black Dog, Long-acre, and got stupified with liquor - my fob was cut, and the watch and nine sovereigns and a half taken; I saw Mr. Phipps, and asked him for two guineas which he owed me, to make the boy's watch good - he said the boy had lost the dog I had left in his care, and that would make it even; I said, "Tell the boy I will make it good as soon as I can," but I did not call there, in consequence of a quarrel with his master; it was two mornings before, that I said I had left it in the bed.
WILLIAM WILLIAMS. He had no dog there that night- when he came down I was taking the shutters down; he said he should he back at two o'clock, and had left my watch in the bed; I had not desired him to put up the bedstead.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
