





1721. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  McGRATH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of July
, 1 purse, value 3s.; 4 sovereigns, 2 half sovereigns, 9 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Waymouth
                     




                  , from his person
            .

CAPT.
 SAMUEL WAYMOUTH. I am in the army. On the afternoon of the 22d July, I was walking in Davies-street


 - I felt a touch, which induced me to look round; I saw the prisoner close to me - he seemed to be speaking to some one near him; I felt in my pocket, and my purse was gone; the prisoner walked towards Grosvenor-street - I followed him till he got to a corner, and then he ran; I followed him till he got to the square, where I lost sight of him - I found him in custody of some person, and my purse was found in the area of a house close to him.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you see the purse in the area? A. Yes, I did; I did not see him do anything to me; I first lost sight of him as he turned into Grosvenor-street, and again, as he turned into the square- the area in which the purse was found was at the corner of Brook-street and Grosvenor-square; he was close by the area; the purse contained four sovereigns and two half-sovereigns, nine shillings, and six sixpences.
COURT. Q. Was there anything found on him? A. There was some money, but not of mine - all mine was in the purse in the area; I am quite sure he is the person who was near me - this is the purse and money.


                  JOHN 
                  HUNTER
               



            . I am a tailor. I was in Grosvenor-street about two o'clock, coming from the Marquis of Aylesbury's - I was three or four doors from the corner of Grosvenor-street, and saw the prisoner in a blue coat and a black-velvet waistcoat, coming up Grosvenor-street at great speed; he rather attracted my attention at the time; I saw a number of persons following, crying Stop him! - I thought he had broken a window, or something of that sort; he turned into the square, and went towards Brook-street; I called to some person to stop him, which they would not do; I then ran after and took him at the corner of Brook-street and Grosvenor-square; as I turned the corner I had a full view of him through the angle of the rails - I heard something fall like a purse; he turned round, and threw his hand back, and said to me"Pray Sir what is the matter?" - I said "That is best known to yourself," and linked his arm into mine - Captain Waymouth's servant came up, and took hold of him; a gentleman then came up, and said "Whatever it is, he has thrown it down the area;" I went up, and received the purse from Mr. Alexander's servant; I gave it to the officer - there was 5l. 12s. in the purse, and the prisoner had 15l. 8s. in his pocket tied up in a handkerchief - I think it was; I am sure I heard something fall like keysor coin, and it was found in such a situation as it would have been in if he had thrown it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is the person here who said he threw it into the area? A. No, not to my knowledge - I should not know him; he looked like a gentleman; I saw the money taken from him at the watch-house - I do not know that it was in the handkerchief; I saw the money and the handkerchief; I had not lost sight of the prisoner - he was close to the area when I took him; I should think he had the start of me about three houses; I did not see him throw anything away - it was broad day-light; I heard something fall - he was close to the rails.


                  JOHN 
                  ATKINS
               



            . I live with Mr. Alexander, in Grosvenor-square. I was sitting in the servant's hall; I saw a mob - I went into the area, and found this purse; I took it up, and gave it to my fellow-servant, who gave it to Mr. Hunter; there were fifty or sixty people round.


                  JOHN 
                  LACEY
               



            . I am beadle of St. George. I took charge of the prisoner in Mount-street - I found fifteen sovereigns and 8s. on him, and this handkerchief, which he owned; this purse and money were given me by Mr. Hunter - here are five sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and some silver.(Purse produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am totally innocent of the charge; there were people passing and re-passing who might have thrown away the purse, and I not know it - my mother has been dead eighteen months - she left me one hundred and eighty pounds.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
