





1059. 
               
                  JANE 
                  CHAPMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of May
, 1 watch, value 30s.; 15 sovereigns, 1 20l., 4 5l., and 3 1l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Freeman
                     




                  , from his person
            .
RICHARD FREEMAN. I am captain of a ship
. I lost this property on the 6th of May, between the Saturday night and Sunday morning; I had dined at the West end of the town, and got very much intoxicated; I took a coach to return, and stopped with it at the King's Arms, public-house, Holborn; they knew me there, and wanted me to stop all night, which I refused - I came out, and expect I must have been picked up by this woman, but I cannot tell; I found myself next morning in bed, in Wellington-court, Drury-lane


, between twelve and one o'clock - the servant of the house, who had let me in, and taken the money for the room, came and asked if I had lost any money, as the prisoner had left the house abruptly; my breeches and waistcoat were under my pillow; my property had been in my inside waistcoat pocket- I know I had it when I was at the King's Arms. I told her I had lost some money, but I did not say what, and my watch. I was for going out, but they persuaded me from it, and said I should get no assistance that night. I gave information next morning.


                  MARGARET 
                  READER
               



            . I live in Wellington-court. On the 6th of May, about twelve o'clock in the evening, the prisoner, whom I had never seen before, brought the prosecutor there - he appeared sober, and asked for a lodging for the night; I shewed her the room up stairs, and she asked what was the price of it for the night; I said "Half-a-crown;" she asked the gentleman for it, and he gave it to her - she then called me up again, and said she was thirsty, and wished me to get a pot of beer - he gave her half-a-crown to get that - I got it, took her the change, and she gave me 6d.; she came down again and said she was poorly, and asked me where to go - I showed her; she came in again and said she was thirsty, and wanted some more porter - I said she could not want any more - I then went away; soon afterwards a woman went up stairs, and told me the door of their room was open; I went up and found the gentleman in bed with his clothes off - I asked if he had lost any thing - he searched his pockets, and said he had; I did not see the prisoner again till the Wednesday night, when I pointed her out to theofficer; she told me, when she took the room, that she meant to stay all night.


                  DAVID 
                  HERRING
               



            . I am an officer. On Tuesday afternoon the prosecutor said he had been robbed of a great deal of property - he said he did not know the numbers of the notes, but I should find a name written over the number, some with pencil and some with ink; I made inquiry, and on the Wednesday I went with him and a brother officer to a house No. 14, Cold-bath-square, kept by Edward Hill; the prisoner came out at the back door, with a little boy, and a large bundle on his head; my brother officer stopped her, and took her into the parlour, but found nothing on her - Hill opened a bureau, and took out this 5l. note, and three sovereigns; I asked the prosecutor if that note was part of his property - he looked and said it was- we found some property which the prisoner had purchased.


                  EDWARD 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a goldsmith, and live at No. 14, Cold-bath-square. My son, 
               
                  George 
                  Edward Hill
               



            , introduced the prisoner on Monday last, and said he was going to marry her; she came to my house but did not sleep there - she came backwards and forwards several times, and gave me a 5l. note, and thirty-two sovereigns, and a half-sovereign, to take care of for her - the note and the three sovereigns I gave to the officer - the rest had all been returned to the prisoner, from time to time, to purchase furniture, part of which was brought to my house, and part was taken to a lodging which they took in Rosomond-street.
RICHARD FREEMAN. I know this note by the name of Wilson being written on it in my own hand-writing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Life
            .
