





654. 
               
                  JOHN MACKIAH 
                  COLLINS
               




             was indicted for 


               bigamy
            .
MESSRS. ALLEY and ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  BROOMFIELD
               



            . I am a tailor, and live in Bartholemew Terrace, City Road. I know the prisoner; his proper name his 
               
                  John 
                  Mackiah
               



             Collins. I was present on the 22nd of December, 1818, at St. Matthew, Bethnal Green, when he married 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Mason
                  



               
            . I had known her for six months previous. She was single - I saw her in Court to day - she had 500 l. or 600 l. They had one child, which is now about eighteen months old. My signature is to the register.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you sure she was single before - A. She passed as such.


                  ELIZA 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am sextoness of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green. I have the care of the register, as the sexton is dead. I produce the register of the prisoner's marriage on the 22nd of December, 1818, to 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Mason
               



             (read). The prisoner is described as a bachelor.


                     JANE 
                     BLANKS
                  



               
            . I was married to the prisoner on the 14th of June, 1821
, at Little Baddow Church, Essex


, by licence. He represented himself to me as a widower, of property; he said he had married a black woman, and she died in his arms. My father is a blacksmith, at Little Baddow. I was acquainted with him about three months.
Cross-examined. Q. Before your marriage had you any conversation with him about Mason - A. No.
LAZARUS BLANKS. I live at Baddow. I produce the register of the prisoner's marriage to my daughter, which I received from the Minister of the parish (read). I saw the ceremony performed. I am clerk of the church.


                  JOHN 
                  WALTER
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was given into my charge in Willow Walk, Middlesex.
Prisoner's Defence. Blank's father knew I was not a widower; he was acquainted with me in Chelmsford prison, where I was a debtor; he knew Mason had absconded from me, and cohabited with other people in London - Blanks herself saw her, and spoke to her, in the Fleet prison.
LAZARUS BLANKS. He said his wife had absconded, and he was divorced from her, and that he had 17,000 l.
Cross-examined. Q. He was a prisoner, and yet you believed him worth 17,000 l. - A. Yes; I made all the enquiry I could about Mason, and sent my son to town with him to enquire, and how he blinded my son's eyes I do not know.


                  SARAH 
                  BLANKS
               



            . He never told me he was divorced, but that his wife was dead; I told my father this before our marriage - he made himself very bad, and made his will, all to deceive me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.
There were two other indictments of a similar nature against the prisoner.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
