





887. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     KAIN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of May
, one handkerchief, value 1 s. 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Micklam
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  MICKLAM
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live in Well-street, Oxford-street. On the 23d of May, about half-past nine o'clock in the evening, I was in Oxford-street


 with my daughter; a boy came up, and said I was robbed of my handkerchief - I felt and missed it.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am a constable. I saw the prisoner in Oxford-street, in company with two more, at the corner of George-street, St. Giles's, and followed them for an hour and a half, attempting people's pockets; they followed the prosecutor and his daughter, I saw one who got away, take the handkerchief from his pocket and give it to the prisoner; he was about thirteen years old. I ran over and told Micklam, and all three ran down a street into St. Giles's. Adams came up and took me to a public-house, where I found the prisoner, and took him, but found nothing on him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am a patrol. I saw the prisoner in Lawrence-lane, with two others, one about twelve years old; they ran down the lane by me, and in about ten minutes I went with Keys to the 
               
                  Robin 
                  Hood
               



            , public-house, Church-lane, and took him; it is a resort for thieves.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WIGZELL
               



            . I work at a perfumer's in Bury-street. I saw the prisoner in company with two more, in High-street, attempting gentlemen's pockets; they went up Oxford-street, returned, and attempted Micklam's pockets several times; and opposite a lane leading to St. Giles's, the little one took the handkerchief and gave it to the prisoner, and all ran down the lane.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
