





1220. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     HARVEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of July
, one purse, value 1 d. and 13 s. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Croiley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  PETER 
                  CROILEY
               



            . I am a book-keeper
, and live in Duke-street, Portman-square. On the 29th of July, about eleven o'clock at night, I was met in Oxford-street


 by a party of Irishmen, and was knocked down; my pockets were rifled of a silk handkerchief and other trifles; I received some severe blows; on recovering myself I found the prisoner by my side, and accompanied her to a house in Orchard-street, up three pair of stairs; I was in the same room with her and another woman; I went there for no improper purpose. I began to suspect all was not right, and pulled my purse out; the prisoner immediately snatched it from me, the candles were put out, and I was told to get down stairs or they would break my neck; I got down with some difficulty, and immediately pointed the house out to the watchman; we went in and I pointed the prisoner out; she was secured, and the purse found in the house, in the room I was robbed in; I described it before I saw it.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALLSOP
               



            . I was constable of the night. I was at the corner of Orchard-street; the prosecutor fetched me; I got two watchmen and found the prisoner and two other women in the three pair room; he pointed the prisoner out, and gave this account. I found the purse under the bed between the sacking and mattress, empty; he described it before he saw it.
(Purse produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
