






119. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  JAMES
               





             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of August

, 1 pair of boots, value 14s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Irons
               



            .
JOHN IRONS. I am a boot-maker
, and live in Paternoster-row, Spitalfields



. On the 8th of August, the prisoner, who is a stranger, came into my shop - he wanted a pair of Wellington-boots, I fitted him with a pair, and he desired them to be sent to Mr. Stevens, No. 17, Back-church-lane, who he said was his employer, and that he was a lighterman- he likewise ordered a pair of shoes to be made, for which he was to call in the ensuing week - he told me to send a bill and a receipt with the boots, and his employer would pay me for them - they were to be 19s.; I made out the bill and receipt, and sent my servant with them to the place he had named; I told my servant I had some doubts, and not to turn his back upon them without the money; I gave him 1s. in case they should want change - he came back with the 1s., but no boots; I afterwards gave information, and, on the 14th of November, he was in the watch-house on another charge.


                  GEORGE 
                  PARSONS
               



            . I live with Mr. Irons. He gave me a pair of boots to take to No. 17, Back-church-lane - he gave me the bill and receipt, and 1s., in case they wanted change - the boots were to come to 19s.; I went to the house, and saw a woman - she said no such person as Mr. Stevens lived there; I then made the best of my way home, and met the prisoner going from my master's; he said, "Oh, I have just paid for the boots;" I walked with him a little way past the church, and then he said,"There is no necessity for you to go any further," and he held out his hand for the boots; I gave him them, with the bill and receipt; I am confident he is the man.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALMOND
               



            . I am an officer. I had information given me of the prisoner - I looked for him some time, and in November he was given into my charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I have a wife and child, who depend on my earnings for their support.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
120. CHARLES JAMES was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of November

, 1 hat, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Stocks
               



            .


                  FREDERICK 
                  JOHN SMITH
               



            . I live with William Stocks, at Wapping-street, opposite Execution-dock



. Between eight and nine o'clock, on the evening of the 22d of November, the prisoner came to his shop, and said he wanted a hat - my master served him with it - it came to 25s., and he ordered it to be sent to No. 32, Bird-street - my master sent me with it, and it was to be paid for when I took it home - as I was going with it, I saw the prisoner, who said he had been and paid for the hat and ordered a cap, which I was to take up before nine o'clock the next morning; I gave him the hat - I came home, and found it was not true; I went out to see for him, but could not find him; I went on board the ship Resolution, which he said he was going on board, and he was not there; I was coming back, and met him; I went up to him, and asked if hewas not the man - he said he was, and he would go with me if I would go a little further - he led me a long way into the country, and then ran away; I found him afterwards, and gave charge of him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
