








1150. 
               
                  BRIDGET 
                  BERGIN
               




            , 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  BURKE
               




            , and 
               
                  MARY 
                  COTTAR
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of June
, six yards of lace, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William Thomas 
                  Fry
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  M'CLEOD
               



            . I live with Mr. William Thomas Fry, a draper
, in Long-acre


. The prisoners came in together on Saturday, the 25th of June, and asked for some silk shawls; I showed them three or four - they all looked at them, and said they were too dear; one of them (I think Burke) then asked to look at some cotton shawls - I showed them some, which they said would not wash; Burke then asked me to shew them some lace: I showed them a box of lace, and on turning it out I saw Burke take one piece, and place it under the corner of Cottar's shawl, which laid on the counter; Burke had an apron on, which she folded up on the counter, and passed the lace from under the shawl, under the apron, and gave it to Bergin - they did not buy any lace from that box. Cottar asked to see some Urling's lace, but before I showed that I went and told Mr. Fry what I had seen - he placed himself behind them: I then showed them a box of Urling's lace, and they bought three yards, at 1 s. 6 1/2 d. per yard, which they paid for amongst them; I wrapped it up, and gave it to them, and as they were going out Mr. Fry told them to come back - they came back to the passage; Cottar and Burke stood on one side, and Bergin on the other. - Mr. Fry then accused them of having the lace, which they denied - he went for an officer, and I saw the lace laying on the ground, just by where Bergin stood, in the passage; I took it up, and said,
"This is the lace." Cottar fell on her knees, and offered me 10 s. to let them go, as she was married, and had two children.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. And so though you saw a felony committed, you thought it right to sell lace, and take money? A. Yes, I did - they had been before that morning; I had not urged them to come back when they had sold their fish to buy a shawl.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BURKE'S Defence. We went into the shop in the morning, and bought an apron for 1 s. 6 d.; the shopman said,
"Don't you want a shawl?" I said,
"I have no money, we have laid out all our money in mackarel" - we went in again to look at a shawl, and he said to me,
"Don't you want to buy a shawl;" we looked at them - Cottar then bought some lace, and as we were going out we were charged with taking this lace. I can be upon my oath that I had no shawl - he then said I had put it under Bergin's shawl. He took us into the back parlour, and then turned round, and found the lace by the back door; the man said at the office first that he saw her drop it, and then he said he only thought so.
BERGIN'S Defence. I had but 14 s. 9 d. in my pocket, and the shawls were too dear. We looked at some lace; Burke bought three yards - I lent her 1 s., and Cottar lent her 2 s. - he said when we were going away, he saw her take the lace, and shift it to the other prisoner; he had enticed us all day, and said in the morning,
"Go and turn your mackarel into money, and come and buy a shawl for to-morrow;" and when we came back he charged us with the robbery.
COTTAR'S Defence. If the shopman spoke truly he cannot say that he saw me take the lace.
BERGIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
BURKE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Confined Six Months
            .
COTTAR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
