






1166. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  TWYFORD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of May

, 8 bushels of chaff, peas, and oats, mixed together, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Eames
               



            , his master; and 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  MILLER
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAFTER
               



            . I am employed in John Eames' granary at the Angel-inn, St. Clements - Twyford was in his employ at a farm at Kelsal-green, Middlesex - I did not know Miller. I used to give Twyford a sack of chaff, peas, and oats every week; I received information from Warren on the 24th of May, and applied at Bow-street; Harrison and I followed the cart which Twyford drove from the Angel at half-past nine o'clock in the morning - when he got over Paddington-bridge to the Red Lion public-house, I went opposite the house, and the officer went and stood at the house, reading the paper; so that he could see me; I then saw Miller and Twyford take down the tail-board; they drew out a sack of this mixture; Twyford helped it on Miller's back, who carried it into the stable; I gave a signal to Harrison; he seized Twyford - I ran into the stable, and met Miller coming out; I went, and saw the same sort of mixture in the bin as what had been in the sack; we took up the sack, which laid by the bin, and put the mixture into it; it exactly filled it.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you see this mixture put into the cart? A. No; it had no business there; the cart was loaded with manure, and they had got the two sacks which they should have besides.


                  JAMES 
                  WARREN
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Eames at the Angel. On the morning of the 24th of May I saw Twyford put these two sacks of mixture into the cart, under the manure; one behind and the other before - he afterwards put on the top of the manure two sacks which he ought to take.
Cross-examined. Q. Could he see you? A. I should think so; nobody has a right to give him orders except Crafter.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I was with Crafter, and stood at the Red Lion. I secured Twyford, and charged him with having another sack under the dung; he denied it, but we found it there, and a sack in the stable; the contents had been emptied into the bin, and among the mixture I found some pieces of paper, which Crafter identified; Miller said it belonged to a person whose horse he had at livery.
Q. He showed you the stable readily? A. No, he did not show it us.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRAFTER
               



            . I had put my own name on these pieces of paper.

Cross-examined. Q. How many people work in the yard? A. Perhaps a dozen; the granary key is always put under the door; I always give out the grain; I am foreman of the granary.
TWYFORD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
MILLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
