





759. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LAW
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously having in his custody and possession, certain forged bank notes, knowing them to be forged
            .


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am an officer. I went with Mance and Vann to the Golden-horse, Rutland-court; I laid hold of the prisoner as he passed the window, I took him into a back room, and asked his name, he said, 
               
                  John 
                  Levy
               



            , I also asked if he had any notes about him, he said one, and took it out of his fob - I asked if he had any at home, he said, No. I said,
"I know where you live, and shall search; he said,
"Then there is some;" I said,
"How many is there? 40 or 50," he said, about that number. I went and searched his lodgings, in Rutland-court, and in a flour tub, in a bag, I found fifty-eight; and at the bottom of the tub, two more. I shewed them to him, he said,
"Ah! they were in a bag, in the tub, and the other two were at the bottom" - I asked where they came from, he said, he declined answering (looks at them) these are them, I marked them.


                  JOHN 
                  MANCE
               



            . I am an officer. Armstrong's account is correct; I found two notes at the bottom of the tubwrapped in brown paper, and he gave us one from his fob, on returning, and shewing them, to which he said,
"Those were in the bag, and those at the bottom of the tub."


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I waited at the public-house with the prisoner, while the others went to search.


                  CHARLES 
                  CHRISTMAS
               



            . These notes are all forged; they are off two plates, but both the same description of engraving, and the signatures are the same hand writing.


                  JAMES 
                  VAUTIN
               



            . I was a signing clerk. Two of the notes purport it to be signed by me, but are not my writing.
(The prisoner put in an exceeding long written defence, stating, that one Dart, who was convicted, left the parcel at his house, saying, it was very valuable; that he called the next day and took part of the contents away, but the prisoner suspecting all was not right, took one from the parcel to ascertain if they were good, and was apprehended.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 55.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
