





Middlesex Cases, Third Jury.
Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
775. 
               
                  ABRAHAM 
                  BIGGS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of March
, 1 purse, value 1s.; 10 sovereigns, 12 shillings, and a 10l. bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  Andrew Gregory 
                  Johnston
               




            .
ANDREW GREGORY JOHNSTON, ESQ.
 I live in Suffolk. On the 3d of March I was in London, and took a hackney-coach at Hanover-square hotel, about twelve o'clock- the prisoner was the driver, and I directed him to go to Kensington-square; I had a lady with me - I took out my purse at the turnpike gate, at Knightsbridge, to pay the toll, but the man only asked 3d., and I put the purse down on the cushion, to take some halfpence out of my pocket - the purse contained a 10l. note, which had a mark on it, ten sovereigns, and about 12s. in silver - I had seen it all that morning; when we got to Kensington-square


 I paid the prisoner 5s. (which I had from the lady) and he gave me 6d.; I did not missed the purse for about two or three hours; on my return to town, when I recollected where I had left it, I went to the Hackney-coach-office, and got the address of the driver; I am quite certain the prisoner is the man - I did not see him again till half-past eleven o'clock the same night; I and an officer waited for him to come home to Devonshire-street - the officer told him to come off his box, as he wished to speak with him - he asked him if he recollected that morning having drived a lady and gentleman to Kensington, which he admitted - he then asked him if he had looked in his coach afterwards - he said No [we had been set down at a house, and the prisoner must have known it, because there was some difficulty in finding it]; the officer then asked if he had found any thing in his coach - he said he had not; the officer said I had left my purse there, and he must know something about it - all which he denied - he was asked which was the next fare he took up - he said a lady and gentleman on the road, whom he set down in Piccadilly, near the White-horse cellar, but not at any house - I told him to look at me, and see if he could recognise me, which he did, and said I was the gentleman he drove to Kensington-square, but denied all knowledge of the purse - the officer said he must see what he had about him - he then said he had found a 10l. note about two hours before, tucked under the cushion of the seat - the officer begged to have it, which after some hesitation he gave - it appeared to have been folded up in his right hand - the officer searched his person, and found, in one pocket, nine sovereigns and a half, and about 13s. in silver, and in another pocket 16s. which, he said, belonged to his master, but the gold and silver, in the first pocket, he insisted was his own, and he would give no other account of it; I then gave him in charge; we searched the coach but did not find the purse; (looking at the 10l. note) this is it - it has the name of Burrows on the face in my handwriting.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . I am the officer. This is the 10l. note; I accompanied the prosecutor, and heard the prisoner deny that he had got the money; he then said he had found the note two hours before, and the money was his own; I said I suspected it was the gentleman's, but he still said it was his own, and I had no business with it; I found 16s. which he said was his master's - and that was returned to his master; I searched the carriage, but nothing was found in it; I then took him to the watch-house, and next morning I asked if he could account for the sovereigns I found on him - he said it was all nonsense, he took them from the gentleman; I cautioned him that he had made a case of felony of it - but he said it was so, and said he had been drinking part of two pints of ale, which made him so foolish - in taking him to the office he made an excuse to go home to get half a sovereign, to make up the money; he said there had been ten sovereigns and twelve shillings, but he had changed one of the sovereigns.
Cross-examined by Mr. CRESWELL. Q. Did he appear sober? A. Yes; but in high spirits.


                  HENRY 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I heard the prisoner confess that he found the purse and money, and had thrown the purse away.
Mr. CRESWELL to Mr. JOHNSTON. Q. Was the man perfectly sober? A. He appeared so; I think he was sober when we saw him at the stable at night.

Prisoner's Defence. I found it in the coach; I did not know it belonged to this gentleman, as I had had two other persons in the coach.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
