





909. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HART
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of April
, 14 straw bonnets, value 2l. 19s. 6d.;162 yards of ribbon, value 8l. 8s.; 2 pairs of shoes, value 11s., and 1 box, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Franscombe
                     




                  , his master
            .
GEORGE FRANSCOMBE. I am a straw and leghorn hat maker
, and live in Newgate-street


. The prisoner came into my service in March last, as errand-boy
. On the 14th of April I gave him a box, containing the property stated in the indictment, to take to the White Horse, Cripplegate - he went about twelve o'clock, and returned in good time; I asked if it was all correct; he said it was. On the 21st of April I received information, went down to the waggon office, and made inquiry; I then returned, and charged him with having stolen the things; he gave several different accounts about it - he was then in custody for another offence. I have not found them.


                  EDMUND 
                  GRIFFITH LANGDON
               



            . I am warehouseman to Mr. Franscombe. I selected these goods, and gave them to the porter to pack; they were directed to Mrs. Myers, Stamford, Lincolnshire.


                  FRANCIS 
                  DUKES
               



            . I am book-keeper at the White Horse. On the 14th of April no box came directed to Mrs. Myers - nothing of the sort is entered.


                  EDWARD 
                  HINDE
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Franscombe. I packed up these goods, and directed the box to Mrs. Myers, Stamford - the prisoner took it out to go to the inn.


                  GEORGE 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a constable. On the 14th of April I took the prisoner in charge; while he was in custody inquiry was made about this box of goods; no threat or promise was made to him - I heard him say he had the box delivered to him, and he had delivered it to three persons, who I had seen with him the day I apprehended him, and one of them went into a coffee-shop with him, and signed the receipt book for it.
Mr. FRANSCOMBE. I have the receipt book - there is a signature to it; it should be signed at the waggon-office.


                  FRANCIS 
                  DUKES
               



            . The signature to the receipt for this box is not the writing of any one in our office - only another clerk attends besides me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
