





1831. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  DELAY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of September
, 1 watch chain, value 4l.; 2 seals, value 20s., and 1 watch key, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Johnson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
JOHN JOHNSON. I live in Holywell-street, Westminster, and am a pavior
. On the 13th of September I was at the Haymarket Theatre, and left about half-past eleven o'clock- I was going up St. James-street


, and the prisoner came in front of me, and siezed my chain and seals. I put my hand down, and caught the watch; the chain and seals were broken from it - I pursued him behind the coaches, but I never lost sight of him - I caught hold of his coat, the flap tore off - I seized him again; he threw me down, and we both fell into the mud, but I never lost sight of him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me give any thing to any body? A. No; I had taken rather too much wine; my watch was safe at the corner of St. James-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DARDNER
               



            . I am a watchman of the Hay-market. I saw the prosecutor and prisoner laying one on other, in the road, in the Haymarket - I seized the prisoner, and took him to the watch-house - I found nothing on him.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LACK
               



            . I assisted in taking him to the watch-house. I looked down, about ten yards from him, and found a watch, with the spring broken; it was running down when I took it up; he was taken to the watch-house - that watch was claimed by another gentleman.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say it was found one hundred yards from me? A. No - ten yards.


                  JAMES 
                  STAPLES
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Gilbert, of Cockspur-street. I have some broken pieces of chain which came into our possession yesterday.
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning from a friend's house, this gentleman took hold of me, and thinking him rather in liquor, I endeavoured to get from his grasp; he seized me again, and we fell down; if he never lost sight of me how could I part with it?



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
