






London Cases, before Mr. Recorder.
211. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WARMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th December

, a wooden cask, value 2 s., and two gallons of brandy, value 30 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Browning
                  



               
             and 
               
                  William Shipton 
                  Browning
               



            , his masters and employers; and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DALTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he, before the felony aforesaid, was done and committed, (to wit), on the 12th of December

, feloniously and maliciously did procure counsel, hire and command the said 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Warman
                     



                  , the felony aforesaid, to do and commit
            .
MESSRS. ALLEY and LAW conducted the prosecution.


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . I am an officer. On Sunday, the 15th of December, about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, I met the prisoner Warman coming in a direction from the prosecutors house, at Smithfield-bars



, towards Long-lane, in a direction towards his lodgings - he had a basket. I asked him what he had got, and upon looking, found the basket to contain a two gallon keg, and a bladder of brandy; I asked where he brought it from, he made no answer; I then said,
"Where are you going to take it?" he said,
"To No. 3, Cloth-fair;" I said,
"You have been robbing your master," he said,
"It is only a little drop for myself". I told him I should look him up, he begged for mercy. I took him to the Compter, and found 5 l. 18 s. in his pockets - of which sum I found 3 l. 18 s. belonged to some Society, and which I returned to Messrs. Browning's clerk, (he said he worked for them); he toldme he lived at No. 3. Cloth-fair, but I found it was No. 3, New-court, Cloth-fair. I there found a four gallon keg full of gin, a six gallon cask nearly half-full, two bottles of brandy, three pints of rum, a bottle of red port, two sample bottles of brandy, and a quart wine measure, a funnel, a brass cock, and a bladder, all of which I produce.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am an in-door porter to the prosecutors, who live at Smithfield-bars. Warman was an outdoor porter
, and had been there some years. On Sunday, the 15th of December, about seven o'clock in the morning he came to the premises; he had no business there on a Sunday. I got up and let him in, he said he wanted a pair of shoes which he had left behind him, I do not know whether he had left any behind; he had a basket in his hand; he lighted a candle from the lamp, and went down into the cellar; there are two cellers, the spirit cellar is within the other. I finished dressing myself, and went into the privy - and while there, he came up and wished me good bye, and went away. I could not see him go out - he had nothing in his hand when he came up to me. I do not know what he took out.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LIPSCOMBE
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Thomas and William Shipton Browning, distillers

; Warman was our porter, and has lived there four or five years. I have frequently seen Dalton at the distillery, within the last twelve or fifteen years - he sells pork and butter
, and the prosecutors occasionally bought those articles of him. I have compared the brandy found at Warman's lodging with some of the prosecutors stock, and have no doubt of its being theirs - it is the same in quality, strength, flavour, and colour, and is foreign.
Cross-examined by MR. BOLLAND. Q. Is not Dalton a stage coachman - A. I have heard so; when he came to the distillery, he came on business.


                  JESSEE 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am the daughter of the prisoner Warman. My husband is porter at the Bull and Mouth. My father lived at No. 3, New-court, Cloth-fair; I was at his house the week preceding the Sunday he was taken Dalton was acquainted with my father, and came after him. I saw him there two or three days in that week. On the Monday evening before that Sunday, both him and his son, and my mother, were all there; Dalton asked if there was any thing left out for him, I said,
"No," there was nothing, and the son said it was very strange, for my father knew he wanted it to take with him next morning. I said there was nothing, and they left. I told my father when he came home. The prisoner Dalton came again on the Wednesday evening alone, my father opened the door; we were in the front room; he and my father were in the kitchen, which is on the same floor; my father gave him a glass of gin; they talked a few minutes, and he then left; he came again a few minutes past six o'clock the next evening alone - he walked into the front room, and asked my father if he had anything for him to drink, he gave him a glass of brandy. After that, he said he wanted two gallons of such brandy as that; my father said he had got it for him. Dalton said,
"You must buy a two gallon stone bottle, and I will pay you again;" my father said, he had got it for him; he said,
"You must let me have it by Sunday morning, for John wants it" (meaning his son, who is guard to a coach). My father said, he would rather put it off till Tuesday, as it was against the rules to go to the warehouse on a Sunday. Dalton said,
"Never mind, Joseph will let you in." My father said, he had got it all ready, and he would go and fetch it on Sunday morning; a few minutes before seven o'clock he asked for something more to drink; my father gave him a glass of gin. He then said, there was two gallon stone bottles at John's house that wanted fetching, my father said he would fetch them; he said,
"Why can't Jessee fetch them?" meaning me; he said he should want four gallons of strong gin, two gallons to go on Thursday morning, and two on the Friday afterwards; he said, the gin he had drank was not so good as what my father gave him out of the warehouse - that my father was to take the brandy to John's house on the Sunday, between eleven and twelve o'clock, and John would settle with him. On the Monday after my father was apprehended, I saw Dalton in Old-street Road, and told him my father was taken with the liquor - and he said he knew it, and said,
"If I am taken up, I will take care to have nothing, and I shall know nothing at all about it, and they cannot hurt me, and if you are taken, you know nothing about it;" he accompanied me to John's house, which is in Old-street-road, and there I saw old Mrs. Dalton, and John's wife - the prisoner Dalton walked up and down the room, and seemed very much agitated. Old Mrs. Dalton said, in his presence,
"I thought it would be the case long ago;" (I had not told her of my father's apprehension, but suppose she alluded to that); she also said,
"If there had been no receivers, there would have been no thieves." Dalton said, he did not know what to do - he told me John was out of the way. Nothing more particular passed. He came to my father's house on the Wednesday evening, to find a permit for some gin, which he wanted to shew in case he was taken up - he said he wished to goodness that he could find it; I told him my father had got it. He said he did not know what to do, whether to get out of the way or not, and he would employ a lawyer and counsel, if it cost him 100 l.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What age are you - A. Nineteen. I have lived at my father's house ever since my marriage. I was at Guildhall on the second examination - I had seen Dalton twice before that. I was examined by the Alderman, and said I knew nothing at all about it. I was not sworn.
Q. Did you say anything about your father having a private still then - A. A few words; I answered what I was asked about conversations between Dalton and my father. I was asked if I ever took parcels to his place; I said Yes. I do not recollect saying that I never heard any conversation between them. I do not rightly know what I said, and cannot venture to swear whether I said so or not. I went to Guildhall twice after my father was committed. Mr. Browing's clerk desired me to go. I saw the solicitor twice before the examination. I went to Guildhall a fortnight all but a day after my father was committed - I then made a statement on oath; I mentioned what had passed on the Thursday, I am quite sure that the conversation took place a few minutes after six o'clock. My father, old Dalton, and myself were the only persons present.
MR. ALLEY. Q. What you have been stating about your evidence before the Magistrate, was before Dalton was incustody - A. Yes; when he was taken I stated every thing as I have to day.


                  JAMES 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am the husband of the last witness. I have seen the prisoner Dalton at our house, in New-street, Cloth-fair - we lived with Warman. I saw Dalton there about a fortnight before Warman was taken; I then met him coming out of the door - I have seen both the prisoners together eight or nine times.


                  ANN 
                  HALL
               



            . I live at No. 2, New-court, directly opposite to Warman's house. I have seen both the prisoners talking together at Warman's door, and one day I saw them walk down to the bottom of the court together, and there part.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SHIPTON
               



             BROWNING. The prisoner Dalton was continually at our house, and knew that Warman was our servant. Warman never ordered liquor for customers.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I am clerk to the Magistrate at Guildhall, and attended the examination of Warman, and took down what he stated - no promise or threats were held out to him. Among other things, he stated as follows - (reads.)
"I got a couple of gallons, he" (alluding to a certain person)
"used to take it from me."
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. At what time did this take place - A. On Saturday, the 22d, the second examination - he was committed on the third examination. I remember at the time Dalton was committed, somebody said if 
               
                  John 
                  Dalton
               



             was wanted he would come forward; but a warrant was issued on Saturday, the 4th of January, for old Dalton - he was apprehended that night.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended Dalton, and as I took him to Newgate; he said he had a little liquor, but he understood something about a private still. When I took him, I said I had a warrant against him - he said,
"What is it about Mr. Browning's business," and said, the old man was the d - d'st rogue in all the world; I suppose he meant Warman. He said,
"I have had a little gin of him;" I think he said gin, but will not be certain. He said he had a permit at home, but did not know where he had put it.
Cross-examined by MR. BOLLAND. Q. Did he not say he understood it was from a private still - A. To the best of my knowledge he said so as he was going to Newgate.
(Casks produced and sworn to.)
DALTON'S Defence. I saw this man's daughter the day after he was taken - she came to me for money; I would give her none, as I said I always paid him for the gin I had of him. I saw him in Newgate, and said,
"You have brought me into a pretty place;" he said,
"It is your own fault, if you had only sent me 5 s. the night I was put into Newgate, I would not have said a word about it."


                  HENRY 
                  GARLAND
               



            . I keep the Half Moon, public-house, in Duke-street, Smithfield, and have known Dalton about two years - I believe he drives a coach; I knew his son perfectly well. On the Thursday before the 15th of December, when Warman was apprehended, I saw Dalton at my house - he came about four o'clock, or it might be a little after; he came in, and said
"Is John come;" he came to wait for his son, whose coach arrives about that time; he sat in front of the bar on the right hand. His son came in soon after; his father had not gone out of doors; both of them drank tea with us - we drank tea between six and seven o'clock, it might be six or a quarter after. I cannot say how long we were at tea, it sometimes takes three quarters of an hour.
Q. When did old Dalton go away - A. It might be five or six minutes before or after seven; he was not out of the house from the time he first came till then, that I swear. Mr. Gorsuch was there; I think he came in before six o'clock, and stopped till six or after. Dalton took some gin and water with me before tea, and some after - he had three or four glasses with me and his son John.
MR. ALLEY. Q. When did you see John last - A. About three weeks ago; I do not know where he lived; he drove the North Devon coach; it is quite uncertain what time he comes in - I have known him in at three o'clock; he puts up at the Castle and Falcon. I do not know where either of them lived. There might be several customers there. I cannot say how often he had been there that week.
Q. And how can you speak to the day - A. I will explain; on the Thursday fortnight wanting a day, which was on the 12th of December, I ordered a surloin of beef for Christmas day of 
               
                  John 
                  Dalton
               



            ; I ordered it then that it might have time to hang up.
COURT. Q. Did you know where John lived - A. Somewhere in Old-street-road, but I do not know where. I sometimes bought poultry of him.
Q. Have you a bill and receipt to enable you to know the date - A. No, but I had some goods arrive on the 12th, I know that from my books, which are not here. I know it was the Thursday before Warman was taken.
Q. How soon did you hear that he was taken - A. It might be three quarters of an hour after. Mr. Turnpenny brought the property to my house; but it was mentioned to me before that.
Q. Now did you not tell him that the moment Dalton heard of it, he bolted out of your house - A. No; I did not tell him so, nor anything like it. 
               
                  John 
                  Dalton
               



             came to my house on the Sunday - I have not seen him since. I was at Guildhall, but not at the first examination.
Q. Did you not tell Mr. Browning that both the Daltons bolted the moment the officer came in - A. No; he asked me about it; I said they stopped above an hour after. My house may be about a hundred and fifty yards from Warman's.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. Did not Mr. Harmer offer you as a witness at Guildhall - A. Yes. 
               
                  John 
                  Dalton
               



             is guard to the North Devon coach, and brings poultry and meat from the country.


                  MARY 
                  GARLAND
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness. John Dalton generally calls at our house when his coach comes in, which is on Sundays and Thursdays. I heard of Warman's apprehension some time on the Sunday; on the Thursday before that, old Dalton came to our house to meet his son, who usually came from half-past four to five o'clock; when he came, he had gin and water with his father, and I made tea for them myself. I cannot say whether they went out, as I was absent about five minutes; they sat in a little room behind the bar - Mr. Gorsuch and Mr. Charles were there. Dalton went away about seven o'clock, or a little after. I am sure it was seven o'clock, for we seldom have tea till six. I ordered a piece of beefof young 
               Dalton
             that day, for Christmas, that it might hang up.
MR. LAW. Q. Were you in court, and within hearing while your husband was examined - A. No, I did not hear a question put to him except the last, I swear that. Dalton was in the house from four o'clock to seven. I served several customers during that time. I think Mr. Gorsuch drank ale, and Mr. 
               Charles
             a glass of gin. I do not recollect what any other customer had. Gorsuch comes to our house every day - they did not eat anything; we have no sitting-room; they were in a room behind the bar.
Q. Can you tell what they drank on any other day. - A. No.
Q. Do you mean to swear they could not have gone out for ten minutes, and returned without your knowledge. - A. Not for so long as that; they could not go out without passing me. I was only in court during the last of my husband's examination, I just came in at the door.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Where have you been till you came into court. - A. Over at the New Inn, All that I heard my husband say, was concerning the beef. The bar holds about half a dozen people; there is a door between that and the inner room, but it is never shut. A person must come through the bar to go out; they must pass me sideways. They sat down to tea a little before six o'clock. I heard of Warman's being taken; that did not bring the circumstance of Dalton being at my house to my mind, because I am always in the habit of seeing him on Thursday.
COURT. Q. When were you examined about this. - A. Only by Mr. Harmer, that was four or five days ago. I think my husband went to Guildhall on the day after Dalton was taken.


                  JOHN 
                  GORSUCH
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Newman, the City solicitor. I am in the habit of frequenting Garland's house. I make out his accounts, and write his bills out. I heard of Warman's being taken up, on Sunday the 15th. I was at Garland's house on the Thursday before that. I left the office at half-past four o'clock, went home and got to Garland's about twenty minutes, or half-past five o'clock. I might have drank a glass of ale. Garland asked me into the bar, old Dalton was there, and sat on the right-hand side of me in the little bar, and had tea in my presence; he was waiting for his son John, who came and took a cup of tea; his son came in after I got there. I left about a quarter or twenty minutes before seven o'clock, and left the prisoner Dalton there - he had not been out while I was there. The inner bar will not hold above six or seven people; you must pass through the bar where Mrs. Garland serves, to get out. 
               
                  John 
                  Dalton
               



             was guard to a coach. I have often seen poultry and things brought in. Garland ordered a piece of beef that night for Christmas, and asked me to dine with him.
MR. ALLEY. Q. Was not the last witness in court during the time her husband was examined. - A. Not during the whole time, she was part. I believe she was here the greater part of it. Garland's house is about one hundred and fifty yards from Cloth-fair.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CHARLES
               



            . I went to Garland's about half-past five o'clock on this Thursday, and did not stop ten minutes - old Dalton was there.
MR. BROWNING. The witness Garland, told my brother in my hearing, that a man told him, the moment Dalton and his son heard of the apprehension of Warman, they instantly left his house.


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . Garland told me, that a person had said that the Dalton's were there, heard what had happened, seemed a little alarmed, and went away.


                  HENRY 
                  GARLAND
               



             re-examined. Q. Did you say a person told you this. - A. Yes.
Q. Why not state it, when you were repeatedly asked about it. - A. I did, I think.
WARMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
DALTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 61.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
