





594. 
               
                  
                     JOHN WILLIAM 
                     PENNINGTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of March
, four pewter pots, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Henry 
                           Watchorn
                        



                     
                  ; three pewter pots, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Seex
                        



                     
                  ; one pewter pot, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Smallman
                        



                     
                  , and two pewter pots, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Hunt
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HENRY WATCHORN
               



            . I keep the Westmoreland Arms, public-house, at the corner of Manchester-street




. The prisoner was apprehended with four of my pots. I saw them at Marlborough-street, on the 21st of March; they had my predecessor's name on them - and have my mark on them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SEEX
               



            . I keep the Bricklayer's Arms, public-house, Quebec-street




. I found the prisoner at Marlborough-street with three of my pots.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUNT
               



            . I keep the St. Andrew, public-house, Gower-street, Portman-square




. I found the prisoner in custody with two of my pots.


                  JOHN 
                  SMALLMAN
               



            . I live in Adam-street, West, Edgeware-road


. I found one of my pots at the office, with my predecessor's name on it. I have had the house seven months, and took all the pots. I saw the prisoner taken just opposite my door, at half-past eight o'clock in the morning, with a basket full of pots; a boy was taken at the same time, and got away, but was taken again.


                  ROBERT 
                  CROWEN
               



            . I am a constable. I stood at my door, in Adam-street, and saw the prisoner rushing out of the Mews by my door; a man was following him, and calling out,
"Hold him!" I followed them into Berkley-street, and he was given in my charge, for stealing pots. Mr. Davis came up with this basket of pots, and said inthe prisoner's presence, that he saw him throw it down - I collared him directly. When I came to Berkley-street, I found a boy in the mews in custody - he got away, but was taken again, and after getting the prisoner to the office he attempted to escape.


                  ROBERT 
                  PINDY
               



            . I am a coachman. I was standing by the coach-stand, in Adam-street, West; some men came up, and asked if I had seen a man and boy with each a basket. I had seen a man exactly like the prisoner, pass with a basket, about two minutes before, and heard the rattling of pots in the basket. I then heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running through the mews - I stopped him. I saw the basket thrown down that he had when he passed me - it contained pots. I assisted in taking him - the boy was discharged.
Prisoner. Q. Will you swear it is the basket I dropped - A. It is exactly like it. He offered me money to let him go, and said, I wished I had nothing to do with it, as it would be more out of my way, than I should get by it.


                  THOMAS 
                  MILLET
               



            . I am an officer. I was going up George-street, Portman-square, and saw the prisoner with a frail basket with a cover to it, and saw him take two or three pint pots from the rails and doorway of different houses. I saw him at No. 30, King-street, Portman-square, in company with a boy about eleven years old; the boy took a pint pot off the door, and the prisoner put it in the basket. I went towards Edgware-road, and saw the prisoner coming along with the basket, apparently very heavy. I thought he belonged to a publican, and did not suspect him; he came to Adam's Mews, dropped the basket and ran off. There was a cry of Stop thief! - he joined in the cry, I saw him stopped; some time after, I went to Marlborough-street, and saw him in the middle room - he tried to escape.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
