






1158. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  FEATHERSTONE
               




             and 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  THOMAS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        John Henry 
                        Stead
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN HENRY STEAD. I am a coach-lace weaver
. On the 29th of April, about nine o'clock at night, I was in New-street, Covent-garden


 - a woman came and asked if I had lost my handkerchief; I felt in my pocket, and said I had; she produced it, and said it was taken from Feather-stone, who was then near me - he could hear that - I did did not see Thomas myself till next day.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did he not deny taking it? A. Yes; the woman is not here - she is the officer's wife.


                  JOHN 
                  GROOM
               



            . I am an officer. I was in New-street with my wife - I saw Thomas take a handkerchief from Stead's pocket, and give it to Featherstone, who crossed over to me, and I caught him in my arms - the handkerchief dropped from the side of his coat - he was then about six yards from Stead; my wife crossed over - I went over also, and left the handkerchief with her, while I pursued Thomas and secured him - I knew him before, and am certain of him.
Cross-examined. Q. Where was Featherstone at the time the gentleman was robbed? A. Close behind him; I caught the handkerchief as it fell - it was never on the ground.(Property produced and sworn to.)
FEATHERSTONE'S Defence. I was going on an errand; the handkerchief was picked up twenty yards from me.
THOMAS'S Defence. I was sitting on the step of a door- I know nothing of the other.
FEATHERSTONE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
THOMAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
