






1056. 
               
                  JABEZ 
                  PARKER
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BATES
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of March
, 21 chaldrons of coals, value 38l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Horne
               




             and others, his partners.
MR. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am foreman to Messrs. Thomas Horne and others, whose business is carried on at Falcon wharf, on the Surry side of Blackfriars-bridge


. On the 27th of March we had a tier of barges on the river - the Rose was laden with twenty - one chaldrons of Londonderry Wall's-end coals - they lay all over the beams - I saw her safe about six o'clock that evening, rather on the Surry side, in the middle of the tier, towards the middle of the river; I missed her the next morning, and found her empty a little after seven o'clock, at Old Swan-stairs - she was a three roomed barge - I then went with Isbester, an officer, as far as Chelsea-bridge. On Friday, the 30th, we found the Matthew barge at Chertsey, laden with coals, covered with stones - I could see the coals when I looked at the surface - the stones did not entirely cover them, but nearly so - it was an open barge - the prisoners were on board - I asked if they had any certificate of the coals; they said they had got none; it is necessary to have a certificate, stating what quantity are in the barge - I asked Parker if he did not lay at Trig-stairs on the Tuesday night, the 27th - he said he did; Trig-wharf is in the City, between London and Blackfriars-bridges - I asked if he did not take the coals in on Tuesday night; he said he did - I asked whose barge he took them out of; he said Mr. Spedding's; he then stated that a gentlemanly looking lighterman spoke to him on the Coal Exchange on Monday, and asked if he would take a score of coals to Staines; he said, Yes; and the man said the barge should come over on the next day, but he did not come till night - that the lighterman came down in the barge and hailed Parker's folk, and went below the barge, made her fast, and then went on shore; that he saw nothing more of the lighterman; that he then dropped his own barge down along side of the lighterman's, then went, and got a man to assist him in heaving the coals out, and when the barge was empty the lighterman came and took her away; that he had never seen him before, and did not know him; I asked who he was going to take the coals there for; he said for a gentleman, named Davies, at Inglefield-green - Isbester took them into custody; I went with the barge, and delivered the stones to one Knight, at Staines, as Parker said they were for him; she was brought back to London with the coals, and on Monday they were put back into the Rose again; there were twenty-one chaldrons, as near as possible, and filled the Rose the same as before; they were very large Londonderry Wall's-end, and appeared to be the same coals.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did not Parker want to go to Staines, saying the man, who employed him, would be there? A. No; he wanted to go there to deliver the stones; he did not say his employer would be there; I did not hear him say he wanted to go to Staines; I have been a lighterman thirteen or fourteen years; it is not regular to take coals on board without a certificate; we are bound to take one; I never let them go without, in our firm; we have sent coals into the craft, and sent the certificate afterwards; I cannot say what other people may do; I have known it done in other concerns; it is not regular.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. When you have known it done, has not the certificate followed? A. Yes; these coals have never been claimed by any body; the Rose belongs to Mr. Horne, his name is painted on it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ISBESTER
               



            . I am an officer of the Thames Police. On the 30th of March I went with Scott to Chertsey, and found the Matthew there; the two prisoners were on board; Scott asked Parker if he had a certificate of the coals; he said, No - he was then asked if he did not lay at Trig-wharf on Tuesday night; he said, Yes, and that he took the coals in there on Tuesday night, and he believed they came from Spedding's; their wharf is on the Surry side of Westminster-bridge; he said he was onthe Coal Exchange on Monday, when a gentlemanly looking lighterman came to him, and asked if he would take a load of coals to Staines; he said his barge laid at Trigstairs, and he should have the coals to-morrow; but instead of that the barge did not come till eight o'clock at night - that the lighterman, who fetched the barge, hailed Parker's folk, made his barge fast a little below, and went on shore; that he dropped his barge down along side, went on shore, and got a man to help him to turn the coals out of that barge into his own - that the lighterman then came and took the barge away, but he never saw him. I went to Inglefield-green, but could find no gentleman there of the name of Davies; there was a servant living in a gentleman's family there.
Cross-examined. Q. What sized place is the green? A. It is large; but I do not suppose there are a dozen gentlemen's houses. I inquired at the different public-houses, several people assured us no such person was living there - Knight expected the stones, but not by Parker; Parker did not ask us to let him go on to Staines - he never told us where Davies was to be found.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MITCHEL
               



            . I am inspecting surveyor of the Police ship. On the 30th of March the prisoners were brought in custody - I found a bill of lading for the stone on Parker, to go to Knight; and he had a receipt for a score of coals, which I returned to him; it came from Davey and Peggs - it was for a former voyage - it was money paid for coals; he gave me a similar account to what the other witness has stated; I could find no Davies at Inglefield; the coals were never claimed.
Cross-examined. Q. He always persisted in the same story? A. Yes; handbills were posted from Vauxhall to Limehouse about the coals; I made sufficient inquiries to be satisfied that no Mr. Davies lived at Inglefield - it is a small village.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RESTALL
               



            . I live in Trinity-lane, Queenhithe. On the 27th of March, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was in Thames-street, and saw Parker; he said, "Jolly. I have got some coals to throw, if you will go and help;" he asked if I could get another man; I said, Yes - he said he would go and ask Bates (who is his fellow-servant) to help - I went on board, just below Trig-stairs - Parker's barge laid just below Trig-stairs; the barge, with the coals, was on the London side - Parker, I, and Bates, went into seperate rooms, and threw the coals on board Parker's barge; it was a very dark night - I remained on board till the coals were nearly all out - nobody came on board while I was there - I neither saw nor heard any body - I left about one o'clock, leaving the prisoners in the barge; Bates works on board Parker's barge.
Cross-examined. Q. Bates was brought there by accident, as you were? A. Yes, for all I know. I could see there were only three rooms to the barge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PLATT
               



            . I am a lighterman, and know Parker- the Matthew is his barge, and Bates worked with him. On the 27th of March, about half-past seven o'clock at night, Parker called to me out of his barge just below Trig-stairs, and asked me to lend him my boat, to go across the water - he said he wanted it to discharge two tarpaulins; he came and brought it back in about half an hour.


                  JAMES 
                  ROSE
               



            . I am a bargeman. On the 27th of March, in the evening, I was at Trig-wharf, with my barge - the Matthew laid alongside of me, inside, next to Trig-stairs - I was putting my things to rights on my timber about a quarter past seven o'clock, and saw Parker and another man go over the water; they returned about eight o'clock, and Parker dropped his barge down below another. Nobody had hailed him or I must have heard it - I had been in my barge all the evening.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HORNE
               



            . I have two partners. I sold no coals to Parker on the 27th of March, or to any person to deliver to him. I never sold him any - the coals on board this barge were not sold; I enquired, but could find no Davies at Inglefield-green.
MR. 
               
                  PETER 
                  DAVEY
               



            . I sold no coals to Parker after January - he wanted to buy some on the 26th of March, but I refused to sell them.
PARKER's Defence. I carry goods for hire. On the 26th of March, a person came up and asked if there was a Staines bargeman there; I said I was one - he said he had some coals to send to a gentleman named Davies, at Inglefield-green. I gave him my card, and asked for the order - he said there was no need of an order. I asked him on whose account they were; he said on account of Spedding, and he would bring them down to me. On Tuesday, after high water, he brought them to me - on Tuesday evening, a little below bridge, he hailed the barge - I answered him. I said it was rather late, and rather refused taking them in; he said, "Then somebody else must," for he wanted the barge. He went on shore, and I went for a man to help me to throw them out - the lighterman then came, and took the barge away; I asked for the certificate - he said it was sent down to Davies, of Inglefield-green. I went from thence to Limehouse, and took in the stones for Mr. Knight - I then went to Chertsey. I wanted the officer to let me go to Staines, but he said he could find an owner in London. If I had stolen them I could have claimed them by the bill and receipt in my pocket, as it was about the same quantity.
PARKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BATES - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
