





1690. 
               
                  THOMAS SHARP 
                  BURKETT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September
, a crape scarf, value 30 s.; a lace veil, value 20 s.; two pairs of trowsers, value 20 s., and a handkerchief, value 20 s
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Elliott
               




            .
MR. ROBERTS conducted the prosecution.


                  ISABELLA 
                  ELLIOTT
               



            . I am the wife of William Elliott, an innkeeper
 of Bishopsgate-street


; the prisoner came to our house on the night of the 27th of September, and asked for lodgings; he had a coat and a dressing-case in his hand, and a porter with him carrying a trunk; he said he had lived in Spitalfields, but had lately been in the country, and was going to Hertfordshire the next day; he slept there that night; he came down in the morning: he said he had slept too late, and should go by the afternoon's coach; he then went out, and did not return; the next day I wanted some articles out of the drawers in the room where he had slept, and then missed these articles; I afterwards had the prisoner's trunk opened, which had remained in my house; I found some of my articles there; I gave an account of this to the officer, and described his person and name, which was on some of his things, he was apprehended, and this handkerchief found in his hat.


                  JAMES 
                  LATTER
               



            . I live with 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Purse
               



            ; he is a pawnbroker in London-wall; I have two pairs of trousers which were pawned by the prisoner on the 28th of September; I am positive of his person.


                  CHARLES 
                  WORLY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; I have a scarf and a lace veil, pawned by the prisoner on the 28th of September; I put several questions to him, and am positive of his person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COX
               



            . I am a constable; I received information, and took the prisoner; I found a handkerchief in his hat, which he said belonged to Mr. Elliott.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
