





1852. 
               
                  ANN 
                  CONNOR
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of August
, 1 shawl, value 15s., and 1 handkerchief, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Elliott
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  ELLIOTT
               



            . I am the wife of Richard Elliott - we live at Windsor. On the 17th of July, about eleven o'clock, I went into the Ship public-house, James-street, Covent-garden


; I had this handkerchief and shawl on my neck; there were four females there - one of them took up my glass of porter, and drank it; they then surrounded me, and insisted on my giving them liquor, but I had only three halfpence, which I paid for the beer - I went into the bar, to the landlord, and asked him if he would take either of my silk handkerchiefs for half-a-pint of gin, which they pressed me to give them. The prisoner, who was one of them, then spoke up violently, and said she would take my pockets off; she reached over the bar, took my handkerchief and shawl off, and ran away with them.


                  JOHN 
                  KNOWLES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I produce a shawl, which was pawned on the 17th of July, by a woman, in the name of Ann Connor - I cannot swear to the prisoner.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FAGAN
               



            . I am an officer. I received information, and took the prisoner on the 17th of July. I found no duplicate on her.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw the prosecutrix in liquor - several men were with her; I was afterwards in the Ship: she came in, and had some liquor; some time after she came with a beadle, and took me, but he let me go twice - he took me a third time; the prosecutrix is an unfortunate woman, and is not married.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
