





60. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KILPATRICK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of October
, 24 prints, value 5l.; 64 sheets of paper, value 14s.; 1 portfolio, value 2s.; 1 book, value 4s.; 9 pieces of pasteboard, value 5s., and 24 pieces of leather, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Fairbairn
               




            , his master.


                  JOHN 
                  FAIRBAIRN
               



            . I am a book-binder
, and live in Duke-street, Adelphi - the prisoner was my errand-boy
 On Saturday evening, the 17th of October, Schofield and two other officers came to tell me they had taken him with a gang of thieves, and on searching his lodgings found some articles which they thought were mine - I went on the Monday to the office, and found the articles stated, which are mine; I had seen some of them but a few days before, and some about a fortnight or three weeks; I had given him the prints to gather up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . On the 17th of October I went with Clements to search a room in Sherrard-street, Golden-square, where the landlady told me the prisoner lodged with his brother - I found a box. which I got the key of from the prisoner, I think, but I will not be positive - he was in custody; I told him I had searched his lodging, and found these prints and other things, which I suspected were Mr. Fairbairn's; he said the prints were his own, and he could prove where he bought them.
Prisoner. There was no lock or key to the box; the prints were in a bundle on the table, and some under the table. Witness. I will not be positive whether the box was locked or no; the prints were in the box - the pasteboard and paper were in a bundle, partly; I had two keys from him - one was a door key.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I went to the lodging; the box was opened by taking off a cord - I believe it was locked; these prints and papers were found, and I found some other articles in another part of the room, in a chair - these are the articles; this book and portfolio I received from a pawnbroker.
BENJAMIN SCHOFIELD. I have four prints, which I got from Hanbury.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS HANBURY
               



            . The prisoner gave me these prints on the 16th of October, and asked me to mind them for him; he was in his shirt-sleeves, and said he was in a hurry, but he should come and take them at night - this was at the George, in George-court, where I am servant; he lodged there then, but afterwards removed to where the officer went.


                  CHARLES 
                  BOORE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. This book and portfolio were pawned at our house by the prisoner, on the 24th and 30th of September - I am positive he is the person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUCHANAN
               



            . I know this portfolio by a fillet which is worked upon it, and I know the fillet has been in Mr. Fairbairn's warehouse for two years.
Prisoner. Q. Do not you often lend fillets out? A. That fillet was never lent out while I was there; I know this book by the paper and leather.
MR. FAIRBAIRN. These prints are mine; these three belonged to a work in the shop, which was waiting for the index - they are illustrations of Bowyer's History of England, and these others belong to the Florence Gallery; I had seen them a day or two before, and urged the prisoner to move them to another part of the shop, as the wet had come in - this book and portfolio we had not seen, as the prisoner had done them when we were out of the shop; I know this marble paper and the Morocco, which correspond with my materials; this pasteboard I had had in use, and here are some marks of glue on it.
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Fairbairn has sworn falsely to many of the articles. and so has the witness; the box was not locked, and the prints were on the table - this paper and board may be bought at any stationer's in London; the prints are common enough, and the fillet is lent to many binders.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
