





1624. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of October
, a watch, value 30 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Rose
               




            .


                  CHARLES 
                  THACKER
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. John Rose, watchmaker
, No. 427, in the Strand


. On the 19th of October the prisoner came into the shop to look at a mourning ring; I shewed him one at 1 l. - he said that was too large and wanted to look at another; I turned to the window, and on looking round, I saw a person bringing him in with the watch in his hand, which I had seen safe on the counter a quarter of an hour before; there was no other person in the shop but a lad who had been cleaning watches, which he put down on the counter to come to the window, to point out a ring which he thought might suit.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Can you undertake to say you saw the watch till it was put down on the counter by the prisoner? A. Yes, I saw it in his hand.


                  HENRY 
                  TOKELEY
               



            . I was passing near Mr. Rose's shop on the 19th of October, and saw the prisoner in the shop; he snatched a watch from the counter with his right hand, and ran toward the door; I seized him by the collar, and took him back. I did not see him lay the watch on the counter.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to my uncle's, and saw a mourning ring, which I wished to purchase; I went in and looked at it - it was rather too large - I asked if they had any smaller - they said No; I went out, and had got two or three doors off when the last witness came to me and said I had a watch; I said I had not - he pushed back me into the shop.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
