





FOURTH DAY. SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 14.
1185. 
               
                  
                     ABRAHAM 
                     HENRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of August
, one watch-chain, value 6 l.; three seals, value 4 l., and two rings, value 2 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel Douglas 
                           Ellem
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  DOUGAS ELLEM
               



            . On the evening of the 29th of August, about nine o'clock, I was returning to my house in the Commercial Road, with Mr. Taylor and my family, my watch was in my fob, and my coat was buttoned over it. About three minutes before the robbery, the prisoner looked me full in the face and passed me, and opposite Philpot-street


, he came on my right side, and seized my chain; the ring gave way - he got the chain and appendage, and then ran off. I pursued, and Captain Taylor called Stop thief! he was stopped before I lost sight of him - he had no hat on. The property was found. I said I would give 5 l. 5 s. for them, and the man who stopped him went with others in search, and found them.


                  JAMES 
                  BENDAL
               



            . I am a labourer. I was crossing Stepney-fields, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running into the fields, and others pursuing him; he was the first - I secured him. Mr. Ellem came up in a moment, and said that was the man who had robbed him. He was taken to the watch-house. I went with a lanthorn in search of the property - we found it in a field where he had run.


                  GEORGE 
                  FENNELL
               



            . I am a labourer. I was in the field with Bendal, and saw the prisoner running into the field. Bendal seized him. We picked up the seals just by the spot where he was taken.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Several people ran, and I ran as well, and was taken in a cluster of twenty people, who might have dropped it as well as me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
