





1696. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     MURRELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of July
, 1 watch, value 5l.; 3 seals, value 10s.; 1 key, value 10s.; and 1 gold chain, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bell
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ANN 
                  BELL
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Bell
               



            , who is a saddler
, and lives in George-street, Euston-square


. On the 20th of July we had the house to let, but resided in it at the time - the prisoner, who was quite a stranger, came to look at the house, as we had a bill up to let it; I was out at the time - the servant sent for me, and when I came I found him there: I took him up to the first floor, and told him it was not convenient to show him the upper part- I told him the terms, and came down; as he said he wished to see the upper part, I went up to ask the lodgers if they would let him; I left him on the stairs - I only knocked at the second floor door, and then came down; I had left him on the first floor stairs - my husband's watch hung on the mantel-piece of the first floor room, which was above the landing-place where he stood - I was not absent above a minute or two; when I came back, I perceived the door a little open, and suspecting he had been in, I went in, and immediately went to look on the mantel-piece for the watch; it was gone - I could not see it there; my husband had not taken it out in the morning, as he went out early; when I turned round, the prisoner was on his knees before me, with the watch in his hand - he said, "Lady, I have taken your watch do forgive me; I took it through distress - I have a wife and child;" I had not spoken to him about it.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Before he knew you missed it, he repented, and told you he had it? A. Yes, before I asked him for it; I had missed it, and felt certain he had it - he gave it up of his own accord; I was alone.
Q. There was nothing to prevent his running away? I had given no alarm, but there were lodgers in the house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BELL
               



            . I was sent for, and found the prisoner in the house; he fell on his knees and begged forgiveness - I took him to the office; he said he had taken the watch through distress, and was very sorry for it - here it is; it cost me five guineas sixteen years ago.
The prisoner pleaded distress.




               GUILTY (of stealing to the value of 99s. only.)
             Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
