





162. 
               
                  JEFFERY 
                  ALDERFIELD
               




            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of November
, a shawl, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Margaret 
                        Onwhyn
                     




                  , widow
, from her person
            .
MARGARET ONWHYN. I am a widow, and live in Pear-street, Westminster


, and am an unfortunate woman. On the 3d of November, at half-past eleven o'clock, at night, I was standing at my door in Pear-street, where I then lived, when the prisoner came by and snatched my shawl off my neck, without speaking a word. - I did not know him before; he had a white coat on - he ran away, and I followed him into a public-house next door - I followed him up to the first floor back room, and asked him for my shawl. He said it was down stairs in the back parlour. I went down, and a parcel of girls were there, whom he might have given it to. I asked for it - they said there was no shawl there. I went and staid on the stairs till two, crying for it, as it was the only one I had. I fetched a watchman at two o'clock - he went up to the room - I found the prisoner there in bed, with a girl - two or three girlswere in the room, and his white coat was there. I knew him without that. I have not recovered it.


                  THOMAS 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I am a watchman. The prosecutrix came to me at two o'clock, and said a man had snatched her shawl. She took me to the back room, first floor, of this house, where I found the prisoner in bed with two women - I looked for the white coat, but could not see it - it was found next morning, and answered the description she had given of it. She charged him with stealing her shawl - he said he was in bed at the time - she said he was the man immediately she saw him.
Prisoner. Q. Was there not another man in the room? A. No; she was sober.


                  ROBERT 
                  HAYES
               



            . I am a constable; the prisoner was brought to the watch-house - the girl was sober, and told this story; as she said he had a white coat on I searched the room in the morning, and found a white coat; the girl in the room would not let me have it, but she brought it to him at the office, and I detained it.
Prisoner's Defence. I came home with my coach, about ten o'clock, and went up to bed; a girl came to me about twelve o'clock, so drunk, that she fell out of the window; they called for me. I went down, and helped her up, and in about two hours, this woman brought the constable, and said she had lost her shawl. I said "Your shawl is not here, it is down stairs;" she brought the watchman - there was another man in the room - she said "I don't know which of you it is, but one of you have got the shawl,"



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
