






1193. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SLAUGHTER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of May

, 10 cwt. of cast-iron, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Want
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Richardson
               



            ; and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CHRISTMAS
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to be stolen
            ; against the Statute, &c.
THOMAS WANT. I am in partnership with John Richardson - we are brickmakers

 and builders

; we lost this iron - it is our's.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Can you tell when this was on your premises? A. I have lost 104 metals since February, but I cannot tell when I lost any particular quantity.
Prisoner SLAUGHTER. Q. Is it your's, or is it not? A. Yes; I know this piece by its being a particular sort, which was made on purpose to cross the roads - they would not let me use any other, because the carts should not be shaken; I had twenty-eight yards of it, and these three yards were found at Christmas's house.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Is there any mark on it? A. No; but we have more like it - it is of a particular shape - no other persons use such as this for a rail-way; I had the mould cast for this at Mr. Fowler's, and he never cast such for anybody else.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I was employed to take up this rail-way in March last; Slaughter applied to me to let him have the iron, but I refused to sell it him - there was some of it afterwards missing.
Cross-examined. Q. Slaughter applied to you to buy some metal? A. Yes; he goes about to collect small quantities of metal, and sell it to the dealers; I know nothing of any particular piece of metal.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I went with Mr. Want to Christmas' premises at Hounslow, where I found 10 1/2 cwt. of this sort of metal; he was not at home - but I saw him afterwards, and asked where he got it; he said he had it of a man with one hand, and he believed his name wasSlaughter - nothing was said about it when they were both together.
Cross-examined. Q. You know nothing of Slaughter but what you heard from Christmas? A. No; I took him in the country - Christmas was summoned as a witness at Bow-street - he came, and was committed on Monday last; when I went to his house, Mrs. Christmas shewed me the iron; there was a great deal of broken iron about, and some of these pieces were whole; I believe these pieces are sold as old iron when they are broken: Hounslow is about six miles from the prosecutors premises - Christmas said he had given 3s. a cwt. for it.


                  JOHN 
                  WELCH
               



            . I am a servant at Hillingdon. I saw Slaughter with some iron like this in his cart, crossing a field about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's - he was coming towards the road leading to London; I went and took hold of his donkey; he begged and prayed for us to let him go: we told him we would take the iron back to where he got it - he said he had nine pieces from the wharf, and two from Mr. Rodney's gateway; he gave no account of buying it - we took him into custody.
MR. WANT. Mr. Rodney is a farmer; I put some iron on his premises for safety.
MR. ADOLPHUS to JOHN WELCH. Q. Then Slaughter never had time to go to Hounslow with this iron? A. No. There were five pieces.
Prisoner SLAUGHTER. Two persons came up; one caught hold of the donkey's head, and the other loaded the iron into the cart - they said they knew where it came from.
JOHN WELCH. Yes; we brought back the cart, and put some iron in, which we found in a ditch; I was thirsty, and went to have a draught of water, and there I saw it; and he having some in his cart, I thought it was all of one parcel.
SLAUGHTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CHRISTMAS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
