





786. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GREGORY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of January
, 1 snuff-box, value 10l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Sydenham
               




            .
WILLIAM SYDENHAM. I am a jeweller
, and live in Dean-street, Fetter-lane. On the 13th of January I met the prisoner at the Boar's Head public-house, Fleet-street; I did not know him before - he came in while I was there with a friend; I then went to the Twelve Bells public-house, in Bride-lane


; he followed me there, and annoyed me very much - he would not leave me; he had seen me take snuff from the box several times at the Boar's Head; I lost it at the Twelve Bells - I was there at nine o'clock in the morning; I had been up all night - I had been to a supper; I was in the tap-room at the Twelve Bells, and fell asleep - I am sure my snuff-box was then in my lefthand trousers pocket - he did not drink with me; I got there about nine o'clock - I left the Boar's head between eight and nine; I had staid at my friends to supper till between four and five o'clock, and called at the Boar's Head as I returned; I then went to the Twelve Bells to get rid of the prisoner; when I awoke, my box was gone, and so was the prisoner; I saw it again about eight o'clock that evening; he was in the house when I went to sleep.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOKE
               



            . I live at the Twelve Bells, Bride-lane. Mr. Sydenham came to our house about nine o'clock in the morning; he sat down and went to sleep - I saw the prisoner sitting on his left hand side; I had seen him (the prisoner) twice before: I saw his left hand about the prosecutor's pockets, but did not see him take anything out; he went away, about eight minutes before the prosecutor awoke.


                  JOHN 
                  HUCKEL
               



            . I am an inspector of the watch. I received information and took the prisoner that evening in Water-lane, in a public-house; he is a coal-heaver; I told him I wanted to speak to him; I then saw him endeavouring to hand something to another coal-heaver who sat by him; I desired that man to come away, which he did; I then told the prisoner to come out; he said he would not; he stooped down; I heard something drop, which I took up; it was this box; I then took him in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
