






2018. 
               
                  CELIA 
                  HENLEY
               




             and 
               
                  MARY 
                  CANNON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of October
, 20 yards of printed cotton, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Brown
               




            .


                  HENRY 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am shopman to my brother William, linen-draper
, of the Minories


. The prisoners came to the shop between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, and looked at several pieces of print, and after shewing them several they fixed on two remnants, which came to 8s. - I folded them up, and they said they would pay 2s. deposit; Henley put her hand to her pocket, and said she had left her money on the mantel-shelf, and would leave me her shawl till she brought the 2s.: they left the shop - I suspected them, went out and brought them back, and saw this linen fall from Cannon; I charged her with taking it - she said she knew nothing about it; I stopped them five or six yards from the door - I have some recollection of them both before.
Prisoner HENLY. I never went out of the shop - we were both at the top of the shop. Witness. They were both out of the shop.


                  PETER 
                  BOSTON
               



            . I am an officer, and received the prisoners in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
HENLEY'S Defence. I was never outside the shop - as we came in we saw the print lying there; I had gone out in a hurry, and left 2s. on my shelf, and told him to put my name on the print; as I came down the shop he laid hold of me, and said the print fell from Cannon.
CANNON'S Defence. I did not leave the shop at all.
HENLY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
CANNON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
