





1484 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     COVER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of June
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 2 guineas; 26 sovereigns, and 15 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Brunsden
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of Richard Campbell
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRUNSDEN
               



            . I was at Hanworth


, and slept there, at Richard Campbell's house. The prisoner and I went to bed together on Sunday evening, and on Monday, the 29th of June, when I awoke, about four o'clock in the morning, I missed my watch and money - I turned round, and missed my bed-fellow; I then turned round to the window to look at my watch, and found it was gone - I looked round for my trousers, and my pockets were both turned inside out; I am sure the money was in the pockets before I went to bed; I received the money between seven and eight o'clock, and went to bed about nine - I did not take it out to count it, but am sure it was safe when I went to bed; I have known the prisoner about three weeks or a month, but this was the first night I had slept with him - we are 
labourer


s.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you drunk over night? A. No, quite sober; it is Campbell's house- I used to trade in pigs and potatoes in Gloucestershire: I left there about three months ago - I had saved this money: the prisoner had seen me with it; the prisoner and I have been working at Mr. Maines, at Hanworth-park - I had 14s. a week; I carried this money about, because I thought it the safest way.
COURT. Q.How long had you had the money? A. The twenty-six sovereigns had been in my pocket for three months.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I am a constable. On the morning of the 29th of June, the prosecutor applied to me, and said he had been robbed of twenty-six sovereigns, ten shillings, and his watch; the Magistrate granted a warrant - I went to Hanworth with him about two days afterwards, and traced out where the prisoner came from - I went to the place, but he was gone; I left instructions with the constable of the district, who brought the prisoner to me with part of the property.


                  THOMAS 
                  HORE
               



            . On the 29th of June the prisoner asked me to buy a watch - this was in Ramshaw parish, Hampshire; I do not know how far it is from Hanwell - he asked me if 
               
                  William 
                  Britten
               



             wanted one - I told him I did not know; he then asked me to take it to him, which I did - I should know it again; I did not sell it to Britten - I only had it to carry to him.
Cross-examined. A. Do not you know how far you live from London? A. It is near fifty miles - the watch was in my possession about a quarter of an hour; I should know it by a stamp at the end of the handle - Britten works for the same gentleman as I do; I knew the prisoner before - I had not seen him the day before; it was on a Monday, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon; he had his working clothes on.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRITTEN
               



            . I received this watch from Hore- I was to have it a month on trial; I had some conversation with the prisoner about it on the night I received it - I was to give him 2l. 5s. for it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARRETT
               



            . Ramshaw is considered fifty miles from London - the prosecutor's landlord goes by the name of Kemble; it is a private house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRUNSDEN
               



            . This is my watch, I have had it six months; I think my landlord spells his name Kembel.
Cross-examined. Q. Who sold you the watch? A. 
               
                  George 
                  Box
               



            , of Gloucester.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not in a dwelling-house
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
