





1076. 
               
                  HARRIET 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, 1 watch, value 30s.; 1 ribbon, value 1d.; 2 watch-keys, value 6d.; 2 rings, value 6d., and 1 slide, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Brittain
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS BRITTAIN. I am warehouseman
 to a drysalter. On the 13th of April, about one o'clock in the morning, I was in King-street, Snow-hill, going home to Bridgewater-gardens - I fell in with the prisoner; she laid hold of me, and asked me to walk with her, in a lane which runs into Chick-lane


 - she enticed me down there, into some yard; I was not more than three minutes with her. I took my watch from my fob and put it into my pocket, when I met her; I gave her 2d. or 3d.; she asked me to go to a house with her, but I declined. I missed my watch almost immediately she left me - she went straight down the passage; I went after her, and met a watchman - we went in pursuit, but did not find her, but in about ten minutes I found her in the watch-house with my watch - I am sure she is the girl.


                  GEORGE 
                  RICE
               



            . I am a watchman. The prisoner passed my box in John's-court, as the clock struck one - hearing of this I described her to my brother watchman, who stopped her at the corner of Field-lane, and gave her to me, and as I brought her by the Saracen's Head she tookthis watch from her bosom; I took hold of her hand, and asked her to give it to me, but she said she would give it to the man it belonged to.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met him - he talked with me, and looked at his watch, and all at once said, "Take my watch, and hold it a few minutes, while I go up here;" I waited ten minutes - he never returned; I walked about till the watchman took me - I said I wanted to find the man to give him his watch. I went to the watch-house, and gave it into his hand; he said I had not robbed him; the constable said I might go, and as I came out the gentleman came in, and said, "This shall be made a charge of felony - you must go to the Compter."


                  GEORGE 
                  RICE
               



            . She said nothing of the kind - she was taken within ten minutes of the robbery.
T. BRITTAIN. I did not give it to her I swear.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
