





456. 
               
                  MARY 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of January
, 1 key, value 2d.; 1 knife, value 2d.; 1 handkerchief, value 8d.; 3 half-crowns, and 2 shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Hill
               




            .
EDWARD HILL. I am a baker
. On the evening of the 7th of January I met the prisoner in Cow-cross; I went with her, and had some porter at a public-house; we then went to Red Lion-alley


 - I felt her hand in my pocket; I put my hand on her, and I saw my money in her hand; there were three half-crowns, two shillings, a handkerchief, a knife, and a key; I had not given her any of them.


                  HENRY 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I saw the prosecutor and prisoner in Red Lion-alley; I heard him say, "Give me my money," and she replied, with an oath, that she had no money - he had taken the other things from her before.


                  EDMUND 
                  FITZ GEORGE
               



            . I am a watchman. I took the prisoner to the watch-house; she was intoxicated, but did not seem insensible.


                  JOHN 
                  HAYFORD
               



            . I was the officer on duty. I produce these two half-crowns and two shillings, which I found in the prisoner's mouth, and in her hand; she resisted very much: she did not say then that it was her own money; she said so at the office the next day.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor said at Hatton-garden that I had the other things in my hand, but I had not; I was very much intoxicated when I met him; I had some money of my own, but I do not know how much; the officer took the money out of my bosom, and then said he took it out of my mouth - I called the watchman myself, because it was my own money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
