





Fourth Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
868. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  ROBINSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of March
, 1 pair of sheets, value 10s.; 2 shifts, value 8s., and 1 petticoat, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Horwood
               




            , widow
.
ELIZABETH HORWOOD. I am a widow, and live in Bell-street, Marylebone


 - I take in a little washing. On the 19th of March I sent my little boy, who is ten years of age, to Mrs. Davis, at No. 11, with a pair of sheets, two shifts, and a petticoat, which I had had to wash, and they were to go there to be mangled; this was a little after seven o'clock - I saw him go into the house, and ran back to iron a shirt; my little boy came directly, which surprised me; he said a young woman met him in the passage, and told him Mrs. Davis was not at home, and she took the things - I ran there immediately and found Mrs. Davis was at home. I have since seen the sheets at a pawnbroker's; they belong to a customer of mine, and have I. H. W. on them.


                  HENRY 
                  HORWOOD
               



            . I received the bundle from my mother; I took it to Mrs. Davis, and met the prisoner in the passage; I am quite sure she is the person; I said to her"Is Mrs. Davis at home?" she said, "No, she is not, I will take the things down to Mrs. Carter's till she comes in;" she then took them from my hands.


                  JAMES 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. These sheets were pawned with me on the morning of the 20th of March, by the prisoner. I am certain of her person.


                  JONATHAN 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am an officer. I met Mrs. Horwood, who told me of what had happened; I took up the prisoner; I turned her out with six or seven other women, and asked the little boy which was the woman; he pointed her out immediately.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
