





171. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     WOODWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of October
, seven caps, value 6 s.; two petticoats, value 4 s.; one table cloth, value 2 s.; one handkerchief, value 1 s., and eight pair of stockings, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Edwards
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN EDWARDS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Edwards
               



            , we occupy two parlours in Kirby-street


. On the 21st of October, about eight o'clock at night, I came home for some clean linen, after working at Kentish-town, and found the garden pots thrown down and broken. I missedthese things on the 23d. I nailed up the door and returned on the 26th and found it broken open, and other things gone. I gave information. I searched the first floor and found two false keys and an eight-day clock. We searched every room in the house, and found the stairs very dirty, and the closet on the first floor fastened. I tried to open it, but could not. I sent for an officer, the door was then open, and in the two pair back room we found the prisoner secreted in the fire place. Her bonnet was trimmed with my ribbons, and she had two of my petticoats on her. I have seen her before.


                  THOMAS 
                  NEWTON
               



            . On the 26th of October, I was sent for, and found the prisoner in the chimney place. The prosecutrix claimed the petticoats and cap she had on. I found four duplicates on her.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
