





Before Mr. Recorder.
168. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  SWAINE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of November
, nineteen yards of kerseymere, value 7 l., and a wrapper, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Giles
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hooper
               



            .
2d COUNT, stating them to be the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Bush
               



            .
3d COUNT, stating them to be the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sergeant
               



             and others, his partner.
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Thomas Sergeant and Co., Trowbridge. In November last I took a truss, containing kerseymere, to the waggon of Messrs. Giles and Hooper, of Trowbridge; I packed it myself - it contained about nineteen yards, and was worth seven guineas; it was directed to Mr. Joseph Bush, of Newark.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOULTER
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. William Giles and Thomas Hooper. I received the truss, containing the kerseymere, from Stevens, on Monday, the 15th of November; I put it into the front part of the waggon, to come to the King's Arms, Snow-hill, London. 
               
                  Christopher 
                  White
               



             is the driver; 
               
                  Walter 
                  Picket
               



             was to drive the waggon into London.
WALTER PICKET. I am a waggoner. I drove Mr. Hooper's waggon the last stage into London, on the night of the 17th of November - about eleven o'clock I stopped to give my horses some hay and water at Hounslow; I went into the tap-room, and saw the prisoner just at the door; I had known him, as he had been guard to this waggon for three years. He went out in about a minute after we went in; I did not see him again that night. We got to the King's Arms at five o'clock the next morning.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARSHALL
               



            . I am book-keeper to Mr. Hearn. at the King's Arms, Snow-hill; this waggon came there on the 18th of November; the truss was not in it.


                  ROBERT 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am a watchman. On the morning of the 18th of November, about three o'clock, I stopped the prisoner in Long-acre, with this truss; he said he had been sent from Mr. Hearn's office, to overtake the waggon in which this parcel was put by mistake.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HEARN
               



            . I keep the King's Arms, Snow-hill; the prisoner was in the service of Messrs. Gilles and Hooper, and left them in September, 1821; I had paid him his wages while he was there. I never gave him any directions about this truss.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A man gave it to me to bring a little way for him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
