





708. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  COOK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, a handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Benjamin 
                        Hayles
                     




                  , from his person
            .
BENJAMIN HAYLES. I am assistant to Mr. Steward, a surgeon
, of Great Mary-le-bone-street. On the 28th of February, about ten minutes past three o'clock, I was passing through a crowd in Holborn


; before I entered the crowd I pressed my handkerchief down as close as I could into my pocket, and kept my left hand on it. After I had passed the crowd I felt it gone; I directly turned round, and heard an officer say,
"Who has lost a handkerchief?" he had it in his hand, and had hold of the prisoner - I had not noticed him in the crowd.
Prisoner. Q. Was I in custody when the officer gave you the handkerchief? A. Yes, he had you by the collar.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  BOWER
               



            . I am beadle of St. Giles's. I was in Holborn, keeping the pavement clear opposite a fire which had happened the night before. I observed a rush, and the moment Mr. Hayles passed me I saw the prisoner drop the handkerchief on the ground; I took it up, collared him, and said,
"Who has lost a handkerchief?" Mr. Hayles claimed it - my brother officer said,
"Don't put it into your pocket" - he then gave it to me, and I have had it ever since. The prisoner said he did not take it, and I was a false man altogether. I am certain hedropped it out of his left hand; he was just behind Mr. Hayles at the time.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARKE
               



            . I am a beadle of St. Giles's. I met my brother officer going to the watch-house with this man, and assisted in taking him.
Prisoner's Defence. It is very odd that this man did not take me till after the prosecutor came up and said he had lost his handkerchief - I waited there till he found the owner, which I should not have done had I been guilty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 83.




               Transported for Life
            .
