





Before Mr. Justice Park
1905. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     CURTIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, 1 watch, value 14s., and 1 stand, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hutchings
                  




               
            : and that at the Delivery of the King's Gaol of Newgate, on the 15th of January, in the 9th year of His Majesty's Reign, he was convicted of felony.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUTCHINGS
               



            . I am a gardener
, and live at Crouch-end


. The prisoner came to my house on Friday night, and engaged a bed for his father and himself; they slept there that night, and on Saturday - the prisoner was about the house all the morning, reading a book of his own; he went away about noon, and about half-past nine o'clock in the evening I missed a watch and stand from the mantel-piece of the room he slept in - he had returned two or three hours before; I charged him with it - he denied knowing any thing about it: I sent for an officer, and gave him in charge - a knife and comb, but no money, were found on him; he, wanted to speak to me privately - the officer would not allow it; he said if we would give him back what we had taken from him, he would tell us where the watch was, he would shew us the pond they were in; he tucked up his sleeve, and pulled the bottom of the stand out of the pond - the watch was found afterwards in the same place; he said he had put them there, seeing a woman coming up the hill - he thought it was my wife pursuing him. having missed the property: I believe I said if he told where they were I would let him go.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BRETT
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner; what Hutchings has stated passed in my presence.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a plumber. I went to the cage on Sunday morning, and in consequence of information from the prisoner, I went to the pond and got the watch.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner made no Defence.


                  JOHN 
                  BRADY
               



            . I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction; I was present at his trial, and know him to be the person - (read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
