






1787. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of June
, 4 bedsteads, value 8l.; 4 beds, value 8l.; 4 bolsters, value 1l.; 8 pillows, value 1l.; 4 sets of curtains, value 5l.; 3 tables, value 5l.; 2 chests of drawers, value 4l; 10 chairs, value 4l.; 4 mattresses, value 4l.; 1 palliasse, value 10s.; 8 pairs of blankets, value 2l.; 1 desk, value 1l.; 60 knives and forks, value 2l.; 2 sets of fire irons, value 10s.; 40 yards of carpeting, value 4l.: 20 brass rods, value 20s.; 1 fender, value 10s.; 1 tea urn, value 10s.; 1 coffee biggen, value 10s.; 6 pairs of sheets, value 3l.; 1 sofa, value 2l.; 1 pair of pantaloons, value 5s.; 1 hat, value 2l.; 2 shirts, value 6s.; and 12 books, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Provis
                  




               
            .
Messrs. ADOLPHUS, PRENDERGAST, and DUNN conducted the Prosecution.


                  HENRY 
                  PROVIS
               



            . I live in Buckinghamshire, and am an architect and engineer
. The house No. 37, George-street


, is mine - I let it furnished to the female prisoner; the rent had been 60l. per year unfurnished, and was to be 70l. per year furnished: and to commence at Christmas, 1826- I went into the country, but frequently returned to town.
COURT. Q. Was the furniture in it your's? A. Part of it was mine and part Baker's; in return for her services, I had furnished one room, which was to be her's - the furniture of that room might be worth about 10l.; the other furniture in the house belonged to me, and was worth about 60l.
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You returned at various times? A. Yes, and every thing was quite right up to the 7th of February, on which day I left town; I returned again on the 28th of July - the house was shut up; I knocked some time at the door and could not get in, but one of the windows was open - some one got in and opened the door; the house was stripped of every thing but the kitchen poker - there had been some books in the kitchen, which were my own property; there were some clothes which I had worn when I had been in London - there was all the articles stated in the indictment gone, and many more; I have seen a table and some other things since.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you married? Yes; I have no one who was present when I let the house to Baker - she had lived in my service, at different times, perhaps for six years, partly in London and partly in Buckinghamshire: she was my housekeeper
 - I think there were six bedsteads in the house, and four were mine - I have no one here of whom I bought any of them, or who saw them in my possession; the male prisoner lodged there - my agreement was, to have a bed in the house when I came to town, provided there was a spare one; and she was to provide me with food - I generally lodged in the attic; I was not there long at a time - I have been there while the male prisoner lodged there; I have taken tea with him - there was a large mahogany table which I had let with the house, in the room he occupied; I bought it at a sale of Mr. Howard, in Judd-street - the female prisoner did not buy the articles I call mine; that I deliberately swear - she, perhaps, accompanied me to buy half of them; but, upon my oath, I did not give them to her - I have sent her food, but not for her to know who sent it.
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Have you seen any of your articles in the possession of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Davies
               



            ? A. Yes; the kitchen table, at which I have repeatedly written, and a chest of drawers - I sent her food in prison, because I heard she wanted it; she said she was starving.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  LAMB
               



            . I am a surgeon. About March last, I was about to purchase a piece of furniture; Mrs. Baker told me she did not know a cheaper place than Oxenden's rooms in Oxford-street - I said I was not aware that any articles of value were sold there; she said Mr. Provis bought the furniture there which belonged to him - and Thompson observed, that very good articles were sometimes to be got there as bargains, but that entirely depended upon the attendance or non-attendance of Jew brokers - the furniture was removed from No. 37, George-street in June or July; I understood, she spoke generally of the furniture of the house - I did not understand it meant all the furniture of the house; I knew she bought some herself - after the furniture was removed, I assisted in apprehending the male prisoner; he begged and entreated to be let go - I would not, and he ran away; he was taken to the watch-house, and produced a receipt for the furniture, having purchased it of the other prisoner.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Then your only occupation is not that of a surgeon, you take thieves? A. I give them to the officer - I cannot tell of any one article of furniture which she had purchased: I only knew by what she said to me that she had purchased some - I attended her when she was ill; I had no hostile feeling towards either of the prisoners - I had some legal proceedings with Baker for my expences as a surgeon; I do not exactly know the amount of my bill - the debt stands as it did; I knew Thompson to be the person against whom the warrant was issued - I saw him in the street, and apprehended him; I never did such a thing in my life before - I live at No. 17, Carmarthen-street; I do not know that Baker had ever sold these goods as her own - I do not know her hand-writing.
MR. DUNN. Q. Is Mr. Provis a friend of yours? A. Yes, I have known him some time - I saw one load of the furniture handed out of the passage of the house to the carman; I endeavoured to find Mr. Provis' address - I was three days finding it out, and before I could write he came to town.


                  ROWLAND 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a surgeon in Carmarthen-street - Mr. Lamb resides with me; I have been at the house of the prisoners - I was there in the beginning of June; I had some conversation with Baker - I told her that the other prisoner had circulated a report that the furniture was his, and that it was very wrong such reports should be circulated, for very likely, as he was in some difficulties, an execution would be put in, and it would be taken - she said if any thing of that kind happened she would send to Mr. Provis, and be would trounce them, for the furniture was his.


                  FRANCES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I lived as servant at the house - Mrs. Baker was my mistress; Thompson occupied the front andback parlour in the latter end of June - the whole of the furniture was removed by Thompson's direction; he sent it away in a cart - I saw him assist in the removal; there were some books which were tied up in a cloth, and sent away by him - the clothes were all tied up and sent away; the bedsteads, chest of drawers, and other things were put into the cart - Baker was not present when the whole of it went away; I remember Skinner was one of the carters.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you attend the first examination? A. Yes; I saw Thompson at Marlborough-street, and asked him if he would pay me my wages - he told me he had no money, and could not pay me; I gave evidence after that, but I should have done so if he had paid me - I did not know Baker was in difficulty; I knew there was to be an execution in the house - I did not know the goods were removed to avoid the execution; I was present when the Sheriffs' officer came - I do not know when it was; I did not leave the house till the goods were removed - the surgeons did attend me; I think the goods were removed the same week that the Sheriffs' officer came - I think it was within two days; I know they were removed to avoid the execution.
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Why do you know it? A. The officer told me so - he did not call himself a Sheriffs' officer; he asked for Mrs. Baker - that is all I know; I do not know what he was, and Thompson did not say.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Upon your oath did not this gentleman come to the house and produce his warrant to seize? A. I do not know; he offered me a paper, but I did not know what it was - I did not know the man.
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Were your wages paid when you left the house? A. No; I did not see Thompson till he was in custody - I did not propose that if he would pay me I would not give evidence; some proposals have been made to me by Mr. Wallis, who is not here.


                  JAMES 
                  PARROTT
               



            . I am a carter; I know Thompson. In June last my master, Mr. Skinner, sent me to No. 36, George-street, to remove some things - I went in the morning, between ten and eleven o'clock, and twice afterwards in the day; I saw Thompson, the servant, and an elderly woman - I took the goods, which consisted of chairs, tables, and other things, to a coffee-shop at the corner of Grafton-street; Mr. Thompson sent me on, and followed the cart - when I got to the corner of Grafton-street I put the things down by the railings: another cart came and took some of them - Thompson was present at the time; I took a large table to Mr. Chapman's, a pawnbroker, by Thompson's order - he said it was paid for; I removed two other loads in the course of the day - Thompson was present, I acted under his orders - he told me he was going to take them to a sale the next morning; he did not say whose they were.


                  GEORGE 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at No. 30, London-street, Fitzroy-square. I received the table; Mr. Provis saw it, and claimed it - Thompson came to my shop, said he had a table to dispose of and wished me to go and see it - he gave me the number of the house in George-street; I went, and saw him there - he said from some pressing circumstances he wished to sell it; he did not state any particulars, and I bought it.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did not he tell you an execution was expected every day against the woman? A. I saw no woman, and cannot tax my recollection as to whether it was said.


                  JOHN 
                  WALTON
               



            . I keep a coffee-shop, at No. 11, Grafton-street, Fitzroy-square. Thompson came to me, and said he was a house-agent and broker
; he asked if I had any place in which he could put some things for a few days - I told him I had a place at liberty; he brought some things, and put them in my kitchen - this was about the beginning of July, I think; he was a stranger - he did not say he had any thing to sell; he brought some things, and took them away in two or three days; I saw bedsteads, and, I believe, a chest of drawers, but there were a very few things - they remained three or four days; the carman is here who took them away; I saw one parcel of them taken away, but I was obliged to go out - Thompson was present, and the carman; that was all I saw.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean that Thompson was present? A. To the best of my knowledge he was there; I think I saw him.


                  ROBERT 
                  DAVIES
               



            . I live at No. 27, Little Pulteney-street. I bought a chest of drawers, a large deal table, and a few more things of Thompson - the prosecutor has seen them and claimed them; he did not say whose they were.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not hear from him that it was removed to avoid an execution? A. No - I went to Meard's-court, and there I bought them; Thompson appeared to be the occupier of that place.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SKINNER
               



            . I am master of the carman who has been examined. Thompson came to me, and I sent my man: he came for him again, and I sent him again; in about a fortnight I was going down George-street - he came and said he wanted a cart, could he have it; I said Yes - I drew up to the house, and took out a bedstead; Baker was in the kitchen, helping us up with it; I did not wait, but sent for my man, who took them.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear of any execution against the goods? A. I heard nothing at all, but by seeing the cart loaded in such a bustle, I thought there was something very queer in it.
MR. PROVIS re-examined. I went to Mr. Davies, and saw some property, which was mine; I had let it in the house to the female prisoner - I saw the table shown by Mr. Chapman; that was a part of it.
Cross-examined. Q. Was there a coffee-biggin? A. No; I found nothing portable; there were two large tables and a chest of drawers - I know the woman has bought goods, and put them in the house; I do not know whether she bought a chest of drawers or a deal table, but the table I saw was my own - I do not know whether she was in any difficulty; I never saw her from the 7th of February till she was in custody: all I know about the man, is that he was a lodger in the house - the lodging was furnished, and was let to him by the other prisoner; he might take her for the owner of the house.
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Have you yourself had any conversation with him, as to who was the owner? A. No - the property she bought was bought with my money partly, which I owed for wages; I think it was legally hers but morally mine; I was to allow it her in the rent.
COURT. Q. Did you know of any execution? A. No- I have heard of such a thing since I have been in town, but I know nothing of it.

MR. CLARKSON called -


                  LAURENCE 
                  NATHAN
               



            . I am an officer of the Sheriff of Middlesex. I had this warrant in my possession; before I received it I had this warrant in my possession; before I received it I had been to No. 36, George-street, for the purpose of arresting Thompson. I saw this servant, and told her my object; I saw Baker, and told her the same: this warrant is dated the 28th of July - I went to execute it two or three times, but the house was closed; when I went there first the house was fall of goods, but when I entered with the warrant there were no goods on the premises; I endeavoured to follow them, but could not find them - the warrant is against William Thompson and Ann Baker - if I had found any goods I should have seized them, and sold them; I remember being in the Court of King's Bench; I arrested Thompson, and he offered Baker as bail to me - she offered to become bail for the man: I asked if she was a responsible person, and could pay the money, if he should fix her, and she said Yes, her furniture in her house in George-street would pay it.
BAKER - GUILTY. Aged 43.




               Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor
            .




               Confined Twelve Months
            .
THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 47.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
