






89. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LONG
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of August

, four pieces of paper hanging, containing twelve yards each, value 2 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cox
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Cox
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ASHMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, he well knowing it to be stolen
            .
(MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  COX
               



             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  DUGDALE
               



             being examined, gave the same evidence as on the former trial, it is presumed unnecessary to repeat it here.)


                  JOSEPH 
                  TREBLE
               



            . I was in the paper-hanging business
. I learned Ashman my trade. In August, last he employed me to assist him in papering a house for Mr. Mullin's, we did the job together; he was to receive the money and pay me. I got the paper from Long that the job was done with, by Ashman's desire. He knew Long was the prosecutors porter, I am certain of it, for I have told him so. I then lodged in Upper Thames-street. Ashman and I took the paper from Thames-street, Long had brought it to my apartment. A flock border was also put round the room, which was obtained from Long. Ashman was to pay 8 s. a piece for it, the trade price was 25 s. He was to give 5 s. a piece for the paper, the trade price for which was 8 s. 6 d.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Who made the bargain with Mullins - A. Ashman. I was to share the profit, but I appeared as the journeyman. I took some patterns. I have a memorandum in my book which enables me to say it was in August, (reads) "10th of August, received of Ashman, 1 l." That was the day the rooms were finished. I am sure Ashman took it from Thames-street. I never delivered him a bill made out as bought of me. My friends advised me to become a witness, and I sent to Mr. Harmer offering to be a witness. Ashman told me he was have 20 l. each for two houses he was to do for Clemence.
MR. ALLEY. Q. Whose hand-writing is this book - A. Ashman's; it is the book he kept to enter up the account. Here is an entry, (reads) "11th of August, paper to Mullins's job, 20 s. cash, to Treble." This tallies with my book, I altered my book on comparing it with his, as he said mine was wrong.
MR. DUGDALE. I saw that book found in Ashman's house.


                  MARTHA 
                  TREBLE
               



            . Deposed to the same effect as on the former trial.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOUSTED
               



            . I keep a public house, at the corner of Addle-hill, opposite to where Long lived. I once saw him carry paper into his house in the Summer,he came out with it and went towards Blackfriar's-bridge; he went in at one door and out at the other with it.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MULLINS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Newington-road. Ashman papered two rooms for me, in August. Mr. Cox saw the rooms afterwards; here is the bill he gave me for the work done, the paper is charged 7 d. a yard. He once pawned eight pieces of paper with me. Treble assisted in the work. I have seen a woman named Cardinal, with Ashman; I always understood her to be Mrs. Ashman.


                  JANE 
                  CARDINAL
               



            . I know Ashman. I recollect when Treble was taken up; about that time Ashman spoke to me on the subject. When Treble brought the paper to the house, I told him I did not think Treble got it honestly. He said if he did not he paid a fair price for it. I said he would get himself into trouble. He said if he did, he did not care, they could do nothing to him but transport him. This was a few days before he was apprehended.
Cross-examined. Q. I wish to fix you to some time - A. I cannot say the day. I did not know Treble was taken till the 17th of November; he has worked in my house occasionally, but not for twelve months. I never liked him.
Q. What are you - A. A widow, I live at No. 1, Prospect-place.
Q. You say you were not intimate - have you not lived together - A. I said I was not intimate with Treble. I lived eight years with Ashman; he left me ten months ago, and has married another woman. I told him when he came that there had been a search warrant in my house.
Q. Did you caution him before the search warrant - A. Yes; repeatedly. I never knew he was married till after he was apprehended. I did not cause any communication to be made to Messrs. Cox and Co. I never told Mr. Gude that I had given information to them. Mr. Gude called on me and said Ashman was surprised at my not attending to his letter. I said I had taken advice, and could take no notice of any letter. Mr. Gude said Ashman had reason to believe I was at the bottom of the communication to Messrs. Cox and Co. I said "If he is not guilty, and has harboured that opinion, let it rest so."
MR. ALLEY. Q. You often admonished him on the danger of associating with Treble - A. Yes. Ashman came to me on the 17th, he said he had heard Treble was in trouble and that he himself must be off, and asked if I had any money, I had half-a-crown, which I gave him, and told him I had told the gentleman I should be at five minutes call if I was wanted; and he said
"Whenever you go tell the truth."


                  JOHN 
                  CLINTON
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended Ashman on the 17th of November. (The Court read over the witness's evidence on the last trial, which he confirmed.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  SLARK
               



            . My evidence given last night is correct.
MR. COX. The papers are all our patterns. Here is a pattern of the satin paper which was on one of Mullins's room, and is our manufacture. The other is Treis paper, it is 14 d. a yard, or 14 s. a piece; the border was 28 s. a piece. The room had not been papered above five months.
ASHMAN'S Defence. My Lord's, and Gentlemen of the Jury - After the proceedings of last night I did not expect to appear at this bar again, but if the prosecutors are determined to proceed, I must submit. I know I can expect justice at your hands, after the trial of last night; but when all the ingenuity of talent, and all the perfidy of this man and the ingenuity of his wife have failed, I cannot expect you will receive that evidence again, unless supported by witnesses of character and reputation, which I am happy to say it is impossible to produce. Treble preyed upon my credulity, I never had any dealings with Long. I am very sorry the prosecutors have introduced an unfortunate woman to strengthen their case; I trust her evidence has not injured me, and I shall therefore not attempt to expose her.
LONG - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged. 40.



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ASHMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
London Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
