





68. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  GREEN
               



             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Brady
                     



                   (
                     
                        Mary 
                        Brady
                     



                   and others being therein), about three o'clock in the afternoon of the 5th of December
, and stealing 2 tea-caddies, value 18s., and 1 petticoat, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Hannah 
                        Seward
                     



.
HANNAH SEWARD. I am a widow
, and lodge on a ground-floor in White's-yard, Whitecross-street, St. Luke's


. Charles Brady rents the house, and lives in it. On the 5th of December, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I went out, and locked my room door; I left the two tea-caddies and petticoat safe; I returned between six and seven o'clock, and found the door unlocked, but closed - I am certain I had locked it; the street door is kept open. The witness Lock gave me information - I then missed two tea-caddies from the bureau bedstead, and the petticoat off the back of a chair; I have only one room - the prisoner was in custody; the articles are worth 1s. 6d. - he is a stranger. I heard Mrs. Brady and her children up-stairs when I went out, and they were athome when I returned - they might have gone out while I was away.


                  ROBERT 
                  LOCK
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner about four o'clock last Tuesday afternoon, in Whitecross-street. I first saw him in company with another man, about thirty yards from Brady's; I followed, and took him with these caddies and petticoat under his arm - I said, "What have you got here?" he said, "Why, a tea-caddy, which I have brought from my mother;" I looked under the petticoat, and saw another caddy - he said he had brought them both from his father, who lived in Clare-market, but gave no account of the petticoat.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met a young man with the teacaddies in Old-street; he said, if I would carry them to Whitecross-street, he would give me some porter.




               GUILTY. Of stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
