





1099. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  FORD
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BOYD
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  French
               



             and 
               
                  William Thomas 
                  Boyd
               



            ; we are wholesale drapers and haberdashers


. In April last the prisoner was in our employ as clerk
 - we carry on business in Skinner-street


; he lived and boarded in the house and had 150l. a year - he generally posted up the bought and sold ledgers- it was his duty to received money from the different customers, and to answer letters; Mr. Mules was a customer of ours.


                  JOHN 
                  MULES
               



            . I am a linen-draper and live in Great Surrey-street. On the 1st of April
 last, I paid the prisoner on the prosecutor's account 206l. 15s. 4d.; at the time he received the money he made this entry in my book, which I produce (reads) "Memorandum, 1st April, 1828, paid Boyd and Co. 206l. 15s. 4d. - W. Ford;" he wrote this in my presence - I cannot exactly say what money I paid him; it was in cash and bills - the larger part was in cash.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. How happens the entry to be in this form? A. It is usual for us to have such a memorandum made by the person receiving the money; I have a perfect recollection of paying it to him on that day.
MR. BOYD re-examined. (Looking at Mr. Mules' book;) this memorandum is in the prisoner's hand-writing; he has been fourteen years with us - here is the receipt cash book, to which the prisoner and all the clerks have access when they receive money; there is no entry of the cash received from Mr. Mules on the 1st of April; here is anentry in the prisoner's hand-writing, dated the 3d of April(reads) "J. Mules, creditor by bill, due 17th of April, 73l. 15s. 4d.; ditto 5th of May, 20l.; cheque 8l. - total 101l. 15s. 4d.
Q. Is there any other entry in any book in which any cash is entered, on account of Mr. Mules? A. None but this book; the prisoner left our employ on the 11th of April, and up to that time we had no knowledge of Mr. Mules having paid more than 101l. 15s. 4d. - the prisoner was apprehended on the 11th of April, but not on this charge.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. He was in a confidential situation? A. He was our head clerk; our bills are entered before they become due - it was his daty to account for bills the very day he received them, not to keep them till they became cash.
Q. Did he not, in fact, hold bills till they became due, and having received the cash, then make the entry? A. Decidedly not - he never had authority from us to advance money to our customers - I am certain of that; I never knew of such a thing, and if he had done it I should not have approved of it; if a customer wanted assistance he ought to have asked us to do it; I never knew of his advancing money to one Buck - this is the first time I have heard of it; Buck is a customer of ours.
Q. Do you mean to swear that 50l. was not advanced to Buck by the prisoner with your approbation? A. Never to my knowledge - nor did he ever advance money to Davis.
Q. Did you not know of it, and approve of it afterwards? A. Never; Davis was a customer; Buck wanted bills renewed once or twice, which the firm did: the prisoner has never advanced money for bills before they became due - I will swear that most positively.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was he ever authorized to keep money in his hands after he received it? A. No - no sum whatever, nor a bill of any kind.
COURT. Q. After he received bills, where should they he deposited? A. They should be brought into the partner's counting-house, with the cash-book entry to correspond, the partner signs the book, and they are put by; this memorandum is signed by Mr. French as having received the bills entered.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EWINS
               



            . I am a conveyancer - my office is in Tokenhouse-yard - I know the prisoner. When he was in the Compter I carried a message for him to Mr. Mules by his desire: I delivered the exact message he gave me; I told Mules, by desire of the prisoner, that a person wanted to speak to him in the neighbourhood of Newgate-street - I had a coach, and wished him to go with me to see him; he went with me to the Compter, where he saw Ford - I told him on the road that it was the prisoner wished to speak to him.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. How long have you known the prisoner? A. About two years and a half; I had some dealings with him, and ever since that I have been an acquaintance of his; there was an account between us when I saw him in the Compter - there is a transaction between us, which will make the balance against me more than 200l.; I never dealt with the prosecutors - I have taken friends from the country to their house to make purchases.
Q. Has the prisoner applied to you lately for payment of the money you are indebted to him? A. I beg to explain - there were securities in my hands; I had engaged to pay him money, but had not paid it - I promised to pay him money in February and March, but did not do it; I had securities in my hand, out of which I was to pay him money, besides what I owed him.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was this transaction entirely independent of the prosecutor's business? A. It has nothing to do with their business.
MR. MULES. In consequence of a message from the last witness I went to the prisoner at the Compter - he told me that a portion of the money he had received from me he had not given me credit for; he said a female had applied to him for assistance, and he had lent her a sum of money - he did not say what amount; he then took a large quantity of notes from his pocket, and requested me to receive them, and desired me to alter my book; he said he did not know the exact amount he had given me credit for, but the money he had in his hand would be sufficient to balance the account - I said I could not think of receiving any money whatever, and immediately withdrew; what amount he produced I do not know - it looked like notes.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. You understood him to mean he had not given you credit in his employer's books? A. Yes - I made that communication to Messrs. Boyd; they knew nothing about it before I gave the information.


                  THOMAS 
                  FRENCH
               



            . I am one of the firm; the letter F. to this entry is my writing; I never received any account from the prisoner, of his having received more from Mr. Mules than is contained in this entry; we have received other money before, but not near this date.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Did you know of any advance of 50l. made by the prisoner to Buck? - A. No; he never communicated anything of the kind to me.
Q. Did you not say, "Don't let Buck know that: I know of it?" A. I did not; I do not know of his ever having advanced Buck money - I swear that most positively; if I were in doubt about it I should say so; it is my province to keep the cash book - I balance it whenever it is convenient to me - I have no stated period; nobody balances the book but me - it is quite uncertain when I balance; I had not done it between the 1st and 11th of April - it is not a very easy job; I at times begin it and cannot finish: I had not balanced since the beginning of the year, but I have since the 11th of April; the prisoner was never allowed to hold bills or money; the moment he received them it was his duty to enter them in the cash received book, and then bring them to the partners in their counting-house; I have found fault with him for keeping cash even ten minutes. Buck has dishonoured two or three bills; I believe there was one due on the 4th of March, and another on the 4th of April; he sent some money on account of the bill, stating that he could not provide the balance, and requesting us to draw for it; we ourselves provided what he was short - it was not provided by the prisoner. I have had frequent communications with him respecting Buck's account.
Q. Do not you know that the prisoner advanced him50l., and you told him not to let Buck know that you knew of it? A. I remember nothing of the kind.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you ever tell the prisoner to keep or use the money he received from Mules, to satisfy this bill of Bucks? A. Oh no, certainly not; I did not know he had received it when Buck's bill was due; I could not detect anything wrong by balancing my books, unless I was told it had been paid.
COURT. Q. What was the amount of Buck's bill? - About 280l.; he provided 130l., and, I think, a 16l. bill. I believe it came in a letter, expressing his regret that he could not provide the balance, and requesting it might stand over, or be drawn for; we sent the whole of the money to our banker's, and took up the bill, out of our own funds, placing what he sent to his account; the prisoner had nothing whatever to do with it; he might have been sent to take the bill up; I was quite ignorant of his having received more money from Mules than is entered in the book.
Prisoner. I am sure I can bring to Mr. French's recollection that about fifteen months ago Buck came and told me he could not take up his bill; I said it was almost the first bill of his, and I thought it might injure his credit with the house if they knew it - I advanced him the 50l. myself; I went into the counting-house and told Mr. French, he said, "Well, if you have lent him 50l., keep it to yourself, you can get it from Buck better than us, if he is aware that we lent it, we shall not get if from him."
MR. FRENCH. I have some slight recollection of 50l. being advanced about fifteen months ago; I considered before, that he was speaking of a recent transaction; it was a matter that did not concern us at all, and made no impression on my mind.
Prisoner's Defence. I was not aware when I entered the Court that this charge would have been gone into first, nor did I know this indictment would have been gone on with until Monday; I was taken up on the 11th of April on a charge which I defy them to substantiate, well knowing that one of the partners of the firm paid the money, which they charge me with stealing; they said at the Mansion House that this charge was sufficient for the ends of justice, and they would not enter on that for 105l.; I do not believe they suppose for a moment that I took the 105l. to appropriate to my own use to defraud them of it; I solemnly declare in the presence of my Maker I never thought of defrauding them, nor can they prove it before any Court; let them bring forward any charge and I can defend it; I have been upwards of fourteen years in their employ, their returns are about 300,000l. a year upwards of four millions and a half of money passed through my hands during the fourteen years, and I never defrauded them, nor had I any cause to be dishonest; it is well known the first houses have bondsmen for their clerks, but I had none, my character was sufficient; I had no tie - I admit I received the sum charged on the 29th of March - on the 11th of April I was taken into custody, and had possession of 108l. about thirteen days, and after having served them faithfully for fourteen years, I say it is very dishonourable to prosecute me on this charge; I was not aware I had committed a felony by retaining that money - the first time I was aware of the circumstance it came from Mr. Harmer himself, I told him everything. As to the first charge which I expected to be tried on, I am certain you would have acquitted me; I was told it was the only charge that would be preferred; the prosecutors sent to me saying, if I would plead guilty, that was all they wanted, but they must have a conviction - although in the eye of the law I may be guilty, it was unintentional; I have on one or two occasions lent the prosecutors money for a few days, and they have lent me money; once a customer owed them about 2100l.; about two years ago he was in difficulties, I met him, his father, and uncle, he said, if he could get 500l. or 600l. he thought he could get through his difficulties, I persuaded his father and uncle to lend it to him, and wished to place that money to the account of my employers, and got some persons who threatened to arrest him for 260l., to take my acceptance; before it became due he was a bankrupt, they threatened to arrest me, and my employers advanced me part of the money. I have perhaps in a dozen cases advanced money in this way; we collect our debts every month - a person has paid me 150l., and I have paid my employers on their account 300l. deducting the interest which is allowed for prompt payment, and I thought as I had to pay a Miss Walker 260l. on the 29th of March, I might take the 105l. as she wanted the money, but I considered it merely a debtor and creditor's account, having paid them at times more than I received - I should have repaid the money the next day, or the day after had I not been taken up. This 105l. would not have been discovered, but the moment I was aware of the charge being serious, I sent for Mules and presented him with 126l. to make up the deficiency, telling him, I was not aware of the serious crime. I feel confident you will acquit me of any intention of defrauding them of a farthing; they have kept all my papers, memorandums, and letters which I received from female friends, and they have kept notes of hand and other property to six times this amount; I cannot think they it is, unless they wish to crush me entirely; even my friends have been deterred from coming forward to this Court to speak to my character, from the vindictive manner they have conducted this prosecution. Instead of a prosecution it is a persecution; if I had pleaded guilty Mr. Boyd would have recommended me to mercy, but a conviction they say they must have; I believe if my life was in their hands they must take it, but I have no doubt they have a motive: perhaps they fear my getting into other houses and injuring their connexions; there are other circumstances I could mention, but I will not behave to them as they have to me, I will not even allude to them; there are prosecutions over their heads, and they suppose I might be called as a witness, and if I am convicted my evidence would be done away with. I think that is one motive. I hope you will take into your serious consideration how this prosecution has been got up, how conducted, and that they would not have been in possession of the circumstances, had it not come from me at first, in my over anxiety to do them justice.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
