





1901. 
               
                  ESTHER 
                  MURRELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of September
, 2 coats, value 4l.; 1 waistcoat, value 1l.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s.; and 1 snuff-box, value 4d., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Hammond
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
JOHN HAMMOND. I live in Old Burlington-mews, Regent-street


, and am a groom
; it is master's house - I live in it alone; it is provided for me. On the 13th of September, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I took the prisoner home to sleep with me - I awoke between two and three, and missed her and this property, which was safe overnight. I cannot swear to the prisoner being the woman - I gave her some gin; we went to several public-house - but she had her veil down. I did not swear to her before the Magistrate - I will not swear to her; I had no candle in my room.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  RANDALL
               



            . I am a watchman of St. James'. On the morning in question I stopped the prisoner in Regent-street, with a bundle containing these articles - she said she got them from a man she had been sleeping with; and was going to take them to her brother's - that he gave them to her instead of money; I found the prosecutor at Marlborough-street, in the morning.


                  JOHN 
                  VIRGO BUCKLAND
               



            . I received the bundle and the prisoner in charge, about two o'clock that morning.


                  JOHN 
                  HAMMOND
               



            . These are my property - I had the coat and waistcoat that night; I did not authorize her to take them.
Prisoner's Defence. If he is the man, he put the things on the table and told me to take them; he had given me a great deal of brandy.
GUILTY. Aged 32.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
