





1020. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LAKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of August
, eleven yards of figured silk, value 5 l. 4 s. 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William Henry 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MURRAY
               



            . I am in the service of 
               
                  William 
                  Henry Smith
               



            , of Cloth-fair


. On the 24th of August, at half-past four o'clock in the afternoon, I stooped below the counter to pick up a yard measure, and on raising myself, I heard somebody enter the shop, and on turning round saw the prisoner with his arm in the window, taking a piece of black figured silk - he ran out with it. I pursued, and took him about eighty yards off; he had not it got then; it was afterwards produced, and measured eleven yards, and is worth 5 l. 4 s. 6 d.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You only stooped to pick up a yard measure - A. No He was inside the shop with his back towards me. I ran out, leaving nobody in the shop, and lost sight of him about a second, turning the corner of the court, and was within five yards of him all the time. I did not see him throw it down.


                  EDWARD 
                  CHESTER
               



            . I am a publican. I was sitting in a house opposite Mr. Smith's - the door was wide open, and I saw Murray run out, calling Stop thief! I ran out and saw the prisoner running about five yards before him; nobody else was running from Murray. I lost sight of him as heturned into the passage; he was taken about a yard down the court. I saw the silk laying in the way he ran; and took it up.
Cross-examined. Q. You were pretty near him all the time - A. Yes; I did not see him throw it down; he might have done it without my seeing him, as Murray was between me and him.


                  THOMAS 
                  PRESTAGE
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Chester, and heard the alarm - we both rushed out. I saw the prisoner running, and Murray pursuing; I saw the silk on the pavement, and did not see it fall - nobody was near enough to drop it but him. I lost sight of him as he turned the corner, but am sure of his person - when I turned the corner Murray had hold of him. I had my eye upon him all the while, but he could drop it without my ing him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  ILES
               



            . I live in Cloth Fair, on the opposite side to Mr. Smith. I heard an alarm; ran to the door, and saw the prisoner run by, with the silk under his arm, I saw him drop it. Chester picked it up.
Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear he dropped it - A. No; He is very much like the man; I swear he is the man; I saw him come from the door with it; if I had not have seen him for a week after, I should not have sworn to him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning from Fleet Market, and heard a cry; seeing a young man running; I ran after him, plenty of people were following; I was rather the first, and was stopped in the court; the prosecutor came up in five or ten minutes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
