





821. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     REVLET
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of June
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Herbert
                        




                     
                  , one watch, value 4 l., and four 1 l. Bank-notes, his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HERBERT
               



            . I am servant
 to Dr. Berkbeck, of Coleman-street. On the 12th of June, I was sent with Mr. Edwards's coach to Willis's rooms. I went to a public-house close by, called for some gin and water, and took out four 1 l. notes from my fob to pay. I afterwards put them into my fob again, on the top of my watch. I did not change either of them. I then ran home as fast as I could - when I got as far as Bedfordbury


, the prisoner caught hold of me, and wished me to go home with her. I refused, she instantly put her hand into my waistcoat pocket, and took 5 d. out; she would not return it, but said she would spend it - we went to a public-house, and had two glasses of gin with it - when we came out, it struck me, that as she took my halfpence, she might take my watch - and I put my chain down into my fob, on the notes - she walked on, and insisted on my going further with her. I said I would not, she instantly put her hand into my fob, and got the watch and notes out. I caught the watch in her hand as she pulled it out - I took it from her, and put it in again. I then felt and missed the notes, she ran down a passage, and was taken about two hours after - as the publican knew her, and gave information. She went by the name of Modest Mary. I was with them when she was taken, about twenty yards from where I was robbed. I positively swear she was the woman.


                  RALPH 
                  FELLOWS
               



            . I am a grocer, and live in Maddox-street, Golden-square. I was with the prosecutor at the time, and I saw him produce four notes.
Prisoner's Defence. He spoke to another woman, then he wanted to go home with me - but said he had no money, and would leave his watch. I went home.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
