





1290. 
               
                  LEAH 
                  ABRAHAMS
               




             was indicted for a 


               like offence
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  SHERIMAN
               




            . On the 12th of May
, I met John Limbrick at the Crown tavern, at a quarter to three o'clock; Isaacs was there - I was searched, and received four shillings; I went to Cobb's-yard, Petticoat-lane


, to Abraham's house; knocked at the door - the prisoner opened it; I asked her if Yankee was at home, meaning her brother; she said, No, could not she do; I said,"Yes, I want a score of bobs;" she went to the privy, brought out a bag - gave me out a score; I gave her the four shillings which I had received from Limbrick, and took the bobs to his house that evening; I think there were twelve or fourteen score more in the bag - I think it was the same bag as was produced in the last case.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Was anybody else present? A. No. Isaacs followed me there, and saw me come out - the things in the bag were in paper; they were parcels of the same size as mine.


                  JAMES 
                  ISAACS
               



            . I followed Sheriman to the prisoner's house, saw him go in, and waited five or six minutes till he came out; on the 27th I saw the prisoner taken.
Cross-examined. Q. How long were you with Sheriman? A. From three to five o'clock, when he saw Limbrick - he could not have got the coin from anybody else.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . On the 12th of May I searched Sheriman, and gave him four marked shillings; he gave me a score of bad shillings - the same day I searched both him and Isaacs, and found nothing on them but this counterfeit money.
ROBERT SHERIMAN. I was at the house again on the 27th; I saw the prisoner snatch up something, and go to the privy.
JURY. Q. Where did your wife get the money she is in custody about? A. I got it for her from Abrahams; she was tried on the 10th of March.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KIRBY
               



            . I went on the 27th, and found these bags in the privy.
MR. REYNOLDS. On the 27th of May I was at the house, and saw the prisoner run to the privy, and seized her with her hand down the privy.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . These shillings are all counterfeit, and all of one die - they are of the same die as some in the bag.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
