





704. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     FRANCIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Voller
                        




                     
                  , ten sheets, value 5 l.; eight table-cloths, value 2 l.; four shirts, value 1 l., and two pillow-cases, value 2 s.
            , his property.


                  MARY 
                  RIDEAL
               



            . I am daughter-in-law of 
               
                  William 
                  Voller
               



            , who lives in New North-street, Red Lion-square


. The prisoner lodged at our house with her husband; they had the second floor furnished. We took the house in July, and found them as lodgers. I missed this property in February.


                  JAMES 
                  GURNEY
               



            . I am apprenticed to Mr. Morritt, pawnbroker, High-street, Mary-le-bone. I have a tablecloth and two towels, pawned on the 12th of February, by Sell.
ELIZABETH SELL. I have had the care of a house No. 8, Red Lion-square, for five or six months; the prisoner was charwoman
 there. She came to me there several times, and brought me several duplicates, saying they were things she had pawned in her first husband's time, and had not been able to redeem them. On the 28th of February, I had a letter from her, which I have destroyed - it stated that if I went to her lodging I should be taken up. I have not seen her since. I redeemed the things, and pawned them afterwards.


                  EDWARD 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Lee, pawnbroker, High Holborn. I have three sheets pawned on the 12th and 14th of January, and on the 14th of February, for 5 s. each, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Archer
               



            , by the prisoner; I have known her for four years.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  PERRY
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Ross, Paddington-street. I have two sheets pawned by Sell, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Pearce
               



            .
ELIZABETH SELL. I had the duplicate of them from the prisoner, and finding they did not suit me pawned them again.


                  GEORGE 
                  BENTON
               



            . My father is a pawnbroker, and lives in Holborn. I have a table-cloth and sheet, pawned in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Francis
               



            , I believe by the prisoner.


                  ROBERT 
                  DUKE
               



            . I am a constable. I have a pair of sheets which were given up by a pawnbroker in South-street; also a table-cloth, which was given to me by Rideal. I found a key in the prisoner's room, which opens the prosecutor's bed-room.
ELIZABETH SELL. I redeemed this table-cloth with a duplicate she gave me, and gave it to Rideal.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I never had anything to do with their key; it used to be left in their door - they used to encourage me to drink, and they bought a handkerchief of me, which they knew was stolen.
GUILTY. Aged 45.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
