





2228. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WILSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of October
, 1 pair of shoes, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Howard
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  WILLIAM BARRIER
               



            . I am foreman to John Howard, a bootmaker
, of St. Martin's-court


. Last Saturday evening, between six and seven o'clock, Groom came and asked if I missed a pair of shoes - I had not missed them - I afterwards saw the prisoner and another come up towards the door - I had some suspicion, and looked them hard in the face; the other man then walked off, and the prisoner followed him - I soon after saw the prisoner and another person with him - I went up to the prisoner, and said, "Walk off, or I will give you in charge" - Groom then came up, collared him, and said, "This is the man who took your shoes" - we have got a great many about the door - I did not miss any, and cannot swear to any being gone, we have so many.


                  JOHN 
                  GROOM
               



            . I am a constable, and was stationed in this court. I was coming down the court, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, and saw the prisoner untwist a pair of shoes from Howard's door - I went into an umbrella shop, and watched him and another, who was with him; they waited there a few minutes, and then two ladies went into the shop; the prisoner then took the shoes, gave them to the other person, and another person with a bag, came up close to them, and went away directly down the court; the prisoner and his companion went up the court - I followed the man with the bag, and took him to a public-house; the shoes were not in the bag, but two pairs of ladies' boots - I found where he lived, and what he had was his own - I am quite sure I saw the prisoner take a pair of shoes, and give them to the other person.
Prisoner. Q. Why did you not take me directly? A. Because I went after the man with the bag; the prisoner and the other man came back in a quarter of an hour - I saw Barrier speaking to the prisoner, and said he was the man who stole the shoes - Mr. Howard came out and said there was a pair missing; the other must have taken them away, while I was gone to the public-house with the third man.
JAMES WILLIAM BARRIER. There was a space where a pair had hung - I had none for two or three hours before.

Prisoner's Defence. I was passing in the court, but did not touch the shoes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
