





1289. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STRODE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, one handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Richards
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .



                  DAVID 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . I am a cloth dealer
, and live in Staining-lane. On the 17th of July, a little past three o'clock, I was in Great Russell-street


. I felt a pull at my cost pocket, and missed my handkerchief, and upon turning round I saw two young men walking behind me - the prisoner was one; nobody else was near. A gentleman came up and pointed the prisoner out - he instantly ran off; I pursued, and saw him throw the handkerchief away - I lost sight of him for about five minutes, but am sure of his person.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. No violence was used - A. No. They ran down Tavistock-street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RAWLINGS
               



            . I am an ironmonger, and live in Great Russell-street. I was returning from Tottenham Court-road into Russell-street, and heard a call of Stop thief! the prisoner passed me - he was the person pursued. I immediately went after him; he was stopped before I lost sight of him. Mr. Richards came up in about five minutes. The prisoner called Stop thief! and threw the handkerchief away.
Cross-examined. Q. He was taken easily - A. Yes. He was quite out of breath.


                  JOHN 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I am a beadle. I was in Great Russell-street, and heard the cry - the prisoner also cried Stop thief; I stopped him. The handkerchief was given to the prosecutor.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was running down Great Russell-street, and met a person in a long blue coat, who threw the handkerchief in my face, and ran away. I heard a cry of Stop thief! after me, and thought I was entrapped. I called after the person, and believe he was taken; but the officer gave him his liberty.


                  DAVID 
                  RICHARDS
               



            . I saw him take the handkerchief from his left hand side, and throw it down before I lost sight of him. If it had been thrown at him I must have seen it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
