





1233. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of June
, 2 live tame fowls, price 8s.
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Cresshull
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRESSHULL
               



            . I live at Stepney


, and keep fowls
: I had five hens and a cock on the 6th of June; I saw them all alive and well that night - the next morning I got up at half-past five o'clock, and saw a number of feathers on the ground, near an old pig-stye, which we use as a hen-roost; I found the cock dead, and all the hens were missing - I found one hen had run into a dogkennel with its wing cut; a neighbour said he had taken the man to the watch-house - I went there, and saw two fowls, which I knew to be mine.


                  THOMAS 
                  CALLOWAY
               



            . I am a watchman of Whitechapel. I was on duty on Sunday morning, at a quarter-past two o'clock, in Bath-street; I saw the prisoner with something in his apron; I asked what he had there - he shammed intoxication; he said he had two fowls which he bought last night for 1s. 6d., that he had been drinking with some of his shopmates, and had staid till that time; I took him to the watch-house, and Mr. Cresshull identified the fowls - he produced the cock before the Magistrate, which matched the hens; they are a black Spanish breed - he described them before he saw them.
Prisoner's Defence. The watchman asked what I had got there; I said,"Two fowls;" he said,"Did you nail them?" (that is steal them) I said,"No, I bought them in Ratcliff-highway for 1sd;" he said "If you will give me 5s., I will let you go:" I said No, 5s. was not to he parted with in that way, for I had bought them at the Eight Bells public-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  CALLOWAY
               



            . I never said any thing of the kind.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRESSHULL
               



            . When they read the deposition he confessed that he did the robbery for want; he said they would not do anything for him in Whitechapel workhouse.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
