






300. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WATKINS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BALLARD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of December
, two live tame geese, price 4 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Smith
               



            ; we live at Woodford, in Essex


. On the 20th of December, at four o'clock in the afternoon, I locked my geese up, and missed two next morning. The padlock had been forced off, and a piece of candle laid by it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a patrol of Hackney. On the 24th of December, between three and four o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoners near Lea-bridge turnpike, with each a handkerchief on his shoulder. I asked them what they had got? they said a goose each. It being an unseasonable hour I took them to the watch-house; they said they bought them.


                  JOHN 
                  BOSWORTH
               



            . I was with Young, and confirm his statement.


                  JOHN 
                  GARVA
               



            . I was constable of the night. The prisoners were brought to the watch-house. I asked if the geese were dead or alive? they said they were both dead, and that they bought them between the Two Brewers and Woodford Wells, of a man in the room. I found one was dead and the other alive, and in Watkins's pocket I found a screw wrench - there were marks of it on the door of the place.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BALLARD'S Defence. We bought them of a man unknown.
WATKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
BALLARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
