





850. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  PERRIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of a certain man, whose name is unknown, from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a copper-plate printer, and live in Greek-street, Soho. On the 30th of March, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was in St. Martin's-lane


; I had come through the church-yard; I saw the prisoner and two others, following a gentleman very closely - the prisoner took a handkerchief from his pocket, and threw it to one of his companions - another person followed his companion, and he threw it into a bookseller's shop, and then ran into a pawnbroker's - we called out, and the shopman came out - we said he was in the shop, and he went and pulled him out; we were going with him to the watch-house, when the prisoner came up with a stick, and said "That is the b-r; rescue the prisoner, and kill him;" he struck me on the head, which stunned me, and he got away - the gentleman who lost the handkerchief, was gone, and we have never seen him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PICKET
               



            . I work at Mr. Vicker's, in Regent-street. As I was coming down Hemmings-row, on Thursday, the 30th of March, about three o'clock, I heard a cry of Stop thief! the prisoner got off, but the one who had the handkerchief, ran on, and threw it into a bookseller's shop; a man, who pursued him, brought it out again - he ran into Mr. Lorton's, the pawnbroker's, and his nephew pulled him out again - we then went into Green-street, where we met the prisoner with a stick, who said "Rescue the prisoner; and kill him;" the prisoner then got away, but the officer came up, and he was taken afterwards.


                  WILLIAM 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am a police-officer of Bow-street. I took charge of the prisoner, and have had the handkerchief - the owner has not been found.
Prisoner's Defence. On Saturday the 1st of April, the man I work with, came and called for me as he was going to Covent Garden; I had not been out from the Monday before; on Saturday, the 1st of April, I came down to get some milk, and my little sister was with me; they were taking some prisoners to Westminster-hall, and I stood to look at them - an officer, who is not here, told me to stand there, which I did about five minutes - he brought another person and asked if it was me - he said Yes, and they took me into a public-house, and asked me if I knew the boy they had given two months to - I said No.
COURT to 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HILL
               



            . Q. How soon after you received the blow was the prisoner taken? A. After the other was up at the office.


                  ANN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I live at No. 3, Union-place, Orchard-street, Westminster. From Tuesday last to Thursday last the prisoner was in my room making a pigeon-house; I am quite certain of it - his mother gave him the wood - he had taken medicine, which caused him to be rather ill; he went to his mother after he left me - he lives at home with his mother - he left me about seven o'clock on Thursday last.
JAMES HILL re-examined. This was on Thursday week, the 30th of March.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
