





1971. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HORN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of August
, 1 watch, value 4l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Smith
               




            .
EDWARD SMITH. I am steward of the ship Hector, West Indiaman
, and live at Limehouse


. On the 29th of August, at a quarter-past two o'clock, I saw my watch hanging in my birth, on the starboard side, and missed it at six o'clock. I saw the prisoner on board about two o'clock - he was quite a stranger to me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am a watchman of the West India Docks, and live in Duke-street, St. George's; I picked up this duplicate at a quarter-past five o'clock in the morning of the 17th of September, opposite the William Manning, which laid in the docks; I gave it to a dock constable, who returned it to me, with a note for Mr. Evans. I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am an officer, and have the duplicate. The prisoner was brought to me, and on him I found a pocket-book, with three other duplicates, all in the name of Simpson.


                  JAMES 
                  WALTER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I gave this duplicate to a man who pawned this watch, in the name of John Simpson, for 30s. - I cannot swear to the prisoner.


                  EDWARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . There was nobody on board but I and the prisoner, when I saw him there; I had charge of the ship: he asked if we wanted a steward; I said No: he then went ashore, and I went down to feed my pig; when I came up he came on board again, and went aft; I heard him before I got quite up, and when I got up I could not see him; he then came up the companion ladder, and asked me to have a pot of beer - I said it was a wrong time, and he went away. I went down about six o'clock, to clean myself, and then missed my watch.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I declare my innocence - I was at Deptford that day.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  TOWNSEND
               



            . My first husband was the prisoner's father's brother - he has visited my house for some years; I saw him at Deptford on the 29th of August; I recollect it, because I was making a curtain for my dining-room; he called to say he was going to Lewisham, and would call and take tea with me; my daughter and husband saw him, but they are not here.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
