





80. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 1st of November
 one chest, value 2 s. and 82 lbs of tea, value 22 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Snell
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Robins
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Ogle
                  



               
            .
MR. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  ROBERT 
                  JONES
               



            . I am warehouse-man to Mr. Hillhouse of Russell-street, Bloomsbury. On the 1st of November I sent two chests of tea to Messrs. Snell and Robins by Parker, one weighed 80 and the other 82 lbs, and had the mark of the ship on them.


                  RICHARD 
                  PARKER
               



            . I took the chests to Messrs. Snell and Company's warehouse, London Wall, and delivered them to Atkinson, between six and seven in the evening, and saw them put by the scales.


                  CHARLES 
                  ATKINSON
               



            . I am porter to 
               
                  Richard 
                  Snell
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Robins
               



            . Parker brought two chests, and put them in the warehouse just by the scales, twelve yards from the door. It was then dark. I saw
"S. Ogle, Leeds," marked on them. In about half an hour I saw a man lay hold of one of them, pitch it on an end, and put it on his shoulder, and go towards the gate. I came up with him outside the gate, and said,
"My good fellow what are you going to do with that chest;" he mentioned some name. I collared him, he gave a hollow like an owl, and the prisoner came from over the way, struck me on the mouth, and cut my lip without saying any thing; I had hold of the man at the time, and he threw the chest down; it struck me on the toe. He got away leaving it behind. I laid hold of the prisoner; he dragged me six or eight yards through the mud, but I held him. Hodge came up, and he was secured.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. You cannot say whether he was present at the time of the robbery. A. No. There was five or six people round me inside the gate after the scuffle, but at the time he came over I saw nobody else near; some people were a few yards off; it was five minutes before I could get assistance. I am sure he is the man who struck me, for I never lost sight or let go of him.


                  THOMAS 
                  HODGE
               



            . I am waggoner to the prosecutors. I saw the prisoner cross the road and strike Atkinson. I ran out, saw him strike him, collared and brought him into the ware-house. The man who stole the chest got away.
Cross-examined. Q. The last witness had not hold of the prisoner - A. Yes, he had, till I got hold of him. I did not go out at first, thinking the man had brought the chest by mistake, and was going to take it away.


                  JOHN 
                  SALTER
               



            . I am an officer, and was sent for, and found the prisoner in custody; he resisted being searched. I put my hand into his left hand pocket; he swore he would not have his money taken from him by any man. He went quietly with me towards the Compter till we got to Wood-street, where four or five men attempted to rescue him. I was struck in the mouth, and my hat knocked off; he made every effort himself to get away. I found 6 l. 9 s. 6 d. on him, which was returned him.
Prisoner's Defence. Atkinson says I came up and struck him, and nobody was near; and this man says he saw me come over and strike him. I was coming by, very groggy, and as another stranger might, I stood looking on. I was struck and collared, and asked what I had done. I should not have struck him if I was not in liquor.
All the witnesses declared the prisoner to be perfectly sober.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
