





1575. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DALEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., 1 knife, value 6d., and 1 comb, value 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Randall
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH RANDALL. On the 14th of June, about a quarter past 3 o'clock in the afternoon, I was near St. Paul's Cathedral


. White, the officer, called to me, and asked if I had lost any thing. I felt, and missed my handkerchief, knife, and comb, from my coat pockets - they were immediately produced, and I was certain of them all - they are not here. I examined them, and have no doubt of them.
Prisoner. The handkerchief is not his; if he would look at it, he would see that it is darned, and burnt.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner and two others, and watched them some time - I saw the others hustling round Mr. Randall. I went up, and asked if he had been robbed; he said Yes - I did not see them take any thing from him - the prisoner was in their company - Cowley went up, and I apprehended all three. Cowley took the hat off the prisoner's head and found a handkerchief, which the prosecutor claimed. I took the prisoner to the Compter, and in his waistcoat pocket I found the knife and comb - he said nothing about the burn and darn in the handkerchief till after he had seen it.


                  JOHN 
                  COWLEY
               



            . White brought the men to the gate of St. Paul's - I took off the prisoner's hat, and found the handkerchief.
Prisoner's Defence. The comb and knife were taken from another man.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITE
               



            . No; they were taken from him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
