






1985. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     OXER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, 3 trusses of hay, value 6s.; 1 bushel of oats, value 3s., and 1 peck of beans, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Dennis 
                  Woodin
               




            .
DENNIS WOODIN. I am a veterinary surgeon
, and live in Upper Park-place


; Oxer was in my employ for about twelve months. up to the 24th of October, as stable man
. About seven o'clock that morning I had information, and went to Marylebone office, where I found him in custody - there was a cart there belonging to Sermon with three trusses of hay in it, some loose hay, some beans and oats, but the beans were out of the cart; there was about a peck of them - I compared the hay with what I had at home; it had every appearance of being the same - I cannot tell whether any was missing from my stock, for though I am there every day, Oxer had the management of the stable; I compared the oats with mine, they appeared the same, and the beans more particularly, because they have a quantity of peas among them - I have seen Turner at my stable for dung.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you miss any thing from your stock? A. I could not at the time, as I was in bed; I could not ascertain that there was a deficiency - I bought the oats and hay of Mr. Curtis, a salesman in Smithfield; he sells a great deal to others - it is not uncommon for beans and peas to be mixed.


                  ROBERT 
                  THOMAS LAMBEN
               



            . I am a Police-constable. At five o'clock, last Saturday morning, I was at the corner of Little George-street, Marylebone, I saw a cart fourteen of sixteen yards from Mr. Woodin's stable, with the name of "Sermon, Little Chelsea," on it - the two prisoners were there, and I saw them put two trusses of hay into it; they then put a sack into the cart with something in it; fastened the stable door, and went into Great George-street with the cart - I made way for the cart to pass, and then followed, keeping my eyes on the prisoners - I came up to them, and said to the carter. Turner,"What have you in your cart?" he said dung - I said, "I am an officer, have you nothing else? I must see," and I got into the cart; I found a truss of hay under some dung, and then I saw a bag - I put my hand on it and said, "That is what I have been looking for;" I told Turner to stay in the cart, and I would give him a ride to the watch-house - Oxer ran away; as I was going to the watch-house Turner opened the bag and shot the oats in front of the cart, but they fell inside - he said, "D - n the fellow, I wish I had had nothing to do with him; he has brought me into a pretty mess" - I afterwards found Oxer, and knew him again; I said he must go with me.
Cross-examined. Q. Under what circumstances Turner got these, you do not know? A. No; Oxer ran away while I was contending with Turner - I had followed the cart about forty yards; Mr. Sermon came, owned the cart, and I found Turner belonged to him.
Turner's Defence. I did not know about the hay and corn - I understood it belonged to this man.
OXER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.
TURNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
