






Third Middlesex Jury. - Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1441. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BURNHAM
               




             and 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  BUTLER
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of June
, at Wilsden, 3 shillings, and 1 sixpence
            , the monies of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Smith
               




            .
JOSEPH SMITH. I am a grocer
, and live at Wilsden


. - On Friday, the 13th of June, I was in my kitchen, and heard a rustle in my shop; I came into the shop, and found Burnham leaning over the counter, and putting his hand to the till; I asked what he was doing - he gave me no answer, but ran out; Butler was standing in the doorway, and he walked off; there had been a younger one in the shop, but he got away; I looked into the till, and missed the bowl, with, I think, from 3s. to 5s. in it - I ran after Butler, who was then walking by the window, and asked him if he had got the money - he said No; I left him in charge of a friend, and ran after Burnham - I overtook him about three quarters of a mile off; he got into a field, and threw himself under the hedge; I took him there, and near to where he was I tore up the grass, and found 3s. 6d.: when I returned to my shop I found this bowl in the doorway - it might be there when I went out, but I did not see it; I suppose Butler had got thirty yards from the shop when I went out; I charged Burnham with taking the 3s. 6d. - he said it was what he had taken, and he hoped I would forgive him; when I brought him back he said,"That young one was with me, and ought to go as well as me."
COURT. Q. How long did you see Butler at the door? A. While I spoke to Burnham; I know the bowl was in the till; I had taken out 10s. a short time before, and it was safe.


                  HENRY 
                  RICHARD BUCKERIDGE
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoners were given into my charge.
BURNHAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BUTLER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
