





1234. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     KING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of June
, 5 yards of printed cotton, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Lawrie
                  




               
             and another.


                  DAVID 
                  LAWRIE
               



            . I am in partnership with Mr. Williamson; we are linen-drapers
, and live at Albion-terrace, Old Brentford


; I have seen the prisoner before: our shop was entered on the evening of the 8th of June, about six o'clock - I was out at the time, and no person was there; I lost five yards of red printed cotton, which has not been found - I had seen it that morning.
Prisoner. He had been to London that day to summons me for a hat, and my wife nonsuited him. Witness. I was too late to answer to my name.


                  ANN 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I go out to needle-work. On the 8th of June I was near the shop at Old Brentford; I saw the prisoner go to the shop - the door was shut; he opened it, and went in - he came out in about three minutes, with a piece of red print locked under his coat; he had nothing when he went in - he went straight up the lane, as if to go home; I told Mrs. Lawrie of it, and she sent the washerwoman, who watched him home; I could not see the pattern of the print, but it was red.
Prisoner. I had business there; I went and knocked at the door, to see if it was settled about the hat. Witness. No, he did not knock; I was opposite, with the baby in my arms.
Prisoner. I never stepped my foot in; I had this bundle under my arm which I have now, with some old shoes in it. Witness. I am quite certain he had nothing when he went in, and what he brought out was not this bundle - it was quite a flat bundle.


                  THOMAS 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . On the evening of the 8th of June, I saw the prisoner come down as I stood at the end of the lane, which is only one house from the shop; he went towards the prosecutor's shop - I took no further notice till about three or four minutes, when he returned with something tucked under the flap of his coat - it was of a red colour, but I did not see what it was; I think it was a larger bundle than the one he has now - it looked like a piece of print.
Prisoner's Defence. No one answered me at the door, and I went home; I had bought these shoes for a pint of beer, and I was ashamed of them as they were very bad -Mr. Lawrie came and said, "I have another summons for you, you shall not get off so;" I am as innocent as the Angels in Heaven.


                  DAVID 
                  LAWRIE
               



            . This young woman's mother came and told me I had lost something; I went, and missed the print- the handkerchief he has that bundle in, was not the one he showed before the Magistrate; that was a yellow one,
ANN JACKSON. He shewed a different handkerchief before the Magistrate - that was a small light handkerchief, with pink flowers on it.


                  THOMAS 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . It was a different handkerchief he produced before the Magistrate; he said "This is the handkerchief the old shoes were tied up in," and he was ashamed to carry them along the street.


                  DAVID 
                  LAWRIE
               



            . I went to his house, but did not find the cotton.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
