






930. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     LEDGERWOOD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ABEL 
                     SAMELLS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of February
, 1 bushel of coals, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Job 
                     Cook
                  




               
            .


                  JOB 
                  COOK
               



            . I am in the coal trade
, and live at Hammersmith


. On the 19th of February, a barge had come in with twenty-one chaldron of coals, about five o'clock in the afternoon; I sent a person to watch it, as it was to remain at the wharf all night.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEDGES
               



            . I was sent to watch the barge: I was playing with a white dog between seven and eight o'clock, and saw the two prisoners come on the barge; I told them they had better get off, or it would be worse for them: they would not - but they threw down the coals to two others, and they ran off with them - I ran after them; Ledgerwood dropped his piece of coal - the others got away with theirs; I knew the two prisoners before.
Prisoner SAMELLS. He said he never saw me before - but a bricklayer's boy told him it was me. Witness. I know him very well, and knew him at the time.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a constable. I took up the prisoners, and accused them of stealing the coals - and as I was bringing them to town, they acknowledged taking a few; they were very nearly rescued from me.
LEDGERWOOD's Defence. He took my brother - I went to the cage to see him, and this boy swore to me - the officer then came and said, "I want you for the coals;" I walked with him - he had no trouble with me.
SAMELL's Defence. We have had seven weeks in Clerkenwell prison - and, if we were guilty, I think it is quite punishment enough - I know no more of them than a new-born baby.
LEDGERWOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SAMELLS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Whipped
             and Discharged.
