






2064. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BULLOCK
               




             and 
               
                  SOPHIA 
                  ATKINS
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of September
, 32 live tame pigeons, price 30s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Parr
               




            .
JOSEPH PARR. I live in Matthew's-place, Hackney-road


. On Sunday night, the 28th of September, I was robbed of eighteen pigeons. I had locked up the pigeon-house safe the night before; they had taken out the pannel of a shutter, lifted up the window, and opened the bolts; on the Monday they came again, got in at the door, and took fourteen more; they were fancy pigeons, and very valuable - here are twenty-seven of them; I know nothing of the prisoners.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . On Tuesday morning, the 29th of September, I saw the prisoners about half-past eight o'clock coming down Brick-lane, Spitalfields; I was looking out of my top-shop window - they came to me, and asked me to buy eight pigeons, which I did; I gave the money to Bullock, but Atkins gave me the pigeons in a bag.


                  LOT 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I stopped ten of these pigeons which were brought to me for sale by the two prisoners on that Tuesday.


                  JOHN 
                  RAWLINS
               



            . I bought these eight pigeons of Smith.


                  JOSHUA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I went to Mr. Fletcher on the Tuesday evening, and from thence to a house in Nichol-street, where I found Bullock and nine pigeons; I went to another place, and took Atkins.


                  MARY 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I am the wife of Lot Fletcher. I gave the same pigeons which the prisoner brought to Mr. Armstrong.(Property produced and sworn to.)
BULLOCK's Defence. I met Atkins, who is my sister, and asked her if she would go to sell the pigeons with me; she said Yes, and we came to Smith's, and sold ten of them - I asked 1s. a piece for them, he said he would give me 8d. - I said No, but at last I let him have them; my sister knew nothing about it.
ATKINS' Defence. I was coming from the shop just as my brother said he was going to sell some pigeons - I went with him; he said he was going to buy a bushel of apples with the money - I went, as a sister would do, to see he made no bad use of it - there was not enough money in the house, and the man gave 6s. 8d. for them; my brother has never been into my house since last Christmas - I did not know where he got them, he said he bought them.
COURT to LOT FLETCHER. Q. Did you tell the prisoner to go and fetch the owner? A. Yes; and Atkins said to him, "Go fetch the man you bought them off" - they both went away, and never returned.
BULLOCK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ATKINS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
