






635. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BATES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PICKETT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of January
, 1 watch, value 2l., and 1 time-piece stand, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Freeman
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am a baker
, and live at Lisson-green


. I missed a watch and a stand on the 4th of January, about eight o'clock in the morning, from the mantel-piece in my parlour - it had been safe at twelve o'clock when we went to bed; they had gone through my shop and took them; I know nothing of the prisoners.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . I am a watchman. I moved into a new house in Salisbury-street the night before, and on that Sunday morning I went round the premises - I heard a noise at the back of the premises, and got up to the first-floor of an unfinished house; I saw the two prisoners in the act of breaking up the time-piece case - they then stuck clay to the pieces and sunk them in a cesspool; when they had done that, Pickett said, "Now we will go;" Bates said, "No, I will look at it first;" he put his hand into his pocket, drew out a silver watch, and said, "It is a prime watch;" they then ran away; I got down after some time but could not see them - I asked several persons butthey had not seen them; I then found a letter on the top of the cesspool, which was directed to the prosecutor - I took it down to Mary-le-bone watch-house, and Wall afterwards took the prisoners - I am quite sure they are the two boys; the watch has not been found.


                  RICHARD 
                  HARTLEY WALL
               



            . I am an officer. I have the pieces of the stand which were got up from the cesspool.


                  JOHN 
                  FREEMAN
               



             re-examined. Q. How did the boys get into your house? A. My wife opened the door, left it on the latch, and went up stairs; we had no servant.
BATES' Defence. My friends could have brought evidence that I was at home, but they did not think that I should be brought up so soon.
BATES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
PICKETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
