






1787. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             & 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAMS
               




             were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of July
, 21 rabbits, price 2l.
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Transfield
               




            .


                  DANIEL 
                  WARREN
               



            . On the 5th of July the prisoners were brought into the watch-house, with these twenty-one rabbits in these two flats.


                  JOHN 
                  BOWLER
               



            . I met the two prisoner at a quarterpast four o'clock in the morning, coming from Highburygrove, with these two flats - each of them had one; I asked what they were - they said rabbits, which they had bought at Finchley; they said they lived at home with their father - he did not like the rabbits, and they were going to take them to Newgate-market to sell, as they were a nuisance in the house; I took them to the watch-house, and in going to the office in the morning one of them said, "Master, I am sorry we did not tell you the truth - we did not breed the rabbits, we bought them, and we live in Long-lane, Smithfield; we could not make up 10s., and the man let us have them for what we had got;" I said I should ask them nothing, and they said no more.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did James claim them as his property? A. It was James who first spoke to me; Thomas never spoke to me: I have heard that they are not related to each other; I believe the proper name of James is Hitchman, but they said they were son's of the same father, and gave their names as James and Thomas Williams.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TRANSFIELD
               



            . I live at Highgate


, and lost these rabbits on the night in question. I am waiter at Mr. Pledger's, and go home to Highgate once a week; on the 29th of June I saw them safe, and never saw them again till the Monday week.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  HODGSON
               



            . I live in the prosecutor's house, and attend to the rabbits. At eleven o'clock at night on the 4th of July, I fastened them up in a stable, and next morning I heard a noise a little before four o'clock, and the rabbits were gone - these are them.


                  EDWARD 
                  NICHOLLS
               



            . I sold these rabbits to the prosecutor - I know them very well.
J. WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
T. WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
