





681. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NEAL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of May
, 50 lbs. of lead, value 5 s. the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Brice
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building of his
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BRICE
               



            . I keep the White Horse, at Stepney




. On the 8th of May, I lost some lead off the roof of my skittle-ground, which is covered with lead, and nailed on. I saw it all safe about nine o'clock on Sunday evening, the 7th of May. The watchman called me up about one o'clock in the morning - I found part of the roof stripped - he fetched the lead, which we compared with the roof at daylight - it fitted two nail-holes which were left and corresponded with the next sheet - here is about 50 lbs. in all. I found the prisoner in custody at Shadwell police-office. He was a stranger.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALDRIDGE
               



            . I am a watchman of Stepney. On the 8th of May, about a quarter past twelve o'clock, I saw the prisoner, and three more, about twelve yards from Brice's skittle-ground. I heard them whispering, held up my light, and saw the prisoner by the side of two bundles of lead. I was going to take them, and the stoutest man said,
"If you come near us, you old b - g - r, I will knock you down." I sprung my rattle and two watchmen came to my assistance. As soon as they heard footsteps, they made off, and I after them - all three escaped. I alarmed Brice and took the lead to him. I traced them by footmarks,and took the prisoner about half-past two o'clock that morning, about twenty yards from where I first saw him. When they escaped, he got over a fence into some rains. I suppose he must have returned. I am certain he is one of the men. I saw his face and viewed his dress. He was the only remarkable man among them. The moment I took him, he whistled twice. I was concealed. I told him what I took him for, and asked him where the other two were - he made no reply.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
