






1334. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     BOOTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 22d of July

, a shawl, value 20 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Emily 
                     Gibson
                  



               
            , spinster
; and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     SAPSUD
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  EMILY 
                  GIBSON
               



            . I am single, and live in Gloster-terrace, Hoxton. On the 22d of July, a coach was taken for me by a friend in Sun-street, between nine and ten o'clock, the prisoner Booth, I believe, was the driver
; I did not see him, but I heard his voice, and recognized him when I went to the coach-stand as the same person - the coach took me home. I had the shawl on my shoulders when I went into the coach, but got out without it - it is possible I might drop it in getting out of the coach and going to my own door, because it was half off my shoulders and half on; I missed it within ten minutes after I got in door's, and I immediately went to the coach-stand at Shoreditch, to seek for the coach; when I got out my mother was at the door with a candle, and took the number of the coach; I then went to Shoreditch with my brother; my sister followed me. I found the prisoner at the Lying-in-hospital with his coach; I asked if he had seen my shawl, and said, I had left it in his coach; he recognized me directly, but said, he had not seen it, or words to that effect. I had not then left the coach half an hour; I left the coach after a little altercation, and saw the shawl again the same evening in my sister's possession - it is worth about twenty shillings.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. How long was the shawl out of your possession - A. Not more than an hour and a half. Booth recognized me when I spoke to him; I asked him if he had got the shawl - I do not recollect his saying anything about taking it to the coach-office, as the law directs. He had charged two shillings for his fare from Sun-street to Hoxton; the shawl is not here, it was the property of a friend who is gone to Ceylon.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  GIBSON
               



            . I am sister of the last witness. I live with her, and keep a boarding-school; I was in company with my sister on this evening - we got out of the coach, the fare demanded was two shillings. Mamma thought it too much, and said, if he charged her sixpence too much, she would summons him in the morning; this induced me to look at the man, and I saw it was a little old man, but I did not take sufficient notice as to enable me to say that Booth is the man. My sister missed her shawl in five or ten minutes; I did not go back with her, but in about five minutes I went to Shoreditch, and they told me to go to the Lying-in-hospital, and I found the coach at the watering-house; I asked for the coachman, and Booth presented himself; I told him I had left a shawl in the coach, and no doubt he had taken care of it; I would thank him to give it me. I think he said, he had not seen it or had not got it - he told me to look in the coach - a gentleman who was stepping into the coachlooked for it, but it was not found. I was coming away without it, and when I got about six yards from the place some one tapped me on the shoulder, and said,
"Come back, for the watchman has got your shawl;" I came back, and some person in the crowd handed it to me - I had asked Sapsud (who was the watchman) about it, and he said he had not got it - he said,
"Search me" - he opened his coat, and I saw his pistols which frightened me. I brought it home and gave it my sister; a man named Taylor was there, but he is not here.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Your sister wore this shawl and left it on the seat - A. Yes; I saw the watchman who showed me his pistols which frightened me, and some person in the crowd gave me the shawl; the coachman did not recognize me, as I had worn a light dress, and changed it for a dark one - I did not hear him say, if any property had been left in the coach, he should have carried it to the coach-office, as his duty.


                  JOHN 
                  BUCKLER
               



            . I am a woollen-factor, and live in Basinghall-street. On the night of the 22d of July, about ten o'clock, I came by the end of Old-street-road, near the watering-house; the coach, No. 720, was standing at the door, and one of these ladies (I think the last) was having an altercation with the coachman about a shawl, which she said had been left in the coach - Booth appeared as the coachman, and denied any knowledge of it - I understood him to say he had taken up a fare since he took her, and that if a shawl had been left in the coach that fare must have taken it away. The young lady said it was impossible that could be true, as the time was so short. There was a gentleman with one foot on the coach step, who appeared to be getting into the coach, and the coachman said,
"If you suppose your shawl was left in the coach, you had better search;" I understood her to say she had searched before - I believe she searched it then; and just as she was looking into the coach the watchman Sapsud came up, I told him the nature of the charge, and pressed him to look into the business himself - he seemed rather unconcerned, but while the lady was looking into the coach I saw the coachman take off his hat in rather a peculiar way, drawing it down close to his breast - he then put it on again; by this time the watchman had got into the crowd, and stood at a little distance behind the coachman; while the coachman was putting on his hat again I saw his other hand pass behind him - a man named Taylor charged the coachman with having the shawl; he said,
"By God you have the shawl" - he replied,
"You had better search me, and see if I have got it;" I kept my eye upon them both, the watchman drew back at that instant, and went to a sort of shutter ledge, and placed his hand behind him in the same manner as the coachman had done before; though I had not seen anything pass between the coachman and the watchman, I felt convinced that the watchman had put something behind the ledge; I stretched my hand towards the ledge, and Taylor did the same, and we both took hold of the shawl at the same time - I gave the shawl to Miss Gibson. The two prisoners were charged with the offence by Taylor, but they were not taken up till afterwards. I have not a doubt of their being the men.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. The watchman was at liberty, was he not - A. He was at large at that time. I did not go to the office till I saw an account in the newspaper. Taylor was near the shutter; he is a sort of labouring man: he was as near the shutter as myself; there might be about two dozen persons there. I saw the account in the paper, and then went to the office. I saw Taylor there, and he was bound over to appear, but he did not appear at Clerkenwell.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. I apprehended the two prisoners. On the night of the 22d of July, between ten and eleven o'clock, I went to the Star, public-house in the City-road, and there was some bustle, but I did not see it. When I came out the Taylor was accusing the watchman with taking a shawl, and hiding it behind the shutter; the watchman denied it - the young ladies were gone. Mr. Buckler was there, but I did not know the part he had taken in the business. Taylor was in the act of getting on a Paddington stage to go away; I said,
"You must come back and give me your name, you have accused a man on his duty;
"he then came back, and I said,
"Do you mean to say what you have said before;" he said Yes, and repeated the charge - the watchman denied it. I then took Taylor's address, as
"No. 20, Lisson-street, Lisson-grove, Paddington" - he was an entire stranger to me; he then went away - I told him to come to Worship-street next morning - I did not detain the watchman, as I knew he had been there seven or eight years, and knew where to find him. Nothing further passed that evening; the watchman remained on his beat; I told him I should make it known at the office the next morning, and did so. Taylor came down; I was ordered to get the coachman and the watchman to the office; I told the watchman he must bring the coachman, as I did not know where to find him - he did so in a day or two, and then Taylor did not come - I went to Paddington with a summons for him, he then came, and gave his evidence, and was bound over.
Cross-examined. Q. What is Taylor - A. He appeared like a carpenter; he did not seize the watchman. The cause was not investigated till a day or two after.
BOOTH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 63.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SAPSUD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 47.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
