





2153. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  SEABROOK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of September
, 1 sheet, value 4s.; 2 shirts, value 3s.; 2 shifts, value 3s.; 1 pillow-case, value 1s.; 1 shawl, value 4s.; 1 apron, value 1s.; 1 bed-gown, value 6d.; 2 frocks, value 2s.; 1 napkin, value 6d.: 1 towel, value 6d., and 1 pinafore, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lewis
               




            .


                  SARAH 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Lewis, and live in Grange-road, Bermondsey. I have a little daughter named Jane Amelia. On the 12th of September, about half-past eleven o'clock in the morning (I had been confined for three weeks), I sent her to take these things to the mangler's, about one hundred yards from my house - there were all the articles stated in the indictment in a towel; a person came and told me my daughter was in fits in the street, and the bundle taken from her by a man; I took the officer, and found the prisoner in his own room, about four o'clock - a person went to show us the place; one of the shirts was on the prisoner's back - we found some of the articles in a corner of the room, and two duplicates were given us by a woman he cohabits with; he was quite a stranger to me.


                  JANE 
                  AMELIA LEWIS
               



            . I am nine years of age; my mother gave me the bundle to take to the mangler's: I met the prisoner, who asked me to get him 6d. worth of trotters, and said he would give me a halfpenny - he gave me the money to pay for them; he took the bundle, and put it into his basket - I went for the trotters, and when I came back he was gone.
Cross-examined by MR. J. ALLEY. Q, Did you go to a shop? A. Yes; I was not to meet him at a public-house - he said he would be standing till I came back; I was not gone above five minutes - it was only just over the way; I am sure he is the man; I did not ask him to hold it - he took it; I said I would take it home first; I inquired for him at the public-house when I came back, but he was not there; I saw him again at half-past four o'clock.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am an officer. Mrs. Lewis gave me information, and I went with her to the prisoner's lodgings, in Frying-pan-alley, a little after four o'clock - he had just come home; I asked if his name was Seabrook - he said No; I called in the child, who said he was the man - he had this shirt on his back, and his coat was on a nail; I found his basket in the room; a woman in the room gave me two duplicates, and I found a shift, a napkin, and pillow-case.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not he offer to hand you over some money, which he said he got for the things? A. No; I took some money out of his pocket; he pulled this shirt off himself, and said he was sorry for what he had done, and hoped he should be forgiven - he did not say he was kept waiting almost all day.


                  HENRY 
                  JOHN PARKER
               



            . I live with Mr. Hooper, a pawnbroker, on Clerkenwell-green. I have a sheet, shawl, and frock, pawned by a woman; I gave these duplicates for them.


                  SARAH 
                  LEWIS
               



            . These are all my property except these four, which I received from a Society in my confinement - they have been picked to pieces.
Cross-examined. Q. Has not the prisoner employed people to go and get trotters? A. I have heard so, and that led to his being taken up; he said he hoped he should have mercy shown him, and he would produce the things if I gave him time.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going down Bermondsey-street


 for some trotters; I frequently used to send a little boy for them - he was not there, and I asked this little girl to go; I gave her a shilling, and said I would wait at the public-house - I waited, but she did not come; I went to my lodgings, and thought I was entitled to make use of some of the things - I went out - when I came back the woman at the house had pawned these things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
