





1021. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DURHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of September
, one watch, value 3 l.; one seal, value 16 s.; two keys; value 6 s., and one ribbon, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Akers
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  AKERS
               



            . I live in the Old Bailey. On the 13th of September, when an address was going to the Queen, I was standing at the corner of St. Martin's-court, Ludgate-hill


, about twelve or one o'clock in the day; I found myself pressed a good deal, and went farther up the court, when a person came and said my watch had been stolen; I then missed it, but did not know who took it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a constable. I was attending the Sessions, and observed a crowd coming down. I and Taylor immediately went to Ludgate-hill; I saw Akers at the corner of the court by the picture-shop, and five or six persons round him. I saw the prisoner take hold of the ribbon of Mr. Akers's watch - he kept pressing round him; I then saw the watch in his hand. A witness laid hold of him, and told Akers. In the scuffle the ribbon broke, and two keys fell on the ground, which I produce. Several tried to get the watch away, while we were securing the prisoner; he was never out of my sight.


                  GEORGE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a constable. I was attending this Court, and ran to Ludgate-hill; I saw Akers by the picture-shop. I saw a gang coming down; the prisoner was among them. They surrounded Akers, who was a little way in the court. Jones said
"He has got the watch!" I immediately laid hold of the prisoner - the rest tried to rescue him, I kept them off with my stick, pushed him into a public-house, and secured him.
Cross-examined by Mr. LAW. Q. Did you not see a numerous gang - A. Yes, the gang got him out of the crowd.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I am a constable. I was attending here - I went to Ludgate-hill, and saw a considerable number of persons, whom I knew to be thieves; at the corner of St. Martin's-court, they hustled the prosecutor, and took his watch; the prisoner was one of them - I saw the watch in his hand, and laid hold of him. In a moment a man put out his hand, and the prisoner gave him the watch; he set off with it.


                  JOHN 
                  WIGGENS
               



            . I am a constable. I saw prisoner with his hands at the prosecutor's pockets - I saw him pull his hand up; we collared him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COULTON
               



            . I am a broker. I ran down from here, and saw the prisoner take his hands from the gentleman, but saw nothing in it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was not near him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
