





1134. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLEMENTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of June
, three shirts, value 24 s.; a frock, value 7 s. 6 d.; a set of bed furniture, value 1 l.; a pair of sheets, value 28 s., and a basket, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Jones
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Jones
                        



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am fourteen years old, and am the son of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Jones
               



             - my father is a currier
, and lives in George-place, Holloway. On the 10th of June, about one o'clock, I was taking a bundle of linen to Mr. Roberts, Bells-buildings, Fleet-street, and in Gray's Inn-lane, near Mecklenburgh-square, the prisoner came up to me, and asked me to go to No. 3, Mecklenburgh-square, to ask for a trunk - I was to ask for Miss Wilson, who, he said, was his sister. I said I would, if he would mind the basket, and I went, leaving it in his care. I rang the bell, and found Miss Wilson lived there, but she knew nothing about the trunk; I returned in about minutes, and he was gone with the basket. I do not know what was in it - it has not been found. I saw him again on the 25th of June, at the bottom of Britannia-row, Islington. My father was with me, and I told him he was the man - he went for a constable, and was taken in the fields begging. When the constable came, he ran away, before I mentioned what he had done. I am quite certain of him - he was dressed the same as when he had the basket.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What time did you leave Pentonville - A. About twenty minutes past twelve o'clock. I got to Gray's Inn-lane nearly at one - he told the Justice he could prove he was elsewhere at twenty minutes past twelve. I always said it was near one o'clock when I saw him.
Q. Had the prisoner and your father any words a few days before - A. He had been talking to him the same day about ringing the bell; my father fetched me, and I said he was the man.
JURY. Q. When he sent you on this message was he dressed as he is now - A. No; he had a black coat and waistcoat, and shabby boots with a piece cut out, and blue pantaloons, and was dressed the same when he was taken, and had the same boots on. I looked at the clock at the Rodney's Head, public-house, when I set off.


                  GEORGE 
                  FRUIN
               



            . I am in the coal trade, and work at No. 1, Field-street, Battle-bridge. On the 10th of June, between twelve and one o'clock, I was sitting at a public-house door; this boy came and enquired if I had seen any man with a basket of clothes. I told him no, and he went away across the fields. A few minutes after, I saw a man come from Wellington-street, with a basket of clothes on his head, and his hat in his hand; he had a black coat and waistcoat, blue trowsers, and shabby boots, with a hole cut in one of them - the boy having asked about a basket, made me notice him. The prisoner is the man. I sawhim before the Magistrate on the 28th, and am certain of him. The boy came to me again, and I told him which way he was gone, and he went after him.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you drive a coal cart in the streets - A. Yes. I was eating my dinner at the door, it might be about half-past twelve o'clock. I did not look at the clock, the boy did not describe his dress to me. I know it is the same face. I described his dress to Jones before I saw him. I saw him coming down the street - I am near sighted, but the street is narrow.


                  DANIEL 
                  WARREN
               



            . I am a constable. Mr. Jones came to my house, to go and apprehend the prisoner. I went down to the Britannia public-house, Islington; he pointed out the prisoner, who was going up Queen's Head-lane. I told 
               
                  William 
                  Jones
               



             to go round and meet him at the top of the lane, fearing I should not overtake him. I went towards him, and before I got half way up, he returned back into the fields. I let him pass me, and took particular notice of his dress and the boots he had on - he went forwards and returned four different times, and when he saw me making haste towards him with Jones, he ran away. I pursued and took him; Jones was always positive to his person; he had a blue coat, blue trowsers, spotted handkerchief, and boots - the right boot had a bit cut out - the boy had described the dress before I saw him - he denied the charge, and said he was begging.
Cross-examined. Q. Was there not a bull-fight in the fields - A. I saw none - he gave different accounts of his lodging, and I could not find them out - he took his boots off at my desire, and I produce them.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing more of the charge than what I heard at the office. It is totally founded in fraud. I told the Magistrate I could prove where I was at the time of the robbery. The constable said I had a bad pair of boots on, and offered me a pair of shoes for them.


                  THOMAS 
                  STEVENSON
               



            . I am a stone-sawyer, and work with Mr. Hawkins, Clement's-lane. On the 10th of June which was the day of the boat-race on the Thames, I saw the prisoner at the Black Horse, public-house, Old Boswell-court, where I lodge. I first saw him there at two minutes past twelve o'clock, and left him there twenty minutes after twelve, for I looked at the clock - several people were in the house. I believe he was dressed in black. Mrs. Deer keeps the house. I returned there at a quarter before two o'clock - he was in the house then, reading the newspaper. I had seen him at the house at times before, but did not know where he lived.


                  MARY 
                  DEER
               



            . My husband keeps the Black Horse, public house. On the 10th of June, the day of the rowing-match for Mr. Kean's prize, I saw the prisoner at our house between twelve and one o'clock - he staid till near three, when he went to the rowing-match. I saw Stevenson talking to him.
Q. Was he in the house all the time till he went to the rowing-match - A. I think he was. I was in the tap-room most of the time - he could not be absent without my knowing it. I did not notice his dress.
COURT. Q. Was your house full or empty - A. There were not a great many people there - he usually staid at our house an hour or so.
Q. Had you any reason for noticing how long he staid on this day - A. Yes; he was by my meat, which was roasting most of the time - he was not absent from twelve to one o'clock, because he was by my meat while it was roasting. I took the meat up about half-past one - he was talking to me nearly all the time - he was always dressed in black. I did not know him as beggar - he always paid his way - he was at our house every day.
Q. Then you had no reason to notice him one day more than any other - A. I should not have noticed it, but my mother coming to town the evening before, brought the day to my mind. He said,
"Who is that lady - I think I have seen her before?" I said, it was my mother, and then he shook hands with her. That was between twelve and one o'clock. I saw him every day till he was taken up. He generally came about that time; he seldom had above a pint or two of beer; he staid longer that day, on account of going to the rowing-match. I have no bar-maid; I always attend the tap-room, and my husband the bar. The prisoner paid me his reckoning that day (in the tap-room, I believe). The bar commands a view of the tap-room. He shook hands with my mother at the tap-room door. She has left town. I know she came on the 9th, because it was the day before the rowing-match. He never spoke to my mother before in my presence; she had just come in from walking. I always go into the tap-room at twelve o'clock. I looked at the clock; everybody when they are cooking looks at the clock. He did not leave from twelve to one o'clock, because I was there all the time. He was not absent long enough to go there; he never went out of the house. I have tried of course to bring this day to my memory.
Q. Then at first you had no recollection of it? - A. Not till I turned it over in my mind. Two or three particular circumstances brought it to my mind; one was, a man calling, with a saw, who went away at twenty minutes past twelve, for he looked at the clock, and said that was the time. I cannot say whether the prisoner had his dinner there that day; he might have had it while I was having mine.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. From twelve to half-past one o'clock was he continually talking to you in the tap-room? - A. Yes. He lodged in Clare-market, with one Collison.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Clement's, and am also a porter; and live in Clement's-lane. On the 10th of June I went to the Black Horse, at a quarter to one o'clock, and might have staid there an hour, or an hour and a half: the prisoner was there all that time; he was not out of my sight above five minutes. I left him there at two o'clock, or a quarter past, and asked him to go with me to see the rowing-match, as I could procure him part of a boat; he said he would. I went home, got my wife ready, and called for him about three o'clock, but he was gone.
COURT. Q. Did you know him before? - A. I have known him nearly twelve months, by meeting him at the Black Horse. He was dressed in dark clothes; I believe a black coat and waistcoat, and blue trowsers. He sat on the same settle as I did.
Q. Close to the fire? - A. No, close to the window, about twenty paces from the fire. I believe he sat there all the time, but I was not in conversation with him all the time. A joint of meat was cooking at the fire. I was engaged, and did not notice what Deer was about. I did not see the prisoner near the fire; he was three or four feetfurther from the landlady than I was; he sat in the window, and I outside. He could not be near her while she basted the meat. I do not think that he dined there. The landlord was in and out, serving beer. I dare say he saw the prisoner. There are two servants who served beer. I am sure of that. I did not notice anybody talking to Mrs. Deer, I cannot positively swear whether he shifted his seat or not. He need not have passed me to go out. I did not observe him near Mrs. Deer while she was cooking. He lived in Holles-street, Clare-market.
JURY. Q. As you sat in the tap-room could you be seen from the bar. - A. I understand the prisoner is a tailor. Mrs. Deer's mother came to town the night before. I saw her at the bar. The prisoner did not speak to her in my hearing.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Life
            .
