






NINTH DAY, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1821.
93. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     JENKINS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     QUINION
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of October
, twenty-six yards of linen, value 38 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Dorset 
                           Poole
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  JOHN 
                  DORSET POOLE
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in Shoreditch


. On the 1st of October, about three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoners came to the shop together. I served them with some calico; they were about half an hour in the shop, and left together. We suspected, but did not stop them. I followed them soon after, but did not overtake them, and on returning, I missed a piece of Irish linen. I found them in custody with it.


                  MATTHEW 
                  COOK
               



            . I am shopman to Messrs. Bonner and Rees, who live about a quarter of a mile from Mr. Poole. The prisoners came in about half-past three o'clock, and in consequence of suspicion I pursued them, and said I wanted an explanation about a piece of Irish cloth. I stopped Jenkins, she denied having any thing. I found a piece of cloth concealed between her back and the wall, she was leaning against it. Quinion had walked away but I secured her. Jenkins said Quinion had bought it and given it to her. Poole claimed it. Quinion said it was hers, and she had bought it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
QUINION'S Defence. I was distressed.
JENKINS'S Defence. I did nothing.
JENKINS - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.
QUINION - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 50.
Of stealing, but not privately.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
