






532. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HEAD
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  M'GRAW
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of January
, 1 ham, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Eustace
               




            .


                  GEORGE 
                  GALLOP
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. John Eustace, a cheesemonger
, who lives at Islington


. On the 30th of January, about half-past two o'clock, Lane gave me information, and I missed a ham, which I had hung up about eight o'clock - I went into the street, and saw Head with it, under his arm; I pursued him, and when he saw me he ran, and turned into a lane, where I saw the two prisoners together - Head had the ham, and the other had a bag or apron, which he was endeavouring to put it into; a witness was coming up the lane, and I called to him to stop them: they threw down the ham, and ran away. I lost sight of Head, but I knew him before, and know he was the person who had the ham. I took M'Graw, but he had no bag.


                  JOHN 
                  LANE
               



            . On the 30th of January I was at my master's, Mr. Astley's, who lives two doors from Mr. Eustace, and saw the two prisoners walking about, and looking into Mr. Eustace's shop; my mistress called me to get the things in from the door; I saw the prisoners notice me when I came out about the fourth time. I saw Head going away with a ham, and I told Gallop what I had seen.


                  JOHN 
                  MOXY
               



            . I was going towards Islington, and saw Gallop come down the lane - M'Graw had the ham under his arm - he threw it down, and away he ran; I took him, gave him to Mr. Gallop, and then took the other.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoners in charge.(Property produced and sworn to).
HEAD's Defence. I know nothing of M'Graw. I I picked up the ham, and saw the people run - I went to a ditch for a certain purpose.
M'GRAW'S Defence. I was going towards the Lower-road, Islington, and looked into a book shop; as I was going down the lane Head laid down the ham, and got over the bank; I stood talking to him, saw the people running, and I got over the bank.
HEAD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
M'GRAW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
