





1213. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WICKENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzling a one pound bank note, which he had received on account of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Leslie
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
MR. ANDREWS conducted the Prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LESLIE
               



            . I am a coal merchant
, and live at Chelsea


; 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Smith
               



             is a customer of mine. In October last her account was 1 l. 19 s. The prisoner was my clerk
. His duty was to collect money. He had a book, in which he entered with his own hands at the end of each day what he received; he brought me the money, which I examined, and signed my name to the book. I find no entry in his book of his having received 1 l. from her the 16th of April
, he never paid me that 1 l. I find an entry of the 7th of May of 1 l. 19 s. as received from her - that entry was originally only 10 s. but has been altered to 1 l. 19 s.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. If the 1 l. 19 s. was not an altered entry your account with Smith would be right? - A. Yes, but I have no right to receive 10 s. instead of 1 l. 19 s. I can swear I only received 10 s. on that day. I had a copy taken of the cash-book which I examined six or seven weeks ago. When he paid me money I examined his account and signed it as correct.


                  CATHERINE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I deal with Mr. Leslie and owed him 1 l. 19 s. I paid the prisoner a 1 l. note first, here is his receipt - (reads)
"16th of April, by cash 1 l." it was a Bank note -
"7th of May, 10 s. and 18th May 9 s." - I live in Queen's-gardens, Brompton.
Cross-examined. Q. In all you paid him 1 l. 19 d. and took his receipts. - A. Yes.


                  CHARLES 
                  WILLIAM SANSON
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Leslie, and have been so seventeen months. I produce the cash book in which the prisoner entered what he received in the course of the day; there is no entry of 1 l. being paid by Smith on the 16th of April; the entries are made by him. There is an entry of 1 l. 19 s. on the 7th of May, but it was originally only 10 s. I can take on myself to say, that till the 21st of July, the entry remained 10 s. for on that day I took a copy of the cash-book by master's order, in order to detect any thing wrong; I have the copy here. In the cash-book, there has been a figure of I put in the pounds column, and the 0 in the shillings column is turned into 9; I received no money from him on Smith's account in April or June.
Q. Look at this paper, is it in the prisoner's writing? - A. I do believe it to be; (reads it), "Alter the cash-book, May the 7th, Smith 10 s. to 1 l. 19 s. to correspond with the Ledger."
Cross-examined. Q. You dont know where that paper comes from? - A. No: I believe it to be his writing; I began to copy the book on the 21st of July, and finished it on the 23d; the entry was then 10 s. Mr. Leslie does not interfere much in the business; I cannot say what his memory is; he has been very ill; I cannot say whether his memory was affected.
Q. It is rather an awkward question to propose - but, do you believe in the Scripture? - A. I believe in a portion of them. I believe them generally.
Q. Do you believe the New Testament to be a revelation from God? - A. It is impossible for me to say whether it is or not; it very probably may be so. I do not profess not to believe it.
Q. Do you believe it. - A. I have given very little thought about it. I am bound to speak the truth.
Q. I suppose bye and bye you will say, you are bound, in a moral sense, to speak truth, but do you believe the New Testament, on which you have been sworn, to be a revelation from God. - A. Very probably it might have been - I can say nothing against it. I do believe it.
Q. To be what. - A. To be a history.
Q. On your oath, do you believe the whole of the New Testament to be the revealed word of God. - A. I do.
Q. Why not say so at first. - A. I did not completely comprehend your question.
Q. Have you not professed not to believe the Holy Scriptures, and that Jesus Christ was not the son of God. - A. I certainly have disputed it, and do dispute it now. Is is impossible for me to say what it is. I cannot contradict it. I believe it in certain parts.


                  JOHN 
                  HANDLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner in Collingwood-street, Chelsea. I found the paper produced, in his desk, in his master's counting-house, two or three days after.
Cross-examined. Q. It might easily have been slipped into his desk. - A. No: for I found it in a pocket book. He gave me the key of his desk.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COOPER
               



            . I found a ledger of the Saving Bank in his apartments.



               GUILTY
            . - Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before 
               Wm. Arabin
            , Esq.
