





THIRD DAY. SATURDAY, APRIL 8.
Middlesex Cases, Third Jury,
Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
748. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  KAYE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of April
, 1 reticule, value 8s.; 2 seals, value 2l.; 1 pencil-case, value 5s.; 1 knife, value 8s.; 8 sovereigns, 18 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        Charlotte 
                        Roget
                     




                  , spinster
, from her person
            .
CHARLOTTE ROGET. I am single. On the 3d of April, between twelve and one o'clock. I was in Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury - I saw the prisoner as I was crossing George-street


 - he made a snatch at my bag, which I had in my hand, and took part of the chain; he then made a second snatch, struggled with me, and got it - I ran and kept up with him some time; I then saw him dart into a house. I was surrounded by a very great crowd, which impeded my progress - and when he was secured I got out of the crowd; my reticule contained the articles stated in the indictment. I saw him at Bow-street on the Monday following.


                  RICHARD 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and found a sovereign upon him: I took him from the information I had received, that there had been a robbery committed - he said he knew nothing at all about it; I asked him where he got the sovereign - he said he had saved it by 2d. and 3d. at a time - he said he sold lamp cottons.
Prisoner. I know nothing about it. I had saved a sovereign, and was going to change it that day, to go to market with. I am innocent of the charge - my father and mother are dead; I was apprentice to a shoemaker, but my sight failing I could not follow it, but took to selling lamp cottons.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
