






844. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     BUCKLAND
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of April
, two coach-holders, value 7 s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     George John 
                     Legh
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  John Legh
               



            , of Lower Brook-street, Grosvenor-square. On the 29th of April, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, before dark, I was returning from Park-street, with the coach; the holders were all right, my horses were walking, and in Hanover-square


, I heard some boy call out, and found the prisoners in custody with the holders, Buckland had one in his hat, the other was on the ground, they were unbuckled and taken off the coach.



                  HENRY 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . Mr. Legh's coach passed me in Marylebone-street, Haymarket; I saw the prisoners following it, they got behind, and in Hanover-square I saw them unbuckle the holders, and were leaving the carriage, when I laid hold of Buckland with a holder in his hat, Martin dropped the other, and was secured.


                  THOMAS 
                  JENKINS
               



            . I saw Martin get off the carriage at the end of Marylebone-street, and secured him; I did not see him drop the holder, but saw it at his feet.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BUCKLAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
MARTIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
