





819. 
               
                  
                     JACOB 
                     MOSES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of May
, one watch, value 4 l.; one chain, value 2 d.; two seals, value 30 s.; one ring, value 5 s., and one key, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles Newton 
                     Mills
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  NEWTON MILLS
               



            . I am in the East India Company's service
, and live in James-street, Bethnal-green. On the 28th of May, about half-past nine o'clock at night, I was crossing the end of Artillery-lane


, with a large bundle under my arm, and heard a person coming behind me, I just turned round to see who it was, and at that instant I saw the prisoner come in front of me - he reeled about, pretending to be drunk; when he came up to me he ran his head towards my face, and at the same instant snatched my watch from my fob; I saw it in his hand - he ran up Artillery-lane, and I followed, calling Stop thief! a person attempted to stop him, but he got away, turned Sandy's-row, and I followed him into a public-house, where he was secured, with the watch in his pocket. I am certain he is the person.


                  JOHN 
                  LESTER
               



            . I am a dyer. I was at the corner of Artillery-lane, heard the cry of Stop thief, and saw a man running - I pursued him into the public-house. I only lost sight of him in turning the corner. I laid hold of him in the public-house - it was the prisoner. He said if I would go aside he would deliver it up. I saw him deliver it to the prosecutor.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I beg for mercy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
