






1112. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BROCKWELL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SEWELL
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June
, five live tame fowls, price 10 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Benhote
                  







                  JOHN 
                  BENHOTE
               



            . I live at Brunswick-place, Ball's Pond


. I keep fowls in a fowl-house in the garden. I saw them there on the evening of the 29th of June, about seven o'clock. My garden is walled round about seven feet high. I discovered about eight o'clock the next morning that five of them were gone. I had not heard any person in the garden; but the wall had glass on the top, and there was some of it broken, by which I presume the persons had got over. I saw them next day at Worship-street, dead, and the two prisoners were in custody. I identified them by their plumage, and have no doubt of their being mine.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CLIFTON
               



            . I am a watchman - my beat is within half a mile of Mr. Benhote's house, in the direction towards London. I saw the prisoners about half-past three o'clock in the morning of the 30th of June, in Ball's Pond road, Brockwell had a bundle under his arm; there was another person with them, who ran away when he saw Waters and myself. I laid hold of one of the prisoners, and Waters the other; we asked what they had got - they said nothing; we looked at the top of their bag, and saw the plumage of fowls; we took them to the watch-house; there were five fowls, dead and warm; we asked how they got them - they said, the man who had ran away had given them to them. Mr. Benhote came and swore to the fowls at the office.


                  JOHN 
                  WATERS
               



            . I was with Clifton, and saw the three persons in company; as we got up to them, one of them ran away; I took Brockwell, and Clifton took Sewell; Brockwell had the bundle, which was opened at the office, and it contained a cock, three hens, and a chicken, which Mr. Benhote claimed.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I was constable of the night; I saw the prisoners brought to the watch-house, with five fowls; Mr. Benhote saw them at the office and swore to them.
BROCKWELL'S Defence. I got up that morning to go to bathe, but getting up sooner than I intended, I went to take a walk in Ball's Pond-road. I met a man with a round frock in his hand, and he said he had got into a place of work, and he would give me something to drink if I would hold that bag. I helped him to put his frock on, and at the same time held the bag; the other prisoner then came up, and said he was going to work at the docks.
SEWELL'S Defence. I belonged to the ship Cumberland; there were two other lads on board the ship with me, and I had been to see one of them up to Highgate; in returning to go to work in the morning, I fell in with those persons, and asked where they were going - they said to Goswell-street; I said I was going the same way - they said they were going to have something to drink, and I said I would go with them.
BROCKWELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.
SEWELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
