





1618. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of July
, 1 printed book, value 2s. 6d., and 1 piece of India rubber, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Nicholas 
                     Edgcumbe
                  




               
            .


                  NICHOLAS 
                  EDGCUMBE
               



            . I live in Wellesley-street, City-road. On the 31st of July, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night. I was in Fish-street-hill


, looking at the fire in Thames-street. I had Dr. Bell's System of Tuition, and a piece of India rubber, in my outside coat pocket; I felt a hand at my pocket as I stood at the fire - I said to my friend, "I am robbed;" the book and India rubber were gone; and, on turning round, I saw the prisoner behind me - several persons were near me; as I attempted to turn round I received a blow - I do not know who it was from - the prisoner was close by me - I did not see my property about him, and have not found it - it was not him who struck me, I am certain.


                  THOMAS 
                  AISHTON
               



            . I am a surgeon, and was in the prosecutor's company; he is training master for a central school. I was immediately behind him, and saw the prisoner with his hand in Edgcumbe's pocket; he said, "I am robbed;" and I attempted to seize the prisoner, but a blow, which Edgcumbe received, prevented me - he then made his way through the crowd; I did not lose sight of him - Edgcumbe seized him; he was given in charge, without being out of my sight - we were under a lamp, and I was nearly touching him when his hand was in the pocket.


                  THOMAS 
                  KILBY
               



            . I am an officer, and heard a call of watch - I received him in charge - the book has not been found.
Upon the prisoner being called upon for his defence, it was discovered that although the prisoner's name was 
               
                  John 
                  Davis
               



             - he was not the John Davis charged with this offence.

T. AISHTON
             re-examined. I never looked at the bar - this is not the man.
The 
               
                  John 
                  Davis
               



             committed for the offence in question, being placed at the bar, the following evidence was given.


N. EDGCUMBE
            , repeated his former evidence, and added,"I will not swear the prisoner is the man."

T. AISHTON
            . I cannot be positive of the prisoner - but the person I gave in charge is the person who put his hand into Mr. Edgcumbe's pocket. I have not seen him since he was at the Mansion-house; I think the prisoner is the man I saw at the Mansion-house; I did not swear to him then - I swear the man given in charge was the man who robbed Edgcumbe.

T. KILBY
            . I received the prisoner into custody on this charge - he was the only one given in my charge. I received him from Edgcumbe, who had him by the collar - I swear to him positively.

N. EDGCUMGE
            . Kilby came up to me, and I gave him the man in charge. I had hold of him by the collar when Kilby came up; I believe this prisoner to be the person, but will not swear it. I swear I delivered to Kilby the man who Aishton said had done it.

T. AISHTON
            . The person given in Kilby's charge was the person I saw with his hand in Edgcumbe's pocket. I saw Edgcumbe collar him, and swear he collared the person whose hands I saw in his pocket - he did not get out of my sight.
Prisoner's Defence. When I was taken, one gentleman said I was not the lad - another said I was; there were three gentlemen; Aishton said I was out of the way for a quarter of an hour.

T. AISHTON
            . I never said he was not the person - he was not out of the way; I never said so.

N. EDGCUMBE
            . I never said so.

T. KILBY
            . I never heard either of them say he was not the person - I found nothing on him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
