






1970. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  GREENWAY
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SAGE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of September
, 1 box, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Stamp
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN STAMP. I live in Church-row, Commercial-road. On the 19th of September, I was in Holborn


, a little above Gray's Inn-lane - Riordan asked me if I had lost my snuff-box, and on feeling in my pocket, I missed it - it was safe a few minutes before; I never saw the prisoner near me - I described it to Riordan; he had taken the prisoners before he spoke to me - I was walking slowly with a lady; he showed it to me after I described it to him - it was my box; it could not have dropped from my pocket.


                  DANIEL 
                  RIORDAN
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. On the 19th of September, I saw Mr. Stamp beyond Hatton-garden, near Furnival's Inn, in the City; I saw the prisoners for ten minutes before, in company with a third- I saw them just before they came to Brook-street, following Mr. Stamp, who was with a lady; at the end of Brook-street, they all three went close up to Mr. Stamp; Sage laid hold of the left-hand skirt of the pocket, put his hand in, and took out a box - the other two were close behind him; Sage immediately handed it to Greenway - they then rushed up into Brook-street; I rushed on them immediately and laid hold of the two prisoners, without losing sight of them, and Greenway threw the box down on the pavement - I picked it up, lodged them in a shop and handcuffed them; I then went after Mr. Stamp, and told him of it - I have not seen the third since; I should know him again. The prosecutor described the box to me beforehe saw it - it had a particular kind of snuff in it; I was on the curb, the same side of the way as them.
MR. STAMP. This is my box - it contained some of the same snuff which I had put into it; it had come from the West Indies.
SAGE'S Defence. A man came up and asked me to buy a box; I said I had no use for it - he came to this young man, (who is a stranger to me) and asked him to buy it; I followed him, and the officer took us.
GREENWAY'S Defence. A man in a leather apron came and asked me to buy the box; I said I had got one - he took me to the light to look at it, and put it into my hand- the officer came and he ran away; the box dropped out of my hand.
DANIEL RIORDAN. That is impossible; I was after them before they got three feet into Brook-street - he threw the box down.
GREENWAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
SAGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Life
            .
