





1503. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  HUGHES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of September
, 3 chairs, value 1l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George Fielding 
                  Smith
               




            .
GEORGE FIELDING SMITH. I live in Bath-street


, and am a chair-maker
. On the 28th of August I missed these three chairs from my shop, which I had seen on Saturday, the 26th - they were chained together.


                  RICHARD 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker. On the 26th of August I was at Mr. Smith's, and saw these three chairs there.


                  ROBERT 
                  LOCK
               



            . I am a headborough. I found these chairs at the prisoner's lodgings - he was in bed with 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Ingram
               



            , a female he cohabits with; he said he knew nothing about them. I searched the place, and found a skeleton drop key in the cupboard, and some more on the floor; my brother officer took hold of these chairs, and asked whose they were - he said his own; I found this chain, and he said it was his dog's chain; I said,"Where is the dog?" he said he was gone; Mr. Taylor, who was with me, said, "Where are the bottoms of these chairs?" he said he had sold three chairs, and these were going to be bottomed.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I was with Lock - he has stated truly what passed; I found a dark-lantern in the prisoner's room.
Prisoner's Defence. I said I had but these three chairs - as to the things that were found, there had been a parcel of bad characters lived there; I did not know they were in the room; the key was in a high cupboard, near the ceiling.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
