





Before Mr. Justice Burrough.
894. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ADAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of June
, twenty-five watches, value 75 l.; nine watch cases, value 25 s.; nine seals, value 2 l.; two watch keys, value 5 s.; three rings, value 5 s. 6 d.; a tin case, value 6 d., and a handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Burton
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Christopher 
                        Harvey
                     



.


                  JAMES 
                  BURTON
               



            . I am a watchmaker
. My shop is in Carey-street, under Lincoln's Inn gateway


. On Saturday the 21st of June, at nine o'clock, I came to my shop withthe articles stated in the indictment, in a tin case, which was wrapped in a red silk handkerchief. I put it inside the shop, and I believe on the counter. I rent the shop of 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Harvey
               



            , who lives and sleeps in the house. I was about three minutes taking the shutters down; I looked at my regulator, it was then ten minutes past nine o'clock. I went out of my shop and locked the door, returned in two or three minutes, and the box was gone.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Has not the shop a roof of its own - A. There is a room above it. Harvey sleeps in the house I suppose. He is not here.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I am an officer. On Saturday morning last, about half past nine o'clock or rather later. I was in Chequer-alley, White Cross-street, and met the prisoner with this basket under his arm, the tin case was in it covered with three large live lobsters and two cabbages. I asked what he had got there, he said he had been to market. I put my hand into the basket, and said "Why here is this on box, where did you get this, and where are you going with it?" he said "I am going to my father's, pray come with me." I took him into a shop - my son came in and searched him. The case contained the articles stated in the indictment, he said he was paid to carry it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            , JUN. I was with my father - his account is correct.


                  JOHN 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am a green grocer, and live in Fetter-lane. Last Saturday morning about five minutes past nine o'clock, the prisoner came to my shop and asked if I had got any potatoes, I said No; he then asked for two cabbages, and while I was looking them out, he picked out three live lobsters, and took from under his coat a red bundle, containing something which from its appearance, I believe to be this box; he asked if I could lend him a basket, saying that he lived at a pawnbrokers in Fleet-market, and wished to carry them down there, and offered to leave me a deposit for it, but I said there was no occasion; he put the bundle in the basket, the lobsters and cabbages over it, and went away.
Cross-examined. Q. How long was he with you - A. Four or five minutes. White Cross-street, is about a mile from my place, and beyond Fleet-market. I have no doubt whatever of him.
Prisoner's Defence. On Saturday morning about five minutes past nine o'clock, I was in Long-lane, a gentleman who alighted from a chaise cart in Long-lane, gave me two shillings and sixpence to carry it to the flower pot, in Bishopsgate-street, and leave them in the name of Mason. I was going to my father's first.




               GUILTY. Aged 22. Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
