





333. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SPOWER
                  



               
             was indicted for a 


               fraud
            .


                     RICHARD HENRY 
                     GRAY
                  




               
            . I am a wine-merchant
, and live in Basing-lane. I know Mr. Mollard, of Greenwich. On the 10th or 11th of December the prisoner came to me and said,
"Mr. Mollard wants twelve dozen of old crusted port, have you any?" I said not, he represented himself as Mollard's confidential servant, and said he was going to Wilson and Cutler's, Mincing-lane; to buy two dozen of claret. He returned, and said he had bought it. I had known him some years, and asked what he had paid for it; he said, 5 l. 10 s. a dozen. I asked him to taste my port, sherry, and Madeira; he said it was good wine, and asked the price. I think I said, 44 s. for sherry, 50 s. for Madeirs, and 36 s. for port; he said the price would astonish Mr. Mollard if he could taste it, and he should like him to taste it. I gave him a bottle of each, and told him to mind that Mr. Mollard must pay for it; he came again in a day or two, and said Mr. Mollard had tasted the port, and was quite astonished at the price, and would come on the following Tuesday and look out a pipe, and wished to have a dozen of Sherry and Madeira as a sample ready by ten o'clock next morning, as the cart was coming to town and must not be detained; and to leave the hamper out for him, if I was not in the way. I was out about that time, and locked it up. When I returned I understood he had been there, and about half-past four o'clock I saw him at my cellar door; he said he had called in the morning. I said I was very sorry, for I had sent it to Mr. Mollard by the carrier; he said he was sorry for it. I invited him into the cellar; he had a glass of wine, and I gave him the samples for Mr. Mollard to taste, as he said the carrier would not be down till ten o'clock at night, and he wished Mr. Mollard to taste it at dinner; he packed it up, and took it away.
Prisoner. Q. I told you I was out of employment - A. No, he said he was Mr. Mollard's confidential servant, and when he went away with the wine, he said I should see him next morning, with Mr. Mollard's draft for the amount.
Q. You said you would allow me a commission for any wine I could sell - A. I might have said so; he said Mr. Tritton, the banker would come and taste a pipe of port; and a Mr. Lewis, whom he said frequented Mollard's.


                  JOHN 
                  MOLLARD
               



            . I keep the Crown and Sceptre, public-house at Greenwich. The prisoner left my service two months before the 11th of September. I did not send him to Mr. Gray for any wine, and never told him I wished to taste any; two dozen came to my house. I did not expect it.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Middlesex Cases, first Jury,
