






953. 
               
                  
                     JACOB 
                     WEAVER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of May
, a handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Roles
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  ROLES
               



            . I am servant to Miss West
, who lives in Fitzroy-street, Fitzroy-square. On the 10th of May, about a quarter to nine o'clock at night, I was at the corner of Barbican


, and felt something at my pocket; I put my hand behind me, and caught hold of the prisoner Williams's hand; I turned round and saw him and Weaver about half a yard behind me; I kept hold of Williams's hand; some other persons were standing close by; I saw my handkerchief among them, but cannot say which of them had it - I have not recovered it - I secured both the prisoners, and gave them in charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SEDGWICK
               



            . I am a cork-cutter - I was in Smithfield, and saw the two prisoners in company with another man - I followed, and watched them to Barbican, and saw Williams put his hand into Mr. Roles's pocket - I did not see him take any thing out - Roles turned round and caught hold of him - I assisted in securing them both.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARLETT
               



            . I am an officer; on the 6th of May I was fetched to the corner of Barbican; Roles gave the prisoners into my charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I received Weaver in charge from Parlett.
WEAVER'S Defence. I saw a mob at the corner of Barbican - went over, and in three minutes the gentleman laid hold of me.
WILLIAM'S Defence. I was coming from my sister's; the gentleman turned and caught hold of me - I know nothing of Weaver.
WEAVER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
