





1882. 
               
                  ELLEN 
                  TARRANT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of August
, 1 box, value 2d.; 8 sovereigns, and 1 half-sovereign, the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Casey
                     



                  , from the person of Judith, his wife
            .


                  JUDITH 
                  CASEY
               



            . I am the wife
 of George Casey - he is a labouring man
, and live in St. Ann's-court, Westminster


 - the prisoner lived next door to me for about a week. On Sunday night, the 27th of August, she and the woman she lodged with came to me about ten o'clock, just as I was going to bed, and wanted me to go to their house, as my husband and some more men were drinking; they would not let me have any peace - I went and staid till one o'clock: I went into their kitchen; the bed was down, and I sat down on it by the side of the prisoner - I had eight sovereigns and a half in a box in my right-hand pocket - I am sure it was safe when I went into the house; I had put it there as I was going to bed - the prisoner took up my pocket as I was on the bed, but I had no suspicion of her, I thought she was honest - I then got up to take the child home; the prisoner put a shawl round the child; she then went away, and I saw her no more - I missed the money in about five minutes; the box was found in the street.


                  CATHERINE 
                  LANDIGAN
               



            . The prisoner lodged at my house for a week - I went with her to ask Judith Casey to come in, as I knew her, and the men were drinking upstairs; she came and sat down on the bed; the prisoner sat on her right-hand - I did not see her take any thing - I recollect her going away; I then missed a gown of my own - Casey said she had lost her money and box - the prisoner gave me no notice of her going, and had not paid her rent; but she had made two gowns for me, which I said should go for her lodging.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent to bring the prisoner from Ireland; I found her there in Bridewell; there was a sovereign found on her, which I exchanged, to redeem a shawl and a ring, which she had pledged. I told her what I took her for, and she said she was quite innocent, and knew nothing about it.
Prisoner's Defence (Written.) Mrs. Landigan persuaded me to stay there, and have a Sunday's spree - Casey, his wife, and two or three more were there; we drank six pots of beer; Casey brought four of his lodgers in, and four more gallons were fetched; the men began to take liberties with me, and I left the house; my brother persuaded me to return to Ireland before the bad weather set in, and I went.
COURT to JUDITH CASEY. Q. Is it true that you were all drunk? A. I was never drunk yet; my husband did not bring one man in - the witness' husband was there, with two more men; the prisoner asked me to drink the beer, to suckle my child; I tasted it twice while I was waiting for my husband. Mrs. Landigan was sober - there were three men, and they brought in two half-gallons of beer - when they had drank that, they had a pot a piece; the prisoner drank with us.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Life
            .
