






946. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  ALLEN
               




             and 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  MARSH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of April
, 1 gig saddle, value 1l.; 1 pair of hames and traces, value 15s.; 1 bridle, value 10s., and 1 pair of reins, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Langford
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  FROST
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On the 10th of April I was on duty in Long-acre, about nine o'clock in the evening, in company with Mason; the prisoners passed us with the harness; they were in company. I asked Allen where he had brought the harness from- he said he brought it from no where, and was going to take it no where; he at last said a man hired him to take it to St. Martin's-lane, but he did not know who the man was; I detained them. Marsh had the bridle.


                  JOHN 
                  MASON
               



            . I was with Frost. I did not distinctly hear what he said to the prisoner; Marsh held the bridle; he said he did not know where Allen got the things from- that he met Allen by accident, and he asked him to carry some of the harness.
JOSEPH LANGFORD. I am a butcher
, and keep a horse. This is my harness. On the 10th of April it was safe in my stable, in Three Cups-yard, Bedford-street, Bedford-row


; it was safe between five and six o'clock in the evening - the stable door was not locked until ten o'clock; a person lives over it; Marsh once lived with Mr. Scarlett in the neighbourhood, and knew my premises.
ALLEN's Defence. On this evening I was at a public-house in Holborn, where I saw a person whom I had seen before, and he asked me to carry the harness to St. Martin's-lane, for which he was to give me 3s.
ALLEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
MARSH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
