








1726. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CHURCH
               




            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  JORDAN
               




            , and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BRIAN
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of September

, a pair of axletrees and four boxes, value 3 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John Augustus 
                  Thrupp
               



             and others, his partners - and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CURTIS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them it to have been stolen
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I am an officer. About the end of September, I was fetched to the manufactory of Messrs. Thrupps'. I went to Mr. Curtis', who gave me an account of some springs which were taken to Mr. Thrupps'. I then inquired, whether any of Mr. Thrupp's men had brought any other springs or any thing else; he said No. I then looked over his premises, in pursuance of my warrant. I afterwards saw another of Mr. Thrupp's workmen, the prisoner Church, at his own house, in Steven-street, Lisson-green; I told him I was an officer, and come to apprehend him, on a charge of robbing his master - he denied it, and said he had not. I said "Mind what you about - I have Thomas in custody, and I have been to Curtis's." He then said, he had taken three springs, and Brian had taken the others; I asked what he had for them - he said nothing. I asked what else he had taken - he said he could not recollect. I said, it was all nonsense, he must recollect. He then said, two axletrees had been taken - and he had taken one, and four boxes, and Jordan had taken the other from the saw-pit over to Curtis'. I asked what they had got for them - he said 24 s., was paid. I did not ask what was done with the money. Mr. Atwell was then with me. I then went to Curtis' house, and told him I was sorry he had deceived me, and told me lies, as he had received a pair of axle-trees. He said Yes, they were brought over for new boxes. I said "It can't be so, as four boxes had been brought with them," and he had paid 24 s., for them - he did not deny it, but said they were among some others, pointing to some which stood up. I asked where the boxes were - he made some hesitation, and then looked out four boxes, and said they must be them. Mr. Thrupp and Mr. Atwell were there then - the boxes and axle-trees were taken away. I went with Mr. Atwell to Jordan's house, and said I came to take him into custody, on a charge of robbing his master - he said he had not. I told him, he must go with me, and asked him if he knew any thing about an axletree. He said No - he knew nothing about it. I then told him part of what Church had said - I believe I said, "Do you know any thing about taking one from the saw-pit?" and that Church had said he had taken one, and Jordan the other. He then said he had taken that, and that was all he had taken from the saw-pit - and it would all come out about it. I asked what money he had got - he said at first, he could not recollect, but afterwards he said he had 7 s. 6 d., and Thomas and Church had the same.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Will you swear that you did not say, "Church has already told all, and it is of no use your denying it." A. No. I said nothing in the shape of a threat or an inducement.
MR. ROBERTS. Q. Were you aware that any thing in the shape of a promise or threat, would not be admissible? A. Yes? therefore I was cautious - I inquired if any one had asked him to take them over, he said No - they had all three consulted about them before.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. To what office do you belong. A. Marborough-street. I have been there two or three years. I asked these questions to get evidence from him - I did not think about the case being complete or incomplete, without Church gave me information; but I asked the questions to give his answers - whether they were for or against him; I did not tell him it was for the purpose of telling juries what he said against him - but I think I told him to be on his guard. I did not go to apprehend him, because Mr. Thrupp hadtold me that it was his particular object to bring the receiver to justice - he said he would prosecute him if he was found. I will swear that Church said they got 24 s., for the boxes and axletrees - he did not say he had nothing to do with the money. I found him at his own lodging at mid-day, at what they call their dinner hour. I made some memorandums of what I heard - I merely put down the price, and two or three words of the conversation - I destroyed them after I gave my deposition.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You say you inquired about the boxes and axletrees at Curtis'? A. Yes. I do not recollect his telling me he was not at home when they came, and did not know whether there were any or not - he afterwards showed me the boxes - and said those must be them. He did not say any thing about the money - but when I told him 24 s., was given for them, he said he believed it was so, after a slight pause.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What were you before you got your present situation? A. I was for three years a beadle and constable of Mary-le-bone. I had seen Mr. Thrupp and Church before I saw Jordan. I put the questions to Jordan to get his answers - but not knowing there was no evidence against him, to make him convict himself, I took the memorandum to assist my memory. I will swear that I did not say to Jordan, that Church had already told - and there was no use in his denying it.
MR. BRODERICK. Q. Do you mean you cannot tell what you said, relative to what Church had said? A. Yes; I told him I was an officer, and had come to take him about robbing his master.
COURT. Q. Do you say that you believe you told 
               
                  Jordan 
                  Church
               



             had said he had taken some of those things from the saw-pit? A. Yes; I believe I did.


                  CHARLES 
                  ATWELL
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Thrupps. I went to Curtis' on the 20th of September. I had seen Church before, but had no particular conversation with him. I went with the officer, and heard him say he had come about a spring, which Brian had brought over. Curtis said it was one of the four standing by the side of the forge. I remember the officer asking him if there was any thing more beside the springs, and Curtis said he had nothing more. I was afterwards at Church's, in company with the officer. I told Church I wanted to speak to him, and there was officer come to speak to him. The officer then said he came to take him in charge, in consequence of some springs being taken to Curtis'. He asked what spring, and denied having taken any; he was told by Ballard that was not correct, as he had taken three, and Brian one. He said "Yes - I did." I then asked him what he had done with a pair of wheels, which had been taken out of the shop within a few days - he said they were taken to Curtis'. Ballard then asked, what else - he said a pair of axletrees, and four boxes - that Jordan took one axletree, and he the other, from the saw-pit in the lower shop - we brought him away, and I went with him to Mr. Thrupp's; we left Jordan then, and I went with Ballard to Curtis'. Ballard said he was sorry he had told him an untruth, as he had got other things beside the springs; after speaking of the springs and the steps, he said he had got a pair of axletrees. After some hesitation he said he had - he was asked what he gave for them, he did not exactly answer the question, and Ballard told him he gave 1 l. 4 s. for them - he said "Yes, I did;" he then went to a part of the shop and looked out two axletrees, which Mr. Thrupp identified, and they were taken away. He was asked if there were any boxes - I forget exactly what he said in reply. Ballard stated there were four boxes, and Curtis looked out four, of which Mr. Thrupp took away three. I went again to Jordan's with Ballard - we saw him in the street - I told him I had come to speak with him on particular business, and at the same time I beckoned to Ballard to come forward, who said he had come to take him into custody; he asked what for, he had been guilty of nothing. Ballard said it was for stealing an axletree from Mr. Thrupp, and taking it to Curtis'; he denied it at first, but Ballard said he knew he had done it, and we had proof of it - we then brought him away, and in coming along he said "Well, I did take an axletree from the saw-pit;" there was some more conversation going along, but I did not hear it. I cannot recollect what Ballard had said to him before; he said Church took the other, and he had nothing to do with any of the other things.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Have you told all you heard Church say to Ballard? A. Yes; I believe all of importance - I went to hear, and to be a witness if necessary - I have upon my oath stated all I can recollect; Ballard made some memorandums in pencil. I do not know that it was a particular object with Mr. Thrupp to get the receiver; Mr. Thrupp keeps about forty men - Church had been at work that morning, and I dare say would have come in the afternoon.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You say you heard Jordan deny, in the first instance, that he had taken these things? A. Yes; but he afterwards admitted it. I cannot say what Ballard had said to him to induce him to confess it - he had denied it for about a quarter of a mile as we went along. I had conversed with Mr. Thrupp before I went on this business. I knew when I went to Jordan's that there was no evidence against him but what Church had said - but it was not for the purpose of getting information that I went. I suppose Ballard might say twice to him, "We know that you have taken an axle-tree" - he was in earnest conversation with him.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Have you told all that passed at Curtis' about the axletree? A. Yes; I think I have. Ballard took notes occasionally in pencil when he received answers. I did not hear Curtis say that he was from home when anything came - I did not hear all that was said. When I first went Ballard mentioned something about a spring. I mean to persist in saying that when 1 l. 4 s. was stated to have been given for the axle-tree, Curtis said, "Yes, I did give it." I know there is an account between Curtis and my master. I know Curtis has done work to axletrees.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. Had any of your men authority to take any work to Curtis without orders? A. No. These axletrees had not been sent by my direction.


                  CHARLES 
                  JOSEPH THRUPP
               



            . I am in partnership with John Augustus Thrupp and Henry Joseph Thrupp. I went with the officer to Curtis' - he pointed out the springs,and said they were what the men had brought over that morning. I then asked if he had any more of my property whatever on his premises - he said No. I did not go to Church's, nor Jordan's, but I went a second time to Curtis', with Ballard, and Atwell followed - the officer told him he had spoken falsely, and asked where the axletrees were - he looked at the officer and me, and then said, "They are here - I had them to repair;" the officer said, "That is false - you paid 1 l. 4 s. for them;" he said, "I did" - they were then brought out, and he was asked for the boxes; he said there were none, but he afterwards looked out four; I took three of them; I could swear to the axle-trees - they were worth 3 l. or 4 l.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Whose were these axletrees? A. I do not know - they had been some time in the corner of the saw-pit. I have forty, or fifty, or sixty men. I applied at Marlborough-street Office; Ballard was sent to me the same morning; I gave him his orders with respect to his conduct to Brian, but not what steps he was to take - I gave no particular orders about Church, but I gave orders to apprehend him after we had first been to Curtis. I believe Church had been that morning to work - he had been in my service fifteen or sixteen years. I was not present at Jordan's.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. How long have you known Curtis? A. Not above a week before this happened. I had been in the country two months, and my brother employed him. I believe there was one instance of his being employed on an axletree - I saw it in the book. I can swear to these axletrees by some marks on them. Our manufactory is in George-street, Hanover-square.
CURTIS' Defence. There were four axletrees brought to my shop on the 13th of September - the boxes and nuts were fitted, and they were sent home; then one of the men ordered new boxes for them, and another said, "They need not make new boxes - I think we have some old ones" - they were then sent over, but they would not fit; and my man said, "We will begin then" - I said, "We will send for some iron for them," and now that man is sent away into the country, and we cannot find him any where.
Two witnesses gave Jordan an excellent character.
CHURCH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JORDAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 50.




               Confined Three Months
            .
CURTIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
BRIAN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
