






Before Mr. Baron Hullock.
860. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  RHODES
               



             and 
               
                  EDWARD WILLIAM 
                  NIX
               




             were indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Betts
                     



                   and 
                     
                        William 
                        Betts
                     



                  , about twelve o'clock in the night of the 12th of May
, with intent to steal, and stealing therein two silver spoons, value 20 s., and a carving knife, value 1 s., their property
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  HYLA 
                  HOLDEN BETTS
               



            . I am in the service of John and William Betts, who are gold and silver refiners

 - their house of business is in Long-acre


; they do not live there, but I sleep there as their servant. On the night of the 12th of May I saw the house locked up, and went to bed about eleven o'clock; I was awoke about three o'clock, by Jones, the servant, knocking violently at my room door. I jumped out of bed, ran partly down stairs, and heard the watchman's rattle spring, which led me to think the disturbance was in the street; I went to my sister's bed-room, looked out of her window, saw a watchman, and told him to come to our door - I ran down stairs, found the door open, and him there; it appeared to have been opened from within. I saw the mark of a centre-bit on another door and the pannel was broken - that door appeared to have been opened by a centre-bit; the hole was large enough to admit a man; there is a wall at the top of the house, with spikes on the top. The watchman found an umbrella in the passage, and that morning the servant picked up a centre-bit. There were marks on the wall (which is white-washed) as if persons had got over there.
Cross-examined by Mr. LAW. Q. Where do the prosecutors reside? A. In Warwickshire; they come to town every year. I am the son of John Betts, but have no share in the business. I saw the side door fastened, that was found open; the door with the broken pannel was not open. I got up the moment I heard the alarm, and only guess the time - it was twilight.
COURT. Q. Where is the door which had the pannel broken? A. It leads into a yard, round which the wall goes. A person getting through that pannel must break open a door to get to the shop - an attempt had been made to cut the lock of that door away. I am sure all the doors were fast the night before. I manage the business; the prosecutors pay rent, taxes, and wages.


                  HANNAH 
                  JONES
               



            . I am servant to John and William Betts. I was awoke by Mr. Betts - I got up, and missed ten spoons which I had washed the night before, and put into the pantry, in the kitchen - the carving knife was in a box in the kitchen. I missed the spoons in about an hour. When I heard the alarm I heard a person in the house say, "Hush! hush!" I heard two voices.


                  THOMAS 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am a watchman. About half-pastthree o'clock on this morning I heard a terrible noise, like glass breaking - it was twilight; I ran across the road, and saw three or four men running out of Chapel-court, close against me - I immediately sprang my rattle, and followed Nix down Mercer-street, and when I got to the corner Cummins stopped him; I had lost sight of him for ten minutes, but there was nobody else in the street; and about five o'clock I found a chisel and crow-bar in Rose-street - he had not run in that direction.
Cross-examined. Q. Of course his back was turned to you? A. Yes; I was not three yards from him at first.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. One of them ran full against you? A. Yes; I saw that man's face - it was Nix, I am certain; I knew him directly I saw him in custody. The side door which was open is in the court.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CUMMINS
               



            . I am a watchman. I was alarmed, and stopped Nix, who was running up Butcher-row, as hard as he could; he was nearly out of breath. Lewis, who was following him, said, "That is the person who broke into the gentleman's house - I can swear to him."


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a watchman. On the morning of the 13th of May I heard rattles spring, and saw a man running to the end of Long-acre, opposite to Mercer-street; I ran out of my box, and saw a man running in a direction from Chapel-court; I was within two yards of him when he passed me - it was Nix; he ran down Mercer-street. I saw him throw something out of his hand just before he turned the corner of Mercer-street; it rattled on the pavement like a tin case - I followed, but could not overtake him. Chapel-court is not a thoroughfare.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DRAYTON
               



            . I am a watchman. About half-past three o'clock in the morning I found a dark-lantern in Long-acre, at the corner of Mercer-street; it was hot, as if it had been burning. It had opened with the fall.


                  ROBERT 
                  EXLEY
               



            . I am a patrol of St. Martin's. On the morning of the 13th of May I found a center-bit at Mr. Betts' door, in Chapel-court.


                  JAMES 
                  MAHONEY
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Giles's. On the morning of the 13th of May I was in Mercer-street, and found ten silver spoons, which I produce - they were scattered about on the footpath; they appeared to have been dropped all together.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  WESTCOAT
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoners were brought to the watch-house. I went to Mr. Betts' yard that morning, and saw a watchman pick up a sort of a rope-ladder.
NIX - 


               GUILTY. Aged 61. Of Larceny only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
RHODES - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
