





SECOND DAY. FRIDAY, MAY 12.
Middlesex Cases, Second Jury.
Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
916. 
               
                  CORNELIUS 
                  MORAN
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        James 
                        Gulston
                     



                  , about six o'clock in the afternoon of the 3d of April
, no person being therein, and stealing 1 coat, value 10s.; 1 jacket, value 4s.; 2 shirts, value 9s.; 4 pairs of stockings, value 6s.; 1 waistcoat, value 2s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 4s., and 4 shirt collars, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles Angel 
                  Hunt
               



            .
CHARLES ANGEL HUNT. I am servant
 to James Gulston, who lives at Millbank


, and keeps a public-house
. This property was in my bed-room, which is over the stable, and is at a little distance from the house - it is all one premises. On Monday, the 3d of April, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I went out and left the property, stated in the indictment, safe; I fastened the windows and put the shutter up - I locked the door and took the key with me, leaving nobody there; I returned about half-past eight, and missed all the property; I found the shutter down, three panes of glass broken, the hasp moved and the window had been opened. On the Saturday I found my jacket at McCoy's - I know nothing of the prisoner.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. After McCoy had given her evidence before the Magistrate, did you go to her, and ask her to change the time at which she said she bought them? A. No; I said to her "You told me you bought them on Tuesday morning, and you had better mind what you are about," as she had told the Magistrate she bought them between three and four o'clock on Monday afternoon - I did not go to her after the examination; the stable is about ten yards from the house - it stands down in a hollow by the river - a board fence joins it to the house, except that there is an opening to let persons into the yard - there is a front door to the stable opening into the public road without going through the yard.


                  MARION 
                  McCOY
               



            . My husband is a baker, and lives in Black-court-passage. The prisoner came to me on Monday, the 3d of April, about three o'clock in the afternoon - I did not know him before - I am sure it was as early as three o'clock in the afternoon - he brought two old coats and a waistcoat - I bought them of him for 3s.; I buy old clothes - he came again on Wednesday, the 5th, about half-past five o'clock, with a young man named King, and the prisoner bought the green coat back again for 2s. 3d., and King bought a white great coat at the same time; King came back with another young man, and said his mother would not let him have the coat - it was too big for him - the young man said he was his brother, and he bought the same coat for 2s.
Cross-examined. Q. After you were examined at the office, did the prosecutor come to you, and ask you to alterthe hour? A. He came on the Sunday before the examination, and said he had made his deposition - that it was half-past six when he lost the things; I said he must be mistaken, for I had them in my possession by three o'clock on Monday; he said it did not make much difference as to the time, and I need not state any time - I said I would not unless I was asked, but if so I must tell the truth - he said nothing to that.


                  JOHN 
                  WARREN
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 8th of April, in Pear-street, Westminster, in company with King, who ran away; he has been taken since, and was examined with McCoy - King had the coat on his back - I apprehended him the same day - I found the waistcoat at McCoy's - she told me she bought them on the Tuesday morning, and when she came to the office she altered the time.
CHARLES ANGEL HUNT. This coat and waistcoat are mine. I am sure they were safe on Monday evening, at six o'clock, for I hung the coat on a chair when I went out - the coat is worth 4s. - the great coat cost me 3l. 6s. the latter end of last year - there was not a brack in it.
MARION McCOY. The prisoner sold me this waistcoat and two coats - the great coat was not so good as the one produced - I am sure I bought them on Monday at three o'clock; I told the officer by mistake that it was Tuesday, but I recollected afterwards.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not sell the coat - I bought for it 2s. 3d.




               GUILTY. Aged 16. Of stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
