





519. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DUNN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Mark 
                           Skerrett
                        




                     
                  , on the afternoon of the 10th of February
 (Eleanor, his wife being therein), and stealing a shawl, value 10 s.; a shirt, value 3 s.; a seal, value 12 s.; a pair of bracelets. value 8 s., and a thimble, value 3 d.
            , his property.


                  ELEANOR 
                  SKERRETT
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Mark 
                  Skerrett
               



             - we keep the Bricklayer's-arms, public-house
, South Molton-street


 - the prisoner frequented our house - he came between nine and ten o'clock in the morning of the 10th ofFebruary, stopped an hour, and went out - he came again about two, and stopped till half-past three, during that time I missed him from the bar, and went up stairs. I kept the key of the bed-room, banging in the bar, and missed it. I tried the door of my bed-room on the first floor, and found it unlocked. I went away, thinking he might be in an upper room, and then saw him come out of the bed-room, and asked how he came there - he asked what I made a piece of work about: I asked if he had taken anything from the room; he told me to look, and said he had not. I have three chests of drawers there - I looked, and missed nothing. I called the pot-boy, and the prisoner declared to him that he had nothing, and was going down stairs; I called out to two gentlemen who were in the bar; they stopped him. The officer was fetched, and found a pair of bracelets and a silver thimble on him, which I had seen in my room three weeks before.
Prisoner. Q. Was I out of the room when you saw me - A. Yes; I saw him coming out on the landing-place, close to the door; he was liberated, but finding more property in the parlour, he was brought back.
WILLIAM SMART. I am servant to the prosecutor. I was called up, and took hold of the prisoner - he attempted to go down; I took hold of him, called for help, and two gentlemen came from the bar, and stopped him. The officer found the bracelets, three keys, and a thimble on him.


                  MATTHEW 
                  HARKER
               



            . I travel for a house in the City. On the 10th of February, I was in the bar, heard Smart call, and in five or six minutes heard a bustle on the stairs - I stopped the prisoner coming down, took him into the bar, and saw him give up a shawl and shirt; he went to the end of the room, and sat down, pulled something from his pocket, and tore it up. I heard something fall, and after that Mrs. Skerrett said he might go; I went to where he had sat, and found a gold seal and three picklock keys. I called out not to let him go, and he was brought back.


                  MARY 
                  MANNING
               



            . I am servant at this house. I locked the bed-room door, and hung the key in the bar.


                  CHARLES 
                  OSBORNE
               



            . I am a tailor. I was at the house, and saw the prisoner go out of the bar into the tap-room. I saw the bracelets found on him.
ANDREW ROBERTS. I am a constable. I searched him, and found a pair of bracelets, a thimble, and three small skeleton keys on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 33.




               Of Larceny only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
