






1520. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BRYAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Treacher
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TREACHER
               



            . On the 10th of July I was passing the Royal Exchange


, about half-past twelve o'clock in the day; I was touched on the arm by a person, and told I was robbed - I missed my pocket-handkerchief, which I had had half an hour before; the officer picked it up from the ground - he had hold of both the prisoners, within a yard of me: Williams begged that I would be rather considerate towards him - I do not think the other said any thing.


                  CHARLES 
                  THOROGOOD
               



            . I am a constable. I saw the prisoners coming down Sweeting's-alley, and knew them; I watched them, and saw them follow the prosecutor -Williams took the handkerchief from his pocket, and gave it to Bryan; I seized them directly, and Bryan dropped it at his feet.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Williams' Defence. I am a shoemaker
, but was short of work, and went to the London-dock: I was returning, when the officer accused me of robbing this gentleman, which I had not done.
Bryan's Defence. I went to the docks for work - I was coming home, and saw two young men following thegentleman, and pick his pocket - they dropped the handkerchief, and the officer took me.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
BRYAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
