





613. 
               
                  
                     JOHN EDWARD 
                     HEWITT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of February
, two sovereigns, and the sum of 10 s. in monies numbered
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Mattingly
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MATTINGLY
               



            . I am a bedstead maker
, and live at No. 4, Glass House-yard, Blackfriars. On the 12th of February the prisoner came to me in the cellar, and asked the price of a tent bedstead; I told him 32 s. - he asked if the wood was seasoned as it was to go to the West Indies, he should want five of them, I must take less, and they must be matted and taken down to the London Docks; I said if he would send the matting I would take off 2 s. which we agreed to. He said,
"You will want some money," I said Yes; he said it was too late them, but he would call next morning and say when I should see the merchant - he came next day at noon, and asked if I had made out the bill, I said, No, because I was waiting to see him; he desired me to make it out; I made it out and gave it him; he said,
"Have you any cards," I said No. He said,
"Write down your address and business on the bill;" I did so. He told me to meet him at the Jamacia Coffee-house, Cornhill - I agreed to meet him on change, at half-past three o'clock, and bring the difference of a 10 l.note, which would be 50 s. I went and waited till four o'clock, when he came with some papers and a pen in his hand, and said he was sorry to keep me so long, and asked if I had got the change, I said Yes; he asked for the bill, I said he had that. I shewed him a stamped receipt; he said that would do very well, and I must follow him to Lloyd's, and at the top of the stairs he told me to wait and he would be with me directly; I waited a few minutes - he came, and said,
"Have you got the change ready, give me the change, and sign this paper;" I endeavoured all I could to sign it, but the pen he gave would not write - there was grease at the end of it; he had got the change; he said,
"I will get a fresh pen," and went into the Coffee-house again, as I thought for that purpose, but he never returned; I did not see him till he was taken up eight days after. I never saw the merchant. I gave him two sovereigns and 10 s.


                  JOHN 
                  BRADY
               



            . I am a beadle. I apprehended the prisoner.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he had moved in a respectable station, and had a large family.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 52.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
