





442. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RIDLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of January
, 14 lbs. of silk, value 20 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel London 
                     Field
                  




               
            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SQUIRE
               



            . I am in the service of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  London Field
               



            , of Berkshire; he has a warehouse in Union-street, Bishopsgate. On the 10th of December, I packed up two small bundles of silk, which weighed 13 lbs. 9 ozs. I put a label in each bundle, sewed them in a wrapper, and directed them to
"Mr. S. L. Field, No. 6, Union-street, Bishopsgate," and delivered them to 
               
                  George 
                  Bruckston
               



             to take to the Bristol Van.


                  GEORGE 
                  BRUCKSTON
               



            . On the 10th of December, I took this silk to the turnpike on the Bath road, where the van comes by, and delivered it to Holmes.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I received the parcel, and gave it to Shelton.


                  JOSIAH 
                  SHELTON
               



            . I am a labourer employed by Holmes. I delivered it to the prisoner, who drove the van on the 11th of December.


                  MOSES 
                  JONAS
               



            . I am a salesman, and live in Holywell-street, Strand. On Friday morning, the 25th of January, about nine o'clock, the prisoner brought something in a basket, and asked if I would buy it. I opened the basket and wrapper, and found two bundles of silk; I asked how he came by it - he said he found it. I said,
"You should advertise it," and it was my duty to stop it; and said I would send for a constable; he then went away. My son watched him into a public-house, where I sent the constable after him.


                  JAMES 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I took him in charge at the Spotted Dog, public-house, and produced the silk.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SQUIRE
               



            . The labels are in it now, in my writing, and here is the mark where the direction was sewed on.
Prisoner. I beg for mercy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin Esq.
