





994. 
               
                  ANN 
                  CRAWFORD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of April
, a gold pin, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Smith
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM SMITH. I am an agent
 and accountant
. On the 16th of April I was coming up Fetter-lane


, between two and three o'clock in the morning, from a friend's house - I had just parted with some of my friends, and the prisoner came and took hold of my arm, and asked me to go to a house with her; I told her I was married and would not go with her; she continued to speak to me some time, and we got on to Southampton-buildings; she then began crying and pleaded poverty; I was going to give her a shilling to get rid of her, when she took the pin from my bosom - I seized her and called the watchman - she then accused me of knocking her down and ill-using her - I was perfectly sober.


                  FRANCIS 
                  MALLARD
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard Smith call for the watch - he had hold of the prisoner by her arms, and gave charge of her; he appeared to me to be sober. I took her to the watch-house, and she kept the pin in her mouth till she got there; the prosecutor said it was in her mouth - she gave it to me out of her mouth: as we were going along she swore she would swallow it; she acknowledged that she took it.


                  JOHN 
                  WILCOX
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, charged with stealing the pin - the prosecutor appeared to be perfectly sober; as soon as the prisoner came to the watch-house she put her left hand to her mouth, and in giving it to me she said "I acknowledge that I took the pin;" immediately afterwards she said he gave it to her.
Prisoner's Defence. He went with me to a house, and we got tipsy; he gave me the pin which I put into my mouth, and as we were going along he said, he would say I took it, which I never did.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
