





1837. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  POINTER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of September
, 1 leather purse, value 2s.; 3half-crowns, 5 shillings, 3 sixpences, and a 5l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Pugh
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS PUGH. I am a cow-keeper
. On the 22d of September, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon I was in Smithfield pig-market


, and bought three pigs; I took my purse out, and had to pull out a 5l. note, to give the pig-dealer three sovereigns - I returned the note into the purse, which I put into my pocket, and buttoned it up - it then contained the note, and 14s. in half-crowns, shillings, and sixpences; it was a leather purse; I tied the legs of the pigs, and carried one of them to the cart - in putting it into the cart I felt something at my pocket; I put my left-hand down, and found the pocket unbuttoned; the prisoner stood close at my side. I buttoned my pocket up again, and when I was putting the third pig into the cart I could not shut the tail-board; I put my left-hand up to pull the board down, and felt my purse go out of my pocket - I put my hand down, and found it gone; I suspected the prisoner, who was then close to me - he ran away; I followed, crying Stop thief! down Long-lane; he turned down a court, round into the market again, and was there stopped; I am sure he is the man - the purse was picked up near to where he was taken.


                  GEORGE 
                  RANDALL
               



            . I am a journeymon butcher. I was round the turning, and heard a cry of Stop thief! the prisoner ran by me; I followed, and secured him by the Bell public-house - he stood close to the wall, and dropped the purse down behind him; I picked it up, and gave it to the officer.


                  JOHN 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am an officer. I was in Long-lane, and heard a cry of "Run the other way, and meet him;" I met the prisoner - Randall was holding him by the collar, and said, "Don't throw it away;" Randall stooped - I heard something fall; Randall picked up the purse, and gave it me; Pugh owned it.(Purse produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He never saw me drop it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Life
            .
