





82. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BANBURY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 27th of October
, 1 coat, value 20s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 4s.; 1 snuff-box, value 6d.; 1 pen-knife, value 1s. 6d.; 1 shirt-pin, value 4s.; 1 watch, value 25s., and 1 watch-guard, value 12s., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Legg
                     




                  , the said goods having lately before been stolen by some evil-disposed person, he well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute, &c.


                  JAMES 
                  LEGG
               



            . I am a bookseller
, and live in Chapter-house-court, St. Paul's Church-yard. On the 26th of October, about nine o'clock I fell in with a girl of the town. whose name was Flora, - she took me to a lodging-house, No. 5, Laurence-street, St. Giles'; we went up stairs, and I went to bed - I put my watch-guard and pin into my hat before I went to bed; I was merry, but knew what I was about - I awoke in the morning, about half-past seven o'clock; Flora was gone, and my watch-guard, pin, and great-coat - I went down stairs, and met a young woman, named Cracknell; I saw the prisoner standing opposite the house - I went and asked him the name of the person who kept the house; he said Grant -I described to him all the circumstances of the robbery; he said, "The property is gone now, you will never see it any more," and that these things often occured in that house - I went in the afternoon to make further inquiries, and saw the prisoner near the same house again; he passed by me.


                  MARY 
                  ANN SIDNEY
               



            . I live at No. 4, Laurence-street, next door to this house. On the Tuesday the prisoner came to my room, and shewed a watch to Porter, who I live with - it had no guard on it at that time; he asked what we thought it was worth - I had seen Flora; the prisoner lives with Ann Norey, who is partner with Flora- the prisoner said Flora had committed a robbery, and shewed the watch; this was between eight and nine o'clock on the Tuesday morning - I saw him again at four in the afternoon, with the same watch in his possession.


                  EDWARD 
                  PORTER
               



            . I live with Sidney as a husband - what she has stated is correct; the prisoner brought up a watch, and asked what I thought it was worth - I did not understand from him who had committed the robbery; I heard it in the course of the day - he said that Flora Norey had knocked him up at two o'clock in the morning, and left the watch in his care.
WILLIAM PACKERS. I am a pawnbroker, of Oxford-street. I have a watch, pawned on the 27th of October, in the evening, by the prisoner.
HENRY POPE. I am a Police-constable. I took the prisoner, on the 12th of November, at Marylebone - he said he had the watch the morning after the robbery, and pawned it, but had no benefit from it.
Prisoner's Defence. The watch was left with me by the person now missing - they asked me to pawn it, which I did.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
