






1116. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     HEATLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of July
, two plants, value 5 l., and two garden pots, value 2 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live at Stoke Newington, and have a nursery
 at Islington


. On Sunday morning, the 6th of July, about eight o'clock, in consequence of information, I missed two plants, which I had seen safe at four in the morning. I found the prisoners at the watch-house with them on the Monday morning. I am certain of their being mine; one is a particularly rare plant, the auricaria imbricator, from South America, and is the rarest plant we have in the country; it is worth five guineas; the other is the vitus illustrica, worth five shillings.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Were they planted in the ground - A. No, in pots in the green-house.


                  JOHN 
                  PADDINGTON
               



            . I am watchman of Park-place, Back-road, Islington. On Sunday morning, the 6th of July, at half-past three o'clock, I saw the prisoner Sullivan over in Smith's nursery, and Wheatley outside the pales. I was calling the hour, and I saw them just before I set out to call the hour; they were about a hundred yards from my box. I saw Sullivan hand over what appeared to me to be blue flowers, and as I came along calling the hour, Wheatley met me, and when about thirty yards from her, I saw her with flowers; before that, I saw her put these two pots down on the front of a gentleman's house. I came up to her and said,
"Where have you been rambling to all night." She said,
"I have not been rambling; I have been in bed with my husband." A brother watchman came up. I said she had no business there; and I went to Sullivan, who was still over in the nursery, and said,
"What business have you here?" He said, he was ordered there. I asked, who by; he said, by his master, Mr. Potter, a bricklayer, of White Conduit-fields; he said Mr. Smith gave him orders to send a man to take care of the nursery, and his master sent him there; I collared him, and we took both to the watch-house, with the plants, which Mr. Smith claimed.
Cross-examined. Q. Who has had them since - A. Mr. Smith. I saw them in Wheatley's hands, and saw her set them down on the coping-stone. I did not see the plants in her hand till she came to the coping-stone.



                  JOHN 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a watchman at the top of Barnsbury street. I was calling half-past three o'clock, and coming down John-street, opposite the nursery, I observed one of the pales had been pulled down. I crossed the road immediately, and saw the print of a foot in the soil, and outside the place were loose blue flowers, and on looking up the road, I saw Wheatley about fifty yards off. I went up to her, and said,
"What have you got there?" She said,
"A few flowers." I said,
"Then, you must come with me." Two men immediately came up; one said,
"What are you going to do with the poor woman - you have no charge against her, and have no business with her." I said,
"I had a reason for what I was doing." One of them immediately said,
"Come, I'll give you two shillings to let her go," and she offered me a shilling herself. I refused, and in going towards the watch-house, she said,
"I am not well - don't go so fast;" and in turning in to Barnsbury-street, she said,
"Let me take a pinch of snuff;" she put her hand into her pocket, but took no snuff out. The men came up again and laid hold of me, and wanted to take her by force, but I sprang my rattle and they set off. I took her to the watch-house. Sullivan was inside the place when I first took her, and Paddington was speaking to him. I did not see Paddington speak to Wheatley myself; we took them to the watch-house, and Mr. Smith claimed the plants.
Q. You found her with a bunch of flowers in her hand? A. No, she had put the plants down before I came up - she was fifty yards from where I saw the flowers strewed about; the plants were kept in a house close to the paling.
MR. SMITH. I know these plants to be mine; I found the pales broken, and footsteps inside the garden, and a good many flowers gone.
SULLIVAN. The woman is innocent of the crime.
WHEATLEY'S Defence. I know nothing of the plants.
SULLIVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
WHEATLY - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 32.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
