





974. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     TAVISHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously asaulting 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Fernie
                        




                     
                   on the King's highway, on the 24th of July
, putting him in fear, and taking fromhis person, and against his will, one watch and chain, value 3 l; and two seals, value 2 l, his property
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  FERNIE
               



            . I am an accountant
, and live in Leadenhall-street. On the 24th of July, about a quarter before one o'clock in the day. I was at the corner of Bishopsgate-street and Leadenhall-street, I had just left the shop of Mr. Macklin the silver-smith, and on crossing to go home, I perceived a number of persons moving forward with flags and music. When I got to the corner of Leadenhall-street


 I saw a number of persons whose appearance attracted my attention, one of them was the prisoner - I can speak with certainty to him. I fixed my eye on him, and at that moment he made a desperate pull at my watch-chain while I was looking him in the face; I immediately collared him - my chain was broken and went with the seals, I think they were taken before he struck me - I found my watch still in my fob. I was surrounded by twenty of the gang, knocked down, and kept down until the prisoner escaped. As soon as I got from them, I ran in the direction the crowd took, came up with the prisoner at St. Peter's Church, and found a sailor scuffling with him - I endeavoured to get to them, saying
"That is the man who robbed me," but the gang said he was not the man - they all set upon the sailor, and the prisoner escaped a second time. I found him in custody on the 16th of August, on another charge. I have no doubt whatever of his being the man; I was obliged to look at him some time at the Mansion House, because he was shaven quite clean - when he robbed me he had a very rough beard.
JAMES REDFERN. I am a seaman, and live at Romford. On the 24th of July, I was in Cornhill going to the Jerusalem Coffee-house, and at the end of Bishopsgate-street there was a mob - I stopped and saw the prisoner trying to get from somebody. I am positive he is the man. A gentleman sung out
"He has got my watch stop him!." I tried to stop him - the mob pushed me violently, and he got from me; they were crying out
"That is not the man, let him go." When he got clear of me he pulled out a knife, and was going to cut away - the gang hustled him lower down, and I lost him. I saw him in custody two or three weeks afterwards, and I am certain he is the man.


                  LOUISA 
                  STEWART
               



            . I live in Dorset-street, Spitalfields. On the 24th of July the weavers committee had a procession, which drew a crowd. About twenty men came up in a gang in Camomile-street and about the Old City Chambers, three of them tried at a gentleman's watch - they were with a little boy, which excited my attention. The gentleman gave him a rap on the head. I observed the prisoner and another with the gang. I went to the corner of Leadenhall-street - the prosecutor stood against a post, and ten or twenty of them stood close by him, the prisoner was one; he stooped right in front of the prosecutor. I saw his hand go towards Mr. Fernie, and before he could make any resistance he pulled out his watch; as I thought. Mr. Fernie said
"I am robbed!" I said,
"That is the man who has got your watch." He collared him, and in the scuffle both fell. The gang called each other, and all got round the prosecutor and rescued the prisoner. He got as far as the coach-stand, when the sailor seized him and held him as far as St. Peter's-court. The gang said
"This is not the man," I said he was. The sailor held him a minute or two; he then cried out
"He has stabbed me!" and let him go. I saw him afterwards at Lambeth-street, and am positive he is the man. He had a large brown coat on at the time.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 11th of August the prisoner was apprehended on another charge. I took Stewart to the office on the 14th; she pointed the prisoner out from among the other prisoners - the prosecutor and the sailor also swore to him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was looking at the procession, when they laid hold of me, and said I had robbed the gentleman.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
Of stealing from the person only.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
