





1294. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WINGROVE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of July
, a watch chain, value 1 s., and two keys, value 4 d., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Hill
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  HILL
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Levy, who is an officer to the Sheriff of Middlesex
. On the 23d of July, about half-past ten o'clock in the evening, I was turning up Jewin-street


, and at a place called Redcross-square


 the prisoner came up, and snatched at my watch - I did not see him till he took it; my fob was twisted; the ring broke, and he got the chain. I sung out Stop thief! and he was taken a few yards off, without my losing sight of him, as there are three gas-lights there. - I am sure of him.


                  JAMES 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a printer. I was in Redcross-square, heard Hill cry out, and seized the prisoner five or six yards from him, endeavouring to escape.


                  THOMAS 
                  TURNER
               



            . I was in the square, and saw the prisoner and the prosecutor - there was a cry of Stop thief! the prisoner ran towards me. Green came up and stopped him. I took him to the watch-house - nothing was found upon him, but as he ran I thought I saw him throw something away, and next morning some workmen gave me the watch-chain.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  LOVELL
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, and next morning I received the chain and seal from Turner.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to meet a young man, and being late I was running; there was an alarm, and two men stopped me. Two or three men ran by me as hard as they could.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
