





701. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  PAYNE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of December
, 80 lbs. weight of lead, value 12s., belonging to 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Lynn
                     




                  , and fixed to a certain building of his; against the Statute
            .
THOMAS LYNN. I am a builder
, and own a house in Brunswick-street, Hackney-road, in the parish of Shoreditch


. On Thursday morning, the 20th of December, I missed some lead from the gutters, which I had seen safe two days before; part of it was afterwards produced - I could not match it, as the rest was gone; I know it by my own dressing, as I am my own plumber - here are marks which I put on it about six months ago, when I put it down on the gutter of Nos. 5 and 7, in the street - I lost lead from other gutters before, but it was older than this - I am certain this belongs to No. 5 or 7, and I saw it safe two days before; the mark on the lead of the other houses is quite different.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is this the lead of a whole gutter? A. No, only part of it - it has been cut in pieces; I marked the other in a different place.


                  ELIJAH 
                  BEASLEY
               



            . I live at the Roebuck public-house, Hackney-road. On the 20th of December Pool called to me and my fellow-servant to stop the prisoner; we found this lead in his possession; I said,
"You have been and stolen this lead from Mr. Lynn's houses;" he said, "You are a poor fellow as well as myself - you had better let me go."


                  GEORGE 
                  HARDING
               



            . I and Beasly were called, and took the prisoner with the lead.


                  EGGETT 
                  POOL
               



            . I was selling fruit at the corner of Haggerston-lane - the back of these houses come down to this lane. On the 20th of December, Mr.Lynn asked if I had seen any body with lead - I said No; but about half past six o'clock, I saw a young man loaded with lead - I ran over to the public-house; but he had got down a back street; I should know him by his clothes - In about an hour, I saw the prisoner come with some lead - I ran to the public-house, and the witnesses came and took him.
Cross-examined. Q. How long is it since you were a witness here? A. I never was a witness; I was here, but did not do the misdemeanor; I was brought here about some beef, and imprisoned six months - I was tipsy.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer, and received the lead from the witnesses, and I told the witnesses if they saw the prisoner to take him, and a night or two after, I went with them and took him - I went to the houses, and could not match the lead except by the width of the gutters which seemed to match.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not you see footsteps on the ground? A. Yes; I took the prisoner's shoes off, but did not match them, as I was informed he had got a new pair; the marks were of a shoe with part of the heel worn off.


                  ELIJAH 
                  BEASLEY
               



            . I left the prisoner with Harding while I went for assistance, and he escaped - I had seen him before about.
Cross-examined. Q. Did the prosecutor attempt to swear to the lead before he spoke to you? A. He spoke to me before he went in; the Magistrate did not reprimand him in my hearing.


                  GEORGE 
                  HARDING
               



             re-examined. I knew the prisoner before - he struggled and got from me - some persons round said, if I did not let him go they would make me.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not the prosecutor speak to you? A. He did, outside the office; he told me to be confident to the lead, and not swear to the wrong lead, as there was other lead about; the magistrate reprimanded him for speaking to me - Beasley was present, but he had sworn to it before he spoke to me - I told the magistrate I had seen the prisoner before.
The witnesses deposition being read, did not contain that statement.
I told the magistrate so I am certain.

Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Lynn said he could not swear to it, before he called these lads out; he then came in, and said he could swear to it - the Magistrate reprimanded him for it.



               GUILTY
             Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
