






1555. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     WILKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of July

, 2 gown pieces, value 10s.; 1 counterpane, value 5s.; 12 pairs of gloves, value 24s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 16s.; 2 remnants of muslin, value 2s.; 2 towels, value 1s.; 3 pairs of braces, value 15s.; 3 stiffeners, value 16s.; 2 pairs of garters, value 2s., and 3 remnants of cotton, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Verey
                        



                     
                   his master
            ; and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     STAPLES
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute, &c.


                  JOHN 
                  JOWETT
               



            . I was in the employ of 
               
                  John 
                  Verey
               



            , a hosier
; the prisoner Wilks and been nearly eleven months in his service. I had given some instructions to Clements and Ballard, and on the 31st of July they came and brought four silk handkerchiefs and two silk handkerchiefs, four of which I could positively swear to, from a mark which was then on them, but which is now gone: this one I had had in my hand the evening before, and I bad missed them; I know the patterns of the others - we got a search-warrant and went to the house of Staples; she was present, and we found two gown pieces, this cambric handkerchief, three gloves and a variety of other articles; I can swear to the gown prints and to this muslin, which has a private mark on it; I believe them all to be Mr. Verey's; she said they had been given to her by Wilks.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. She told you that, on their being found? A. Yes; she gave up a purse, which she said belonged to Wilks - I did not see how much was in it: I heard Wilks and she were going to be married - she lives with some persons who I understood were her parents; she said Wilks had given her all the things - many of them are small remnants, and are not of much value; some of the gloves were in the possession of her father - I believe he is a bell-hanger.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I was sent to watch the shop of Mr. Verey, in Regent-street



, on the 31st of July; I saw Wilks coming out of the shop, and followed him with Ballard - as he was walking along Margaret-street I saw him take some things from his pockets, look at them, and do something with them; we followed him on to Mr. Chapman's, a pawnbroker, in Cleveland-street, where he offered these four handkerchiefs for 1s. 6d.; we took him, and then found other handkerchiefs in his pocket; we got a search-warrant, and went to Union-street. Oxford-street, where we found the female prisoner: I said to her, "Henry is in custody - we have a search-warrant, and are in possession of a good many facts to prove that you have received some things; you may do as you please about what you say to me:" she said, "I shall not deny it;" she then opened the drawers, and gave me these things - she said she had lived in the same family, and expected to be married to Henry - that they had bought those drawers and some other things; she gave me this purse of money, which she said he gave her to save for him. Wilks said at the office that he gave these things to her, and she knew nothing about them.
Cross-examined. Q. She at once told you of it? A. She gave me the money; I believe I first said, "Whose money is this?" there was no hesitation about her - she behaved very well: I believe it was not her father and mother who lived in the house with her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALIARD
               



            . I have nothing to add farther,except that some of these things were in the possession of her father, as he is called; this stiffener was in the possession of her brother - one pair of braces had been sold by her mother to one of the lodgers; I found two duplicates in Wilks' pocket, which allude to some of these things.


                  JOHN 
                  WILCOX
               



            . I have a piece of silk, pawned with me on the 26th of July, by Wilks, as I believe - this is the duplicate I gave.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM ANDREWS
               



            . I have some silk, pawned with me by Wilks, on the 21st and 28th of July.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WILKS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
STAPLES - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
