





203. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SEWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of November
, 7 handkerchiefs, value 14s
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     May
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MAY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Henry 
                  May
               



             - I live at Notting-hill


, and am a laundress. On the 23rd of November I lost seven silk pocket-handkerchiefs from my garden; I put them out at five o'clock in the evening, and went about seven to take them in - I then missed seven out of sixteen; they belonged to different persons who I work for - I have seen the prisoner about the place.
Cross-examined by MR. DUNN. Q.Did not a gentleman claim them at the office? A. No - here are three of them marked with my private mark, and four with the gentleman's name; here is C. R. for Mr. 
               
                  Collin 
                  Robertson
               



            , D. R. for Mr. Divie Robertson, and C. F. W. for Mr. 
               
                  Philip 
                  Williams
               



             - I am positive these are the handkerchiefs.


                  THOMAS 
                  HENRY
               



             THOMPSON. I am a Police-patrol. I saw the prisoner, at a quarter before six o'clock, on the 23rd of November, run out of the Uxbridge-road, about a mile from Tyburn-gate - knowing him, I went and caught him; I asked what he had got - he said Nothing; I put my hand into his bosom, and pulled out a wet pockethandkerchief - he pulled it out of my hand, and said,"What do you want with my pocket-handkerchief?" I called my brother officer, and we took him - I found these other handkerchiefs wet on him; he said they were his also.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say he found them? A. Yes, in Black Lion-lane, wrapped up in a white rag, which he had thrown away - they were in his different pockets.
JOHN BICKER. I was with Thompson - what he has stated is correct.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked them up in a cloth; I took them out, and threw the cloth away, as it was all over mud.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
