





1033. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     ALBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of July
, one shirt, value 2 s.; one pair of shoes, value 2 s.; 1 lb. of tea, value 4 s.; two handkerchiefs, value 6 d., and two pair of stockings, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Alexander 
                  M'Bride
               




            .
ALEXANDER M'BRIDE. I am a tailor
. On the 4th of July, I was coming from Chelsea, I went into a public-house with two companions; as I came into the tap-room, the prisoner came and sat next to me, and asked if I would buy a shirt. I said I had no objection - he fetched it, it was wrapped up in a linen handkerchief. I gave him 5 s. 6 d. for the shirt, 6 d. for the handkerchief, and 5 s. 6 d. for a pair of shoes. One of my friends went away, we were walking along together, and went into the Rose and Crown, public-house, St. Martin's-lane


, for some beer, with him and a friend, and had a pot of beer, we had the articles stated in the indictment in a bundle; he came behind, caught me by the throat, and said,
"You have got my shirt and shoes." I said, I had paid him for them; he said,
"I will have them or your life;" he knocked me down under the table, twisted my bundle from me, and to save myself from being choked, I let go, and he ran off with it - my friend was also knocked down. Next morning, I went to where I bought the things of him, and found him there in his regimentals, I said,
"You are the man who robbed me last night;" he ran off, I followed him to the barracks, and he was secured. My handkerchief and shoes were found in his knapsack. I am positive he is the man.


                  NICHOLAS 
                  COWARD
               



            . I was with the prosecutor; we had been to Chelsea, and when we came to a house by the mews gate, the prisoner asked him to buy a pair of shoes, he bought them and a shirt. I saw him pay for that - I left him.


                  DANIEL 
                  BROCK
               



            . I was with them, and saw the prisoner said the prosecutor the things - we left there, and a woman was with us; we went into a house in St. Martin's-lane, they knocked the prosecutor down, the prisoner got on him. I rose to his assistance and was knocked down, the soldiers went off with the bundle - the prisoner is the man.


                  JAMES 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am a serjeant in the Guards; the prosecutor informed me of the robbery. I found the shoes and handkerchief in the prisoner's knapsack.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. At Bow-street, he said the landlord was present; he was fetched, and said he never saw me in the house. I got the shoes from the depot in Smithfield.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
