







978. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     CORDWELL
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PURDY
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HILL
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of March
, 3 sheets, value 11s; 2 petticoats, value 2s.; 6 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; and 1 shift, value 1s., the goods of the 
                     
overseers of the poor, for the time being, of the parish of Fulham



.
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Battershill
                  



               
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  SARAH 
                  BATTERSHILL
               



            . I am matron of Fulham work-house




. On the 16th of March the three prisoners were paupers


 there: I was absent for some time on parish business - I left the prisoners there, and when I returned they had absconded, about ten minutes, as I heard; I did not miss any property till the Tuesday night, when the officer took one of the prisoners, with a bundle; I knew the property - it had been in my care in the work-house.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  CHARLES
               



            . On Monday, the 16th of March, I saw Stokes, Cordwell, and Purdy, (but not Hill) with a bundle, which they all assisted to carry from the workhouse to the Rose and Crown public-house, at Putney; Stokes and Cordwell pawned some sheets at Mr. Steward's; we then went to the King's Arms; Stokes and I went to Mr. Butcher's, a pawnbroker's, at Wandsworth, and pawned a shirt for 2s., three flannel petticoats for 1s. 6d., a shift for 8s., and a handkerchief for 1s.; we then went back to the King's Arms public-house, and all four of us had breakfast; Cordwell and Purdy were there - they knew how we had disposed of the things, but Hill was not there at all; an officer came and took them into custody, and took Purdy with a bundle, but he did not take me; I went and gave information; Hill was in the house, but I do not know that he did any thing; I did not see these people steal the things.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ROSE
               



            . I am a constable. On the 17th of March I saw Purdy at Fulham, and took him, with a bundle -I asked how he came by it - he said I had better see; I shewed it to the matron.


                  ISAAC 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I went to Mr. Steward's, and got two sheets belonging to the poor-house; Mrs. Battershill took me there; I then went to Mr. Butcher's, and got these other articles.



                  THOMAS 
                  ASHBY
               



            . I know the poor-house. On the 16th of March, about six o'clock in the evening, I saw Elizabeth Charles, Stokes, and Purdy, on the top of the premises - Hill was at the bottom, throwing up the bundles to Purdy; the matron was out of the way at the time; the prisoners left the house the same evening.(Property produced and sworn to.)
CORDWELL's Defence. We were washing on Monday afternoon; after tea, Stokes asked us to go away, and said she would get us work, and keep us till we got it; Charles then went into the yard, and got the linen - they were put in bundles, and at night we got over the wall: we went to Putney, and there they pawned two sheets; we then went to Wandsworth - we slept at the King's Arms; on the Monday morning they pawned one sheet at Mr. Butcher's, and two flannel petticoats, one shirt, and three hankerchiefs; Charles pawned the handkerchiefs in her own name, and Stokes the rest: we went to Chelsea next day, and then Stokes took two old sheets, and sold them, but I do not know to whom: on the Tuesday they ran away, and I never saw them till Thursday, when I saw Stokes, and asked what she had done with the duplicates; she he had said, burnt them; I was away a fortnight, and then I thought I had better give myself up, and suffer a little, and give up the company I was in.
PURDY's Defence. Stokes asked if I would run away? I said, I had such a bad jacket; she said, "I will buy you a jacket in Chelsea;" Stokes tied up the bundles; I saw them take three pieces of soap, which they sold in Jew's-row; they then went to the Rose and Crown public-house, and took the shirts - I was going away, but they would not let me.
HILL's Defence. I was down in the garden while the other prisoners were getting over; I asked where they were going? they did not answer; I never went away.
CORDWELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.
PURDY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HILL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
