






156. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  PHEBE
               





             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  MALONEY
               





             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of November
, 5 knives, value 2s. 6d., and 2 forks, value 8d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Grubb
               




            .
GEORGE GRUBB. I live at No. 4, Drury-court, Strand


. I went out on the 22d of November, about two o'clock, and returned at half-past nine at night - these knives and forks were then gone - I made them myself.


                  MARGARET 
                  GRUBB
               



            . I am the prosecutor's daughter. I was in the room behind the shop about seven o'clock in the evening - a person came in, and asked if I missed any knives; I looked, and missed them - I ran and took Maoney, brought him back, and he took this knife and fork from up his sleevs, and laid them on the counter - Phebe came up afterwards to look for him, and the constable took him. When I first went out, I saw them both together, looking at a pawnbroker's window at the bottom of the court.


                  FRANCIS 
                  SPEIGHT
               



            . On the evening of the 22d of November, I saw the prisoners standing at Grubb's window; I am certain of them both - I saw Phebe put his hand into the window, and take some knives and forks - Maloney leaned against him, to prevent his hand being seen to enter he window: I went in and told the lady, but did not see the prisoners taken.


                  JAMES 
                  GRUBB
               



            . I live with my father. Maloney came into the shop, about a quarter to seven o'clock, and asked the price of two or three pocket-knives - he said he was going to the coal-shed, and he would call again - I did not see Phebe with him - the property was taken about a quarter of an hour after.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am an officer, and took them in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
PHEBE's Defence. I was going along; this lady took hold of the other prisoner - I went to see what was the matter, and they took me.
MALONEY's Defence. I only went to ask the price of a knife.
PHEBE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
MALONEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
