






246. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CLIFFORD
                  




               
             & 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     HASWELL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
, 1 box, value 2s.; 3 gowns, value 12s.; 5 pairs of stockings, value 8s.; 2 shifts, value 6s.; 3 petticoats, value 6s.; 3 aprons, value 6d.; 1 shawl, value 2s.; 3 ribbons, value 6d.; 5 caps, value 2s.; 1 brooch, value 10s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 2 pairs of gloves, value 1s.; and 1 pair of stays, value 6s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Massey
                  




               
            .
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MASSEY
               



            . On Saturday, the 15th of November, I came to town from Cambridgeshire to go to service; I had a bundle and a box of my wearing apparel - I lost the direction where I was to go, and left my box and bundle at a public-house - I do not know where; I met Bridget Clifford, in the street - I told her my situation, and she took me to a place in Frying-pan-alley, where I saw the prisoner Clifford, who is her daughter; I stated there that I had my property at a public-house; Haswell came in soon after; she and I went for my things - she stood near the house while I went in and got them, and then we took them to Clifford's house; I slept at Haswell's, which is in the neighbourhood, but my things remained at Clifford's - I had put my things out of the bubdle into the box, and locked it; it was a deal box, with a flat top, about two feet and a half long, and one foot and a half high; I went for it on Monday morning, at eight o'clock, and it was gone; I had seen it there on Sunday, and the two prisoners.


                  JOHN 
                  ABETHAIL
               



            . I am an assistant to Mr. Loveday, a pawnbroker, of Gray's Inn-lane. I have a shawl and a cap, pawned on Monday, the 17th of November, by Haswell, in the name of Jones; our house is about three quarters of a mile from Frying-pan-alley.


                  JAMES 
                  PIDDINGTON
               



            . I am a watchman. On Sunday night, the 16th of November, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was in Bagnigge-wells-road - I saw the two prisoners; Clifford had a box on her head; I crossed the road, stopped her, and asked what she had got - Haswell said"It is my brother's box, with his clothes in it;" I then let them pass - it was a deal box, with a flat top, about two feet and a half long, and rather dirty; I knew the prisoners before.
ELIZABETH MASSEY. This is my shawl and cap; I lent the shawl to Clifford, but the cap I had put into the box, about six o'clock on the Sunday evening; I locked it, but the key was in it.
HASWELL'S Defence. She slept with me on the Saturday night, and went to the other house, and had breakfast; I went up again about three o'clock in the afternoon, and they were going to dinner - she said "You are a very good one to keep any one company;" I said there were enough to keep any one company without me; I sat down, and had dinner, and went away; I never saw her again till I was taken.
CLIFFORD'S Defence. I left her at home on the Sunday evening, and she picked up with a gentleman, who gave her a bottle of wine and a supper - I went away - I stopped out all night; the door is not shut - that she knows; she came up in the morning, and I was asleep.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I took Clifford into custody, and found this duplicate of the shawl on her.
CLIFFORD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
HASWELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
