





2166. 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  BROCKFORD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of September
, 5 sovereigns, and one 5l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Hope
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN HOPE. I belong to a West India ship
; I came from Jamaica; the prisoner kept a boarding-house for sailors
, at No.2, Harrow-lane, Poplar


; I lodged there from Wednesday till Tuesday; when I received my money, I received a 5l. note, five sovereigns, and ten shillings, for wages, in London-street, Stepney; the prisoner had followed me, and saw me receive it; he said, "What will you do with it, will you go to the play?" I said No; he said,"What will you do? if you are going to have a spree, give me your money;" I said, "No, I am going home;" when we got home, he said, "What have you done with the five sovereigns?" I said they were in my pocket; he said,"Show them to me;" I took them out; he snatched them out of my hand, and said he had got it, and would take care of it; I said I had been a week with him, and he might pay himself, and give me the rest to-morrow - I owed him 5s. and the week's lodging, which was 16s.; I then went to bed, pulled off my clothes, and took my 5l. note in my hand into bed; he followed me up, and said,"Where is your money?" I said he had got it; he said,"You have got 5l. more;" I said I had not: he felt in my pockets, then tossed me out of bed, and pulled up the clothes: he could not find it; he then took hold of my shirt and tore it down, saying he came for money, and money he would have; he then took the note out of my hand, and said, "Now I have got his money, he may go to hell;" he opened it, and showed it to three persons in the room; I asked him for the 5l. note in the morning; he would not give it to me; I then went with him to a public-house, where he had a pot of beer, and asked me to pay for it; I said I had no money; he gave me a sovereign, and said I should have the rest to-morrow; next day he went over to a house in the Borough; I went, and took him there, drunk.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many people were in the bed-room? A. Three; West and I lodged there; he showed him the note - I was sober; I swear that; the examination was not adjourned for him to make up the money; he said he would make it up, but he could not.


                  FREDERICK 
                  WICHSSER
               



             (through an Interpreter). I am a native of the East Indies, and am a sailor; I lodged in the same room with Hope. On this Tuesday evening I saw the prisoner and Hope come into the room; the prisoner took a 5l. note out of his hand by force - Hope only had his shirt on, and the prisoner tore it; he showed the note to two or three people in the room, and then went away with it.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you a friend of Hope's? A. I knew him - the prisoner showed the note to us all; we slept in the house that night.
COURT. Q. Did the prisoner shew the note to 'you all? A. Yes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Life
            .
