






THIRD DAY. SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 18.
Middlesex Cases, Third Jury,
Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
473. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  KELLY
               




             and 
               
                  SOLOMON 
                  JACOBS
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of January
, 1 box, value 6d.; 60 yards of straw plait, value 7s.; 1 gown, value 4s.; 1 skirt, value 4s.; 5 cakes, value 1s.; 3 pork patties, value 2s., and 2 books, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Stanton
               



            , widow
.
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               



            .
MR. CARRINGTON conducted the prosecution.


                  PHILIP 
                  TOWNSEND
               



            . I am a porter, in the employ of William Smith, of the Three Cups Inn, Aldersgate-street. On Saturday, the 21st of January, I received a trunk from my master, to deliver to Mrs. Stanton's daughter, at No. 21, Lambeth-hill; I lost it from my cart, which stood opposite to Messrs. Leaf and Co.'s gateway, Old-change


, while I was delivering a parcel, about five o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  VANN
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the two prisoners on Saturday evening, the 21st of January, between five and six o'clock, in the City-road - Jacobs came down Featherstone-street, and beckoned to Kelly, who was on the same side as I was, with this trunk on his shoulder - he pointed to a turning; I passed Jacobs, and got pretty close to them; I had something in my hand, and while I was putting it into my hat they crossed to the other side of the City-road - I heard Jacobs talking, but I cannot tell what he said. I then crossed, and seized Kelly with the trunk; I asked what he had got there - he said what was that to me - it was his property. I told him I was an officer - he pulled out a stick and struck me on the head - we fought for about ten minutes - Jacobs got away.
Cross-examined by MR. FISH. Q. Have you any reason to think that Jacobs saw you? A. I do not know; I saw him speaking to the other prisoner, and directly I seized Kelly I saw him walk off at a quick rate.
COURT. Q. Was there light enough for you to see his features? A. Yes; he passed a gas light, and I saw him>plainly - it was about twenty minutes before six o'clock; I am sure Jacobs knew me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended Jacobs on the Thursday following.


                  SARAH 
                  STANTON
               



            . I am a widow - this trunk is my property, and the contents; I packed it up on the 21st of January, and delivered it to the coach at Hitchin, to come to the Swan inn, where the coach puts up; I gave it to Kershaw about eight o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  KERSHAW
               



            . I am coachman of the Hitchin coach. I received this trunk from Stanton, wrapped up in a cloth - I left it at the Three Cups booking-office, about half-past twelve o'clock.
The Prisoner Jacobs called -
- JACOBS. I am Jacobs' brother - he had seven examinations before Mr. Bennet; I was called in on the sixth or seventh examination, and Mr. Bennet told the attorney and the officer that he should not commit them till he had facts before him - the attorney said he did not care for Mr. Bennet, and they went and found a bill - they were called before Mr. Bennet again, who said, "What do you mean by this, Vann - I have a great mind to let the case go to the ground - I have a great mind to let Sir Richard Birnie know of your conduct" - and they brought on the case yesterday morning before the Grand Jury.
KELLY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JACOBS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
