





367. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  WREN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Mann
                     




                  , on the King's Highway, on the 24th of December
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, a handkerchief value 2 d.; three half-crowns, and two penny pieces
            , his property.
RICHARD MANN. I am a bricklayer
, and live in Saunders-court, Great Peter-street, Westminster. On Christmas morning, about one o'clock, I was passing down Great Peter-street


, returning home from a supper, which master had given us at the Marquis of Granby public-house; I was perfectly sober, and as I came by the Duke's Head public-house, with Barrett, there were a party of fifteen or twenty men round the Duke's Head, some of them were ringing hand-bells, and as we came up, one of the party struck me a blow over the hat and knocked it over my eyes, and as soon as I put it up, they knocked it off - I picked it up, and they knocked it off again; I then held it in my hand, and they all fell upon me, and beat me in a violent manner; some of the party took three half-crowns and two penny pieces out of my trowsers pocket; they pulled my pocket out; and took a handkerchief from my coat pocket; I endeavoured to get away, and theprisoner followed me out of the mob, and struck me in the right eye, by the lamp-post, he had a woman's bonnet on, I looked under it and said,
"I shall know you again;" he said,
"Will you, you ***" and struck me again in the right eye, I got up Saunder's-court, till they got by, then went and told the watchman, and told him Barnett had run away - I had seen the prisoner among the mob, and he followed me out. I cannot say which of them took the property; it happened just under a gas-lamp, at the corner of Perkins'-rents; he was taken in five minutes, about fifty yards from the spot. I had a black eye for a fortnight, and my thigh was very much bruised, where they had kicked me. I cannot say whether I was ill-used before or after I was robbed.


                  JOHN 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I am a bricklayer's labourer, and had been supping with Mann. I live in Great Peter-street; we were going home together, and by the Duke's-head, there was a party, with bells; we attempted to pass them, on our way home. I was struck on the nose, and both my eyes were nearly closed - I got away as well as I could, and cannot say whether the prisoner was there.


                  JOHN 
                  DEMPSEY
               



            . I am a watchman. The prosecutor came to me; he appeared sober, and was bleeding at the nose and mouth; he said he had been knocked down by the bell-ringers, and had his pocket picked; he said the party were up the street. There were six bell-ringers: the prisoner was not one of them, but was standing by them, with a bottle in his hand - I found him with them, about sixty yards off - I held my lantern up to his face, and Mann immediately pointed him out - I said,
"You are given in charge for ill-using this young man;" he said he had done nothing to him. I took him to the watch-house.
ROBERT HAYS. I was constable of the night. I searched the prisoner, and found only 1 1/2 d. upon him.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent.
GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
