





Middlesex Cases, First Jury.
Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
992. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DARBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, (being servant to 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Dashwood
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
) five silver forks, value 2 l. 15 s., the property of his said master, in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.
LADY 
               
                  ISABEL 
                  ANN DASHWOOD
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Dashwood
               



            , who holds a situation at the Cape of Good Hope
. I came to England to superintend the education of two of my children, who were under the care of Mr. Williams. I reside at No. 1, Montague-place, St. Mary-le-bone


; the prisoner was my footman, and had been so four years; I have been at Windsor for the last six months, and on the 7th of July, I sent him to the town house, and directed him to return to me; he never did; I then examined my plate, all of which was at Windsor, and missed upwards of one hundred and twenty pieces, consisting of spoons, forks, and other articles. I went to Windsor in January last; I authorised him to pawn eight spoons on the 5th of July, 1822, but never authorised him to pawn any more.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Has your Ladyship ever seen M'Carthy at your house - A. Yes; he was not admitted further than the door, to my knowledge.


                  JOHN 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. On Sunday morning, the 31st of August, about two o'clock, I apprehended the prisoner in a Mews at Lisson-green, concealed in a hackney-coach; I asked his name; he said it was 
               
                  William 
                  Darby
               



            , and that he was nearly starved to death. I then asked if he lived with Lady 
               
                  Ann 
                  Dashwood
               



            , and he said he did. I told him I had a very serious charge against him, for robbing her ladyship; he made no answer. I took him out of the coach, and searched his pockets; he had nothing in them. I then took him to Mary-le-bone watch-house; he wished to see Mr. Williams, who afterwards saw him at the watch-house. I found in his shoe, between the inner and outer sole, three duplicates; I asked him if he had any more; he said he had had more, but they were destroyed; that one Daniel M'Carthy had got some more; he gave me his address, at No. 7, Dudley-court, near St. Giles's Church. I went, and left word for him to bring them; and when I returned, I found him in custody at the watch-house.
Cross-examined. Q. You found him in her Ladyship's neighbourhood - A. About half a mile from her house; he made no resistance. I left word at M'Carthy's house, that Darby wanted to see him at the watch-house, and he was to bring the papers which he had with him. He pulled his shoes off himself.


                  DANIEL 
                  M'CARTHY
               



            . I am a painter and glazier. I have hawked fruit about the town; and occasionally, within the last year, have sold fruit at her Ladyship's house; I dealt with the prisoner for it. During the time I was going backwards and forwards to the house, the prisoner employed me, eight or nine times, to pawn plate; he was indebted to me for fruit, and gave me the plate to pawn to raise money to pay me. I pawned it at Sampson's. I offered him the duplicates, but he desired me to take care of them; I delivered some of the tickets to him (looking at the three found on the prisoner); these are not any of them. I may have given him one or two, the rest were taken from me at the watch-house. I pawned the last property in December.
Cross-examined. Q. You were often at the house - A. Yes; the fruit was sold for her Ladyship. I never applied for payment to any one but Darby, as he always dealt with me. I have seen her Ladyship and Mr. Williams occasionally, but understood from Darby that he was the confidential servant. My first bill might be 3 l. or 4 l.; they might take 1 s. or 3 s. worth a day. I kept a shop in Castle-street part of the time. When I pawned the plate, I kept the money, as it was to pay me; when there was more than my bill, I delivered him the balance; I understood from him that her Ladyship wished it to be pawned. The last I pawned was for five guineas; at that time there was 6 l. 16 s. 5 d. due to me. I delivered the bills to Darby. I may have pawned to the amount of 18 l. or 19 l. in all. I served fruit regularly every day, for eighteen months, till her Ladyship went to Windsor; they sometimes took 6 s. worth at a time. I returned him 2 l. in December, and 10 s. or 15 s. at other times. I always went down the area, to the prisoner's room; I do not know where the plate was kept; I may have seen some in his room; I pawned the property as he gave it me - in the evening.

LADY DASHWOOD. I always gave the money to the cook to pay for the fruit; I thought the cook bought the fruit.


                  MARY 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am cook to her Ladyship; she gave me the money to pay for the fruit, which I gave to the prisoner every day.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever see M'Carthy down stairs - A. I have seen him in the butler's pantry many times, for three-quarters of an hour or an hour; he brought the fruit in a basket; I have seen him come in when the prisoner was cleaning plate.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SELLERS
               



            . I am watch-house-keeper. I have ten duplicates, given to me by M'Carthy at the watch-house; one for goods pawned for five guineas, on the 22d of September last, at Sampson's.


                  ROBERT 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Sampson, pawnbroker, Greek-street, Soho; here is one of our duplicates for goods pawned with us by M'Carthy, on the 24th of September, 1822, for five guineas. I produce the property; there are seventeen silver spoons and eleven silver forks, nine of which forks only belonged to her Ladyship, the other two are not worth 20 s. I should have advanced 4 l. 10 s. on her property. Here are five spoons, pawned on the 17th December, 1822, for 2 l. 15 s.; also six desert forks, pawned on the 31st of August, 1822, for 2 l. I have another parcel of goods also.
Cross-examined. Q. No one article is worth 40 s. - A. I should think the gravy spoons worth that, but will not swear it.


                  JAMES 
                  BASSETT
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Harrison. I have a gravy, two table, and two desert spoons, pawned for 2 l. 15 s.


                  JAMES 
                  HALL
               



            . I have three desert spoons, pawned on the 19th of December, the duplicate of which was found on the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  GURNEY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Morritt. I produce four table-spoons, pawned for 2 l., two of the duplicates found on the prisoner relate to them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 37.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
