






860. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GREENWOOD
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DUNKLEY
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of March
, 1 half-sovereign, 2 half-crowns, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        William 
                        Jones
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM JONES. I am a bookbinder
, employed by Mr. Smith, of Albion-buildings. On the 2d of March, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I fell in with a strange man coming over Blackfriar's-bridge into Bridge-street; he came up, and asked if I was going far; I said I lived at Hoxton - he said he was going that way, and walked with me as far as Fleet-market - and just by a soup shop there, he met the prisoners and shook hands with them both. Greenwood proposed that we should go in and have some soup; we all went in and had some; they were all strangers to me. Greenwood proposed to toss for two basons - we tossed and I lost: I had been drinking, but was sober; I took half a crown out of my purse and paid for the soup - Greenwood took the half-crown, and gave me the change; he then said he lived at Hoxton New-town, and would walk with me - we went on together arm-in-arm; Dunkley followed behind. When we got to Smithfield, Greenwood asked me if I thought my money was safe; I said I thought it was - Dunkley was close behind us. We went on as far as Beech-street, and Greenwood pressed me very much again to look at my money; he said the other prisoner was going Finsbury-square way, and that we were both going to Hoxton New-town - he said he lived there: he wished me very much to look at my money in Beech-street


, as he said he did not wish to be blamed, if any body had played tricks with me: I then took it out; I took my silver out in my hand, leaving a half-sovereign in my purse, which was in my hand; it contained also two half-crowns and a sixpence. Greenwood snatched the purse out of my hand; Dunkley stood right before me on the left; Greenwood snatched the purse, and took the half-sovereign out - I said, "You have got the half-sovereign?" - he said, "Oh! it is all right; let me look if the silver is right" - I then gave him the silver into his hand; Dunkley said something to him, and Greenwood directly ran up Golden-lane with my money - I followed him, crying Stop thief! I do not know what became of Dunkley; I followed Greenwood; the watchman sprang his rattle; he turned and came into Beech-street; two gentlemen knocked him down on the pavement - I held him until the watchman took him; I do not know whether Dunkley ran away, or whether he had any of the money. He took Greenwood to Gripplegate watch-house; he said a friend outside would tell how every thing happened. Dunkley then came in, and I said he was the man who was with him - I gave him in charge; I was quite sober - I am a Welchman.
Prisoner DUNKLEY. Q. Can you swear you did not lose your money? A. Yes; I had it in Beech-street.


                  CHARLES 
                  IVERY
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 2d of March, between twelve and one o'clock, I heard a cry of Stop thief! I proceeded to the spot, and saw Greenwood with others running towards Golden-lane; I sprang my rattle, pursued and overtook him about a hundred yards off; I found Greenwood and Jones on the ground and took charge of him: Dunkley might be in the crowd; I saw Greenwood running - Jones appeared perfectly to know what he was about.


                  JAMES 
                  NOYES
               



            . I am an officer. Greenwood was brought to the watch-house - Jones was with him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HORTON
               



            . I am superintendant of the watch. Greenwood was brought in, and requested me to fetch his friend in - I brought in Dunkley, and Jones recognised him; Greenwood at first acknowledged having seen a half sovereign in Jones' possession, but afterwards denied it; I found no money on him, but 2s. on Dunkley.
GREENWOOD's Defence. He said he was feeling for a half-sovereign, but I never saw it; I met him and another man walking arm-in-arm - he wanted to get some gin, and then some soup; we at last tossed for some soup; he fell down - the watchman came and threatened to take him to the watch-house; he was asleep in the shop for an hour, and when he awoke, said he had lost half a sovereign; I said nobody had touched him; he wished me to see him part of the way home; I wished him good night in Chiswell-street, and asked if he was all right; he pulled out his money, and dropped it on the stones; I took up a shilling and sixpence, and gave him - he said there was more money, and I had robbed him; he came after me, and I ran; he called Stop thief! and then I stopped; he fell on me, and then three watchmen came up - I did not go away from him; he was at my side all the way.
GREENWOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
DUNKLEY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
