





1112. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PARKER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, 1 piece of handkerchiefs, value 36s.; 9 gauze handkerchiefs, value 36s., and 1 other gauze handkerchief, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Sewell
               




            .


                  FRANCES 
                  SEWELL
               



            . I am the wife of Stephen Sewell; we keep a haberdasher's shop
 in Fetter-lane


. On the 24th of April, about six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came into the shop with two others, and asked for ribbons - I showed him some; he bought a small quantity, which came to 2 1/2d., and paid for it; all these handkerchiefs were in the shop window, within his reach; they all left together - the others bought nothing; one of them had asked to see some stockings - he was close by the prisoner, and drew my attention from him; I was alone in the shop, and did not see the handkerchiefs taken; a neighbour came in almost immediately after they left, and alarmed me; I went out, and saw the prisoner a few doors off; this gauze handkerchief was found on him.


                  GEORGE 
                  TICKELL
               



            . I am a linen-draper, and live in Leadenhall-street. I followed the prisoner, in company with two others, from my own house to Fetter-lane; they went into Sewell's shop - I saw the prisoner and one of the others come out; the prisoner was in the act of putting something into his pocket, which he had some difficulty in doing; I did not see what became of the third person - I sent for Mrs. Sewell; the prisoner and his companion walked up a court, which is a thoroughfare; I stood at the end of the court, and saw the prisoner pull something out, which he gave to his companion; I went up, collared the prisoner, and told him to pull those things out of his pocket; his companion then struck me on the back of my neck; I kept hold of the prisoner, pushed him into a little cheesemonger's shop, and told him to pull out what he had in his pocket; he pulled out his own handkerchief and a new gauze one; Mrs. Sewell claimed it; it was some time before the constable came; he asked me to give him a little liberty; he got on a hamper, and then gave me a severe kick in a certain place, but I held him, and he was secured; he also attempted to stab me with a knife, and tore my trousers and drawers.


                  THOMAS 
                  LIGHTFOOT
               



            . I am a constable, and took him in charge; I found 3s. on him.(Handkerchief produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that he had bought the handkerchief in Petticoat-lane for 2s. 6d., and had called at the prosecutrix's shop for a dozen of pins, and that Mrs. Sewell could not identify the handkerchief.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
