





137. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WELCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of November
, one pair of chaise reins, value 6 s.; thirteen live tame fowls, price 26 s., and six live tame ducks, price 12 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Tillot
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  TILLOT
               



            . I live at Brook Green-lane, Hammersmith


. On the 25th of November, I was awoke, and found the chaise-house broken open, it was secure at dusk - a hole was cut through the gates large enough to admit a man; I missed a pair of chaise reins, thirteen live fowls, two dead ones, and six ducks; an iron chisel was left behind. On the Wednesday following, I found the reins at Marlborough-street.


                  ROBERT 
                  DAINTY
               



            . I am a patrol on the Harrow-road. On the 26th of November, about six o'clock at night, I stopped the prisoner on that road by the five mile stone, and took him to the Green Man, public-house, and found a chisel and knife on him. He had left the fowls at the Green Man, public-house, the people are not here, the landlady's son said in his presence, that he left some fowls there in the course of that day - he brought out seven fowls tied in a pair of trowsers, and a pair of chaise reins; the prisoner did not deny leaving them then, but said they were his own, the fowls were dead and picked, and a bloody knife was found on him.
MR. TILLOT. The reins are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in distress, and the parish would give me nothing better than dog's meat, I was turned out of the work-house and could get no relief.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 60.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
