





39. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  TOFFTS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Farraway
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  FARRAWAY
               



            . I live servant to Dr. Clutterbuck, of Bridge-street, Blackfriars. On the 2d of November, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was by the watch-house on Holborn-hill


, coming towards home; I felt a person at my pocket, turned round, and saw the prisoner with my handkerchief in his hand, behind him - I cannot say whether he had any body with him - I collared him, and gave him into custody at the watch-house; he was dressed in a fustian coat - I am certain the handkerchief is nine - I had bought it at Brighton - it had two initials on it.


                  EDWARD 
                  JONES DAVIS
               



            . I live with Mr. Witherby, a Solicitor, of Nicholas-lane. I was on Holborn-hill, and saw the prisoner put his hand into Mr. Farraway's pocket, and draw the handkerchief out; there was a great crowd near the watch-house; I could not see whether any body was in his company; Mr. Farraway laid hold of him directly.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HEINSON
               



            . I am a constable, and received him in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. (written) On the day in question, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was standing at Mr. Parr's door, waiting for a situation, having paid the necessary fee; there was a mob on the opposite-side; I crossed over, and saw a silk handkerchief lay on the ground - I took it up, and held it in my hand; a person owned it, and I gave it to him directly.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
