





284. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BOWERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
, one whittle, value 5 s.; one piece of cotton, value 2 d., and one pocket-book, value 2 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Catharine 
                           Kealy
                        



                     
                  ; and one gown, value 8 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Brenan
                        



.


                  CATHARINE 
                  KEALY
               



            . I keep the White Horse, public-house, South Audley-street




; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Brenan
               



             is my sister, and lives with me - these things were in our bedroom. On the 16th of December, she gave an alarm that a man had run down stairs, and my brother ran after him - I saw the cotton and gown at the watch-house. A person could go through the passage from the street door. The pocket-book was taken off the drawers, and my sister's gown was taken out of them.



                  THOMAS 
                  BRENAN
               



            . I am brother to the last witness - my sister gave an alarm. I went out, and saw the prisoner across the road, about fifty yards off, running very fast. I pursued, calling Stop thief! and he was stopped by two men, as he turned the corner of Mount-street. I saw a whittle and gown on the ground. I asked him what he had done with the things? He said he knew nothing of it - he was taken to the watch-house. A stranger picked the gown, whittle, and cotton up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CROSS
               



            . I am thirteen years of age. I saw the prisoner come quickly out of the White Horse, public-house, with his coat buttoned - he ran; there was a cry of Stop thief! after him; I ran, and saw the red whittle hang down between his legs. I saw him drop it at the corner of Mount-street - I am certain of it. He was secured without my losing sight of him.


                  TOBIAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am labourer. I was turning the corner of Mount-street, and heard the alarm, turned round, and saw the prisoner running in the middle of the road. I stopped him - he threw open his great coat, and dropped the whittle.


                  JOHN 
                  LUX
               



            . I am a beadle. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, and I searched him, but found nothing on him. I found the pocket-book in the privy of the watch-house, which the prosecutrix claimed - he must have dropped it, for nobody else was there.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was inquiring for lodgings, saw a mob, and ran with the others, but was stopped by two men, who said I dropped the property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
