





1337. 
               
                  
                     SOPHIA 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of September
, two gowns, value 1 l.; two petticoats, value 6 s.; two aprons, value 1 s.; a night gown, value, 2 s.; a sheet, value 3 s., and a frill, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sophia 
                           Pritchard
                        



                     
                  ; a gown, value, 5 s.; a petticoat, value 3 s.; a shift, value, 5 s.; and a handkerchief, value 6 d.
            ; and the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Pritchard
                  



               
            .


                  SOPHIA 
                  PRITCHARD
               



            . I live in St. John-street road


, and am single

 - my sister Mary was on a visit at my house - The prisoner was employed to wash for me. On the 16th of September she had two gowns, two petticoats, two aprons, a night gown, and a frill of mine to wash; and was not to iron them. I went out about eleven o'clock and left her there - I returned before twelve o'clock - my sister was at home, but the prisoner was gone, and the articles also, and did not return; she was taken up the next day. I have only got one apron back, which she had on at the time she was taken - her mother had washed for me before. I expected to have found her in the kitchen at the wash, when I returned.


                  MARY 
                  PRITCHARD
               



            . I am single. I was at my sister's. The prisoner had several articles of mine to wash; when my sister returned they were gone. The prisoner came up while my sister was out, and asked me to assist in folding a sheet to take to the mangler's; she went out, and never returned. All the articles might be worth about 2 l.


                  JOHN 
                  PRITCHARD
               



            . I am a carpenter, and brother to the prosecutrix. On Friday evening, the 17th of September as I was coming through Smithfield with my little boy - I met the prisoner and had her taken. There is no way to get at the back of my house.


                  JOHN 
                  HAYFORD
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and found this apron on her person, I have tried to trace the rest of the property, but could not.
(Apron produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I wetted myself in washing, and took off my own apron and left it behind me, and put this one on when I went out.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
