





1758. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     BURKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of July
, 11 yards of silk, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Andrews
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     Nelson 
                     Andrews
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  LLOYD RICE
               



            . I am an assistant to Messrs. William and 
               
                  Nelson 
                  Andrews
               



            , silk-mercers

, who live in Oxford-street


. On the 28th of July the prisoner came and looked at some shawls; while I turned my back, I suppose, she took the silk, which I saw fall from her, under her clothes.
Prisoner. I met a young woman, who wanted me to go with her to buy a shawl - I went with her: the shopman got over the counter, and in getting over, he knocked a piece of silk down on the floor - which I know was black; this is brown - and at the office he said he did not know whether it fell from me or from the counter. Witness. I saw her doing something which I thought was adjusting her stocking - I thought she appeared different to what she was before; and I said, "You have got something, I am sure." I then took hold of her, and it fell from her - I took hold of the other, but she went away: the prisoner acknowledged afterwards that she had taken it.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOSEPH 
                  WORMALD
               



            . I received charge of the prisoner. I searched her and found two half-crowns and a duplicate - in going along she asked me what I thought she would be done to - I said I could not tell.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
