





569. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COX
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of February
, 50 lbs. of lead, value 10 s., belonging to 
                     
                        Matthew 
                        Whiting
                     




                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .


                  MATTHEW 
                  WHITING
               



            . I am a general merchant
, and have a warehouse at Stepney


 - it is my sole property; lead had been stolen from it three or four times. I told the watchman to look out.


                  JOHN 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am a private watchman. On the 20th of February, about six o'clock in the morning, I had a person to call up, which I did, and then returned to the premises, which join Mr. Whiting's. I heard something fall heavily from the roof, ran down the alley, and heard a man say,
"What do you do at the top of the building, stealing the lead?" I then saw the prisoner drop from the building, and secured him; a person looked out of a window, and said that was the man who was on the roof. I said,
"I have got you at last - I have been looking for you a long time, for the people have been robbed four or five times." He said,
"Then I suppose I must pay for all" - I asked if any body was with him? he said No. I found 56 lbs. of lead by his side, and took him to the watch-house, then returned to the roof, and found another piece of lead cut off, ready to be thrown down. I saw it all fitted to the roof; it was quite fresh cut. I found a knife on the tiling.


                  CHARLES 
                  WITROE
               



            . I am a labourer. I saw the prisoner on the roof alone, called to him, and heard a noise like a lump of lead falling. I opened my window, and asked him what he was about? he dropped from the building, and Taylor secured him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
