





970. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     

                              James 
                              Henley
                           



                        , Sen.



                   about one o'clock in the afternoon of the 6th of July
 (no person being therein) and stealing therein, one sheet, value 2 s.; one handkerchief, value 6 d.; one time-piece, value 4 s., and one looking glass, value 8 s., the goods of 
                     

                              James 
                              Henley
                           



                        , Jun



.


                  JAMES 
                  HENLEY
               



            , Jun. I live with my father at Camden Town


. On the 6th of July, I went out about eight o'clock in the morning, and left nobody in the house. I returned about four o'clock, and found the key behind the door, where I generally put it - it was a coach-house, and our rooms are over it; the stair-case leads from the stables up to the rooms. I had locked the stable door, the goods were up in the rooms. I had left the room door unlocked, and not shut, I believe - the stable and coach-house door were locked. I lost the articles stated in the indictment; we found the prisoner next day at the White Hart, public-house, Battle-bridge, fast asleep; Davis took him to the watch-house; he lived with us four months before this, and up to the time, he used to take care of the place; he gave the duplicates to Davis, and said he sold the looking glass to a broker, at the bottom of Old-street, by the turnpike.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I apprehended him. He gave me the duplicates of the sheet and neck-handkerchief. I then asked what he had done with the rest of the things, he said he sold the glass to French - it was not found. I found the things at the pawnbroker's, he said he pawned them. Henley said,
"How could you be such a villain as to rob us, who have been so kind to you;" he cried and gave up the duplicates.


                  JAMES 
                  HENLEY
               



            , Jun. I said nothing to induce him to confess; the glass was old fashioned, and had a mahogany frame.


                  SARAH 
                  FRENCH
               



            . I live in Old-street-road, by the turnpike. I bought a looking-glass of the prisoner, it was an old fashioned one, in a mahogany frame. I gave him 4 s. for it, on the 6th of July; he said he had a lark at Easter, and had an execution in his house for 3 l., and must sell his goods before four o'clock.
Prisoner's Defence. Henley does not belong to all the property it is his fathers; they made me promises to confess.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
Of stealing, but not in a dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Burrough.
