





73. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BROOKS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, a trunk, value 10 s., two leather straps, value 1 s., and five gowns, value 5 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Emma 
                  Wilbraham
               




            , spinster
.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOYDE
               



            . I live in Lower Brook-street, with Miss Emma Wilbraham. On Saturday last, the 27th of November, her trunk was taken from behind her carriage. I was on the box - it had been strapped on, with a chain and belt. The carriage was coming into town from Cheshire - we had changed horses at Barnet - the trunk was safe before we got to Whetstone - we missed it when we got to Colson's hotel. The chain has not been found, but the straps are found, and they are cut - I did not see the prisoner at all. There are five gowns in it.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a servant to Lady Guildford. I was sitting on the box of her carriage on Saturday night last, about half-past five o'clock, in Princes-street, Hanover-square


 - I saw this carriage go by, and two persons following it in the road. I could not distinguish them at that time. I saw them take a trunk from behind the carriage when they were about five yards from me - they drew it over to Brunswick hotel, and one of them knocked or rang at the door - they then assisted each other in putting it on the prisoner's shoulder, who was one of the two persons who took it from the carriage. I jumped from my box, and followed them. I never lost sight of them - they went together into Hanover-square - I then stopped the prisoner with it on his shoulder - he threw it down, and pointed to his companion, who had ran away. I took him back to the Brunswick Hotel - he was not known there - and was taken into custody. I left the trunk at the hotel - it had a brass plate, with the name of Miss Wilbraham upon it - he said the man who ran away asked him to carry it - I said I should not let him go after him. I gave information to a relation of Miss Wilbraham's, in Stratton-street. The prisoner then said it was no interest to me, and I might as well let him go.
Prisoner. He said, at Marlborough-street, that there was only one person at the carriage. - Witness. No; I said as I have now.


                  JOHN 
                  TOLLER
               



            . I am a chemist and druggist, and live in Conduit-street. On Saturday evening, between five and six o'clock, I was in Princes-street, Hanover-square, and saw the two persons carrying a trunk between them to the rails of Brunswick Hotel - they then lifted it on the prisoner's shoulder - I followed them to Hanover-square, and saw Williams secure the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  SHORTER
               



            . I am a patrol. I was out, and heard of the circumstance, I took the prisoner to the watch-house - the trunk was left at the hotel. We afterwards went back to look for the straps, and found them; and found two keys and a knife on him.


                  JOHN 
                  COLE
               



            . I am a constable. I was at the watch-house when the prisoner was brought in, and saw him searched.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
