





285. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ADNUM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December
, one watch, value 30 s.; one chain, value 1 s.; one seal, value 10 s., and one key, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Pardoe
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARDOE
               



            . On the 14th of December, I was at the corner of Pitt's-place, Drury-lane


, about eleven o'clock at night; the prisoner came across to me from the court, snatched my watch and ran down the court again. The watchman laid hold of him, and he threw it in the area - he is the man. I did not lose sight of him.


                  PATRICK 
                  CARMODY
               



            . I am watchman of Great Wild-street. I heard the cry of Stop thief! looked up Pitt's-place, and saw the prisoner running as fast as he could. When he got to the bottom I collared him, and asked him what was the matter? He replied,
"Nothing - there is a row in Drury-lane, and I want to get out of it." I took him up the court about twenty yards, when he upset me, knocked me down, and my lanthorn broke. I pulled him down with me, and still held him. When I got up I heard something jingle under my feet. The prosecutor immediately came up, and said he had been robbed of his watch by the prisoner; I picked the watch up in the area where we fell. I was taking him to the watch-house, and when we got to Wild-street he said,
"Let the old fool go to hell, he has got his watch. I will give you something handsome to let me go, as it will be a serious job to me - I want to fly and be off." He put 6 s. 6 d. into my hand, but I kept hold of him and the money, and took him to the watch-house.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He searched me before the watch was thrown down, and found nothing on me - he took 6 s. 6 d. from me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
