





First Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Baron Hullock.
1. 
               
                  ARMSTRONG 
                  McCAUSLAND
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, 4 coats, value 4l.; 4 pairs of trousers, value 50s.; 9 waistcoats, value 2l.; 18 shirts, value 1l.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 1l.; 1 tablecloth, value 2s.; 8 spoons, value 4l.; 2 forks, value 1l.; 1 muffineer, value 5s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 5s.; 2 wine-lables, value 10s.; 2 sovereigns; two 50l., and two 10l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Lawrence
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
MR. JOHN LAWRENCE. I am an attorney
, and have chambers at No. 52, Lincoln's Inn-fields


. On Sunday, the 9th of November, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I left them locked up safe, and returned about a quarter-past nine in the evening; I found the outer-door open - the drawer of my scrutoire, and all the drawers of my wardrobe were open; my cupboard-door was open: I missed nearly the whole of my wardrobe, four tablespoons, four or five dessert-spoons, some silver forks, a pair of sugar-tongs, a muffineer, a great coat, three body coats, three or four pairs of trousers, several waistcoats, a table-cloth, and some silk handkerchiefs; I have since seen part of the property at Bow-street - the prisoner was servant to Mr. Gough, who lives in the same house; I sleep at my chambers: the whole house is let out in different chambers - the owner does not live in the house.


                  DIANA 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Martin
               



            , and am housekeeper at No. 52, Lincoln's Inn-fields. On Sunday, the 9th of November, about eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came down to my room with a candle, and asked me to lend him my bunch of keys, in order to look for his own, which he had left in his master's chambers; my bunch had keys on it which opened all the doors of the chambers which I attend; I lent them him without any suspicion - he returned them to me in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour; some time after this my servant gave an alarm, and when my husband came in we all went up to look at the different chambers- we went into Mr. Lawrence's chambers first, and found the door open; no violence had been used to it; all his drawers were open, as he has stated.


                  DAVIS 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a salesman, and live in Field-lane. On Sunday night, the 9th of November, about a quarter to ten o'clock, I was out, and was sent for; when I came in two persons were standing at the door - I found the prisoner inside; he had some gentleman's clothes in a portmanteau - I said it was rather an awkward night to bring clothes, and I should not buy them; I said, "How came you to bring clothes on Sunday night?" he said his master was going away early in the morning; he said he, or his master, was going to leave town that night or early in the morning: I left him in the shop, and went out to look for an officer; I returned in ten minutes, when he and the two persons were gone; the clothes were left behind - I took them to Hatton-garden next morning, and gave information; I was desired to go to Bow-street, and took the clothes there between eleven and twelve o'clock, and found the prisoner in custody; I had left the clothes at Hatton-garden for three hours, with Limbrick; I have no doubt that I took the same to Bow-street - they were shewn to Mr. Lawrence there; I had never seen the prisoner before the Sunday - he was dressed in livery that night; I have no doubt he is the man.
COURT. What opportunities had you of conversing with him? A. I might have been in the shop five minutes: I had a candle - I saw they were new clothes, and directly said, "I don't buy anything on Sunday night;" I was not at home when they first came - I found the clothes lying on a chair, not in a bundle; I went for an officer in about five minutes, and when I returned they were gone - I did not see him again till next day at Bow-street; the clothes were three coats, two pairs of trousers, two handkerchiefs, and a table-cloth - they were not in the portmanteau; I put them into it, and gave them to Limbrick at ten o'clock, and left them at the office till one, when I think he gave them to me. I think the prisoner is the man; I do not think I have the least doubt of him.


                  RICHARD 
                  GOUGH
               



            , ESQ. I am a barrister. On the 9th of November the prisoner was in my service. In consequence of something which happened to my chambers, I went to Bow-street on Monday morning, and saw a portmanteau, which is mine.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FAGAN
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. OnMonday, the 10th of November, at four o'clock in the morning, I apprehended the prisoner, in bed at his lodging, in Houghton-street, Clare-market; he was afterwards taken to Bow-street - Mr. Lawrence saw some clothes there, which I now produce, and Mr. Gough saw the portmanteau; they claimed them in the prisoner's presence - I have had them ever since; they were produced by Davis: the prisoner denied the robbery.


                  DAVIS 
                  DAVIS
               



            . These are the articles the prisoner offered for sale, and the same I delivered to Limbrick; they are of a peculiar make - I have no doubt of their being the same; I cannot speak to the portmanteau.
MR. LAWRENCE. I have no doubt of these clothes being mine; they have been worn - I should be sorry to say they were worth more than 3l. or 4l.: I cannot say that I saw them before I went out that morning, but I have no doubt they were there.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You went out early - it is possible they might have been taken at different times that day? A. It is.
The prisoner received a good character.
GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . - Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
