





2041. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  JOLL
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
Mr. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  COOK
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  James
                  
                  Cook
               



             and 
               
                  James 
                  Gladstone
               



             - we are Manchester warehousemen


, and live in Cheapside. The prisoner was our principal clerk
, and had the entire charge of the cash - it is part of his duty to receive money on our account - he had been with us eight years, and was in our confidence; he left on the 19th of January, this year; I had desired a clerk to go and examined an account at Camberwell - the prisoner knew of that, and next morning absconded, leaving most of his things behind him; I have a shop distinct from the partnership concern, in Great Warner-street, Clerkenwell; the prisoner kept a daily cash-book (which I produce,) in which he should enter cash as he received it- here is an account we call the Warner-street account, to which he should have given credit for any money received from that shop; if he received a cheque, he should write our banker's name across it, and pay it in; if he received a cheque of 22l. 11s., he should enter it as a cheque on the credit side of this account; there is no such entry here; I have looked it over, and so has the clerk - from that time to the present there is no credit given for it; he balanced the daily cash-book every night - if credit had been given, it would have altered the balance.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You had access to this book at the warehouse as well as at Warner-street? A. Yes - and to all the books, and, if I had suspected him, I might soon have discovered this; our accounts are sometimes 4000l. or 5000l. a day - it is not very possible that a small sum should be omitted - the prisoner was seldom sent out to collect - he generally went out on Mondays.
Q. Has not this cheque been brought to account at some subsequent time? A. No - I swear that; he received this cheque eleven months ago.
Q. And did not he carry a larger sum to your account that day? A. Yes - 30l., but not as an equivalent to this - we generally settled accounts with him daily; the accounts of this day and the next, are signed by me; my younger brother had paid this cheque at Warner-street.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. From and examination of the books can you swear this cheque has never been brought to your account? A. I can.
COURT. Q. Supposing he kept the cheque instead of sending it to the bankers', where would he keep it? A. In his cash-drawer in his desk; but it had no business to be kept, it should go to the bankers'.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HAWES
               



            . In January, 1825, my name was Cooke - I was then at the Warner-street shop; I received a cheque of 22l. 11s. from my brother George, who was then at that shop, and gave it to the prisoner - I told him there was a cheque from Warner-street; this was on Monday, the 24th of January, 1825.
COURT. Q. How are you enabled to say it was the 24th of January? A. I made a memorandum in a small book, which I have here - (reads) - "24th of January, 1825, a cheque for 22l. 1ls. - E. Cooke;" which means, that I received it that day, and I always paid it the same day.
Cross-examined. Q. Some of these items are signed by John, and some by you; does that prove who received the money? A. This book was generally sent with the money.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. Will you swear you did not keep this cheque a week? A. Yes; the entry is signed E. Cooke - many are signed G. Joll; that was when the book was sent with the cash to Cheapside - I signed this entry, because I did not take the book - I always paid the money to the prisoner - some entries are signed by Floyd, but I never gave him money.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  COOKE
               



            . This book is generally kept at Warner-street, to be sent with the money to Cheapside, to be signed - the items signed Floyd, intimate that the money was received by him to give to Joll - my sister's signature indicates that she paid it to Joll - there is an entry of money being received by Joll that morning, but not this sum - the signature only indicates that the person received it - and it is Joll's business to account for it in the cash-book.


                  JOHN 
                  CHARLES GRAY
               



            . I am clerk to Sir 
               
                  James 
                  Esdaile
               



            . I paid this cheque for 22l. 11s., and 15l. in country notes, on the 24th of December, 1825 - it is dated the 22d of January, 1825 - I paid for them a 30l. note, No. 14,731, dated the 7th of November, and 5l., and the rest in cash.


                  JAMES 
                  TEWSLEY
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Jones, Lloyd, and Co. On the 24th of December, 1825, 621l. 2s. was paid in on account of Messrs. Cooke and Gladstone, I do not know who by - but among it was a 30l. note, No. 14,731, dated the 7th of November.
MR. COOKE. The prisoner generally took the cash to the bankers, but not always - In the general cash-book, there is an interlineation of this amount - I first saw that the day the prisoner was apprehended.
JURY. Q. Did he on the 24th of December, pay more into the bankers' than the account amounted to? A. Yes; more than that particular day, but not more than the whole account.
Prisoner's Defence. When I was placed in the counting-house. I found the books much confused - there was no making out the accounts - I told Mr. Cooke it was necessary to have more clerks; he said, I must get through them as well as I could; I have stated to him the possibility of errors - he said, the customers, would point them out; our accounts were about 400,000l. a year - I was alone, except a boy to examine invoices; we at times found money due to persons; and Mr. Cook has directed me to make the account balanced, as it was more likely they were correct than us - as to this cheque, it appears to have been mislaid, and when found, was applied to their own account.
MR. COOKE. I do not recollect his ever stating this to me - I never said the customers would point out the errors.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GLAISTER
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's employ. I have heard the prisoner complain of the difficulty of carrying on the business, but not in Mr. Cooke's presence - he said to me, that the books were behind-hand; there are three clerks - I know the books were in a confused state when one clerk left - three of us now keep the books - I first went there in 1824.
MR. COOKE. When the prisoner first came, we had two clerks, and afterwards another, as our business much increased, and his salary also - he at first had 40l. a-year. and at last 130l. - I knew he was at his father's in the country in February, and when we wanted him we found him.
Four Witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
