





1725. 
               
                  
                     CAROLINE 
                     KNIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, 1 purse, value 2d.; 2 sovereigns, 2 crowns, 7 half-crowns, 14 shillings, and 6 sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Morgan
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MORGAN
               



            . On the 17th of July, about ten o'clock at night, I met the prisoner in Mile-end-road - we went to a public-house and had something to drink; I was going towards home - she still walked with me down Mutton-lane and down another lane; I had a purse containing 4l. 4s. 6d. - I took sixpence out to pay for the drink, and then returned the purse into my right-hand breeches pocket; we then went on to Assembly-passage or place


, and withintwenty yards of the top she made a sudden stop, and drew the purse from my pocket; I did stop, but nothing was done to my dress by myself or her; when I missed my purse I taxed her with it; she said she had not got it - I said I would walk up the place to see if I had dropped it; a watchman was crying half-past eleven or twelve; we then searched again for it, and in going down she turned to the right, and I caught her in the act of throwing it away - I saw that she took it from her bosom.


                  HENRY 
                  HOSEMAN
               



            . I was on duty and was called - I saw the prisoner throw this purse away, and the prosecutor caught her; he said before, that he had lost a purse of money - the prisoner said she wished she was dead, and had never been alive.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me throw it away? A. Yes.
The prisoner delivered in a written Defence, representing that the prosecutor had given her the purse and money, but as she afterwards refused to comply with a very unnatural proposal, he charged her with a robbery, and ill-treated her.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
