





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
323. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  CORCORAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of December
, 70lbs. of lead, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Moore
               




            .
EDWARD MOORE. On the 22d of December some lead was ripped from an uninhabited house of mine, in President-street east, Goswell-road


 - I had seen it safe the day before, and in the evening Lock, the officer, shewed me some, which I saw matched with what remains in the gutter; I can swear to it. The prisoner had not worked for me.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WATKINS
               



            . I am a plasterer. I have two houses adjoining to Moore's. I went on the evening of the 22d of December, about half-past five o'clock, to seewhat my carpenters were doing; I heard some person on the top of the next house; I gave an alarm; some men got up, and on the third house of Mr. Moore's they found a person, who got through the roof of a house, and got down.


                  JOHN 
                  NICHOLSON
               



            . I am a carpenter. I was working at Watkins' house - I went to the roof, and saw the prisoner standing in the gutter of the third house - I said "You thieving rascal - what do you want there;" he started off, and went across three houses, and I after him - he slipped through a roof, and got down into a house; I called out,"He is in the house" - he then jumped out of a window, and was taken, I believe, but I did not see him. I went back, and found this lead rolled up in the gutter, where I had first seen him; he had a hat on when I saw him, but I can swear it was the prisoner - he left his hat in the sepair of stairs room.


                  THOMAS 
                  WAKELIN
               



            . I am a cheesemonger and grocer. I was coming up President-street about six o'clock, and heard Mr. Watkins say there was a thief in the house - a gentleman lent me a light - I looked about, but did not see any one; I then went into another house, and heard a noise in the chimney; I went there, saw some feet hanging down, and pulled the prisoner down; I called in a gentleman, who assisted in taking him to the watch-house - he was without a hat, and said, "Give me my hat."


                  ROBERT 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I was going down the street, and saw the prisoner taken from the chimney - he asked for his hat, and said he had done nothing.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am the watch-house-keeper. The prisoner was brought in, without a hat; I sent back, and received the lead from the carpenter. The next morning I received the prisoner's hat, which he disowned.


                  ROBERT 
                  LOCK
               



            . I am an officer. I produce 70lbs. of lead, which I saw compared with the lead in the gutter - it matched exactly,(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to Islington, and was taken short, and went into the house - I lost my hat in the street, and they would not let me pick it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
