






2138. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  SMITH
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SIMPSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of September
, 3 pigs, price 6l.
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Francis
               




            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREENWOOD
               



            . I am a night inspector. On the 16th of September, at ten minutes past five o'clock in the morning, I saw the two prisoners in Bethnal-green, going towards Dog-row, about half a mile from the prosecutor's; they were driving a sow and two pigs - each of them driving; one had a stick, the other a piece of iron; I watched them for a quarter of a mile, and in Three Coltlane I went up and collared Smith - I said "Where are you going to take the pigs to, and where have you got them from?" he told me he was going to take them to Spitalfields, but he did not know where there, nor the man's name he got them from; the other prisoner heard all this; Smith said the man was to give him half a crown, but he had not given it to him; I took Smith to the watch-house, and in his right-hand pocket I found this piece of a poker; I left the pigs safe, and found the owner; Simpson did not say any thing.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LINGEY
               



            . I am a watchman. I saw the prisoners driving the pigs, and I watched them; I saw them taken, and heard the conversation which has been stated; I had seen them first, and I asked Simpson the price of them: he said they were not for sale; I followed them till I met Greenwood, and got him to assist me; I took Simpson - he said he would not be collared, and would not go with me; I said he must; he tried to resist - I saw him throw away something that looked to me like a piece of iron.
Prisoner SMITH. It was I he asked if they were for sale, and now he says it was Simpson. Witness. Yes, it was him; I mistook the name - I thought he was Simpson.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLLETT
               



            . I am a watchman. What they have stated is correct.


                  THOMAS 
                  COOPER
               



            . I keep the Green-yard. I received the sow and two pigs; I shewed the same to Mr. Francis.
WILLIAM FRANCIS. I keep pigs at Norfolk-place, Mile-end, Old-town


. I saw my sow and two pigs in the Green-yard - they had been secure in the sty on the night of the 15th; I fastened them in, about seven o'clock in the evening; I got up at half-past five the next morning; the stable-door which I had locked was wide open, the sty open, and the pigs gone.
SIMPSON's Defence. I had been out of work three weeks, and was destitute of a lodging; I went to sleep in the fields, and when I came in sight of this man he was talking to a man dressed like a butcher; I asked the way to the West-end of the town, and he said he was going to Spitalfields church, and would give me sixpence and a breakfast to help him drive the pigs; it was a stick which I threw away.
SMITH's Defence. I said I did not know the man's name, but I would take him to the place where I should meet the man.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
SIMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
