





265. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FURZMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of December
, one handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George Douglas 
                           Woodfall
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  DOUGLAS WOODFALL
               



            . I live in Dean's-yard, and am clerk
 to Mr. Swain. On the 6th of December, about four o'clock, in the afternoon, I was in Fleet-street


, and felt my handkerchief go out of my pocket, turned round, and saw the prisoner about twenty-four yards from me - two others ran down the Temple, but I secured the prisoner; the handkerchief has never been found. He said he had not taken it; he was nearer to me than the other boys. Nothing was found on him.


                  HENRY 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I live in Haughton-street, Clare-market with Mr, Chivers, and am thirteen years of age. I was about four yards from the prosecutor; the prisoner was first, and two others behind him. The prisoner put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, pulled the handkerchief out, and put it behind him. One of the boys took it from him, and ran by the pastry-cook's, then whistled and the other followed him down the Temple; the prosecutor caught hold of the prisoner. The people interupted me, and said I had better not say I saw it, as he would be put in prison, and so I did not like to tell at first. He was searched in a public-house, and the beadle was going to let him go, but I told what I had seen, as I thought it bad for him to be guilty of such a thing. I am sure I saw it.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a constable. I saw the prosecutor secure the prisoner, took him in charge, and searched him in the Rainbow, public-house. The last witness stopped me, and told me all about it.
Prisoner Defence. The gentleman said he had lost his handkerchief, and I was the person who had taken it. I said I was not. I was taken to the Rainbow public-house, and in about a quarter of an hour, a woman pushed the boy in, who said he could tell about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
