






1374. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  MAULDEN
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HAWKINS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of August
, a handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of a 
                     certain person whose name is unknown, from his person


.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY JACKSON
               



            . I am beadle of St. Faith. On the 30th of August, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Fleet-street


, and saw the two prisoners, in company with another person, coming towards Ludgate-hill; I knew them before: they were following a gentleman who was coming towards me - I turned, and watched them, remaining on the same side of the way as them; they left the gentleman, and all three followed another, who had a lady with him, and just as he got to the hoard by St. Bride's church, I saw Hawkins draw a handkerchief from the gentleman's pocket, and give it to Maulden - the third person was close behind him. I collared Maulden, and caught the handkerchief in the act of falling from his person. I called to the gentleman, who turned round; I shewed him the handkerchief, and told him to secure Hawkins, who had got before him, close by his side; he laid hold of him, brought him to me, and wished me to return the handkerchief, and let them go; I desired him in the King's name to assist me with them to the Compter, but he did not, and has not attended. I do not know his name or residence.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NESBIT PALMER
               



            . I am a midshipman in His Majesty's service, but at present am clerk to a gentleman in the City. I was in Fleet-street, and saw Hawkins draw a handkerchief from a gentleman's pocket, roll it up, and throw it to another. I do not know the gentleman's name or residence. I afterwards saw Jackson scuffling with Maulden, to get him secured, and saw the handkerchief drop from him. Hawkins escaped, and ran up Shoe-lane, but was taken shortly after. I saw him in custody next day, and am certain of his person.


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            . I am an officer. On the 30th of August Jackson described a man to me. I went to several houses that night, and found Hawkins at the Coopers' Arms, public-house, West-street, Smithfield, about eleven o'clock at night - it is a very bad house. He denied the charge, but said he was in Fleet-street.
MAULDEN'S Defence. I was in Fleet-street between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, and kicked against this handkerchief - I picked it up, and put it inside my jacket - Jackson laid hold of me; I opened my jacket to give it to him, and it fell down. I never saw the other prisoner before.
HAWKINS' Defence (written.) I was passing through Fleet-street between five and six o'clock, on my way to Covent Garden, with my donkey, and heard a cry of Stop thief! turned round, and Jackson accosted me, and said I was his prisoner - that he saw me pick a gentleman's pocket; I said he must be mistaken - the gentleman said he had lost nothing, and advised him to let us go; the persons assembled at last rescued me, and being convinced of my innocence I never avoided apprehension. It must be perfectly obvious to you that I am labouring under a deformity, and have lost the use of my limbs.
MAULDEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
HAWKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
