





Before Mr. Baron Garrow.
2033. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  CHURCH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of October
, 6 gold rings, value 4l. 12s.; 1 gold seal, value 30s.; 2 silver medals, value 10s.; 1 pair of shoe-buckles, value 3s.; 7 cornelian buttons, with silver shanks, value 14s.; 1 pair of ear-rings, value 15s.; 1 waist-buckle, set with amethyst, value 5s., and 1 gold ring, set with a garnet, value 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Watkins
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
WILLIAM WATKINS. I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Stock
               



            , a newsvender, of Racquet-court, Fleet-street


: he does not live in the house - he keeps the house, but does not sleep there; I reside there as his servant
; the roof of the house was being repaired on the 9th of October - the prisoner was at work there; these articles were safe on Sunday, the 5th of October, in a small box, which was in a trunk in my bed-room; I missed them on the 19th - the prisoner only worked there on the 9th.


                  ROBERT 
                  PICKERILL
               



            . The prisoner was my apprentice. I was employed to repair this house - he worked there; I saw some of the articles in the possession of Sarah Smith's mother; the officer searched the room the prisoner slept in, and found some property in the trousers which he wore on Sundays.


                  SARAH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am servant to a person at Bagnigge-wells. I have known the prisoner some time - we were not very intimate; he gave me a pair of drops and a ring last Sunday fortnight - I took them to my mother.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  SMITH
               



            . My daughter brought a box to me with jewellery in it; I put it into a drawer, and afterwards delivered to Elms the same articles as my daughter gave to me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELMS
               



            . I have the articles. I apprehended the prisoner at the prosecutor's house last Monday week; I went to his master, who took me to his bed-room, and in his trousers pocket, in his box, we found seven cornelian buttons; I found concealed in the room, on a rafter near the ceiling, three seals - it was a top room; I did not either threaten or promise him any thing; I was going to the Compter with him, and said, "You showed a button to Mr. Pickerill's servant; when I have taken you to the Compter, I shall go and see whether you had it from your cousin, as you have said;" he said, "It is of no use going to my cousin, for I took it out of the box."
WILLIAM WATKINS. Here are five gold rings, a gold seal, some silver medals, a shoe-buckle, ear-ring, waist-buckle, a set of amethyst and gold rings, set with garnets; they are all articles of fashion.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was the box locked? A. No; he was obliged to go through the room at different times to get on the roof.
GUILTY. Aged 16. 


               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
