





1313. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CARELESS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 25th of June
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Guinle
                        




                     
                  , a reticule, value 10 s., three sovereigns, one 20 l., and one 5 l. Bank note
            , her property.


                  ELIZA 
                  GUINLE
               



            . I live in Hoxton and am single
. On the 25th of June, I was in the New North-road


, between twelve and one o'clock, and had my reticule snatched from me - I was shifting it from one hand to the other. I had noticed the prisoner and another boy near me - the prisoner came beside me, pushed against me, and snatched it from me; I am certain of his person, and should know the other if I saw him. It contained a 20 l. and a 5 l. bank note; three sovereigns, and some silver; the one who was with the prisoner ran across the road, and the prisoner followed him - I ran after them, and never lost sight of them till he was stopped. I am certain of his person, and declare upon my oath that he is the person who took it from me - he escaped at the time, and I did not see him again for three weeks or a month at Worship-street. I recovered the reticule, it was taken from his hand while he was in my sight, but he got away.


                  JOHN 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I live servant at Mr. Martin's at the Prince Regent public-house, near the New North-road - I was going round with my beer, and saw this lady running very hard after some person; I told her to mind my tray and I would follow the boys - I got before the prisoner, and saw the reticule in his hand - I took hold of him, and got it from under his coat; he then got away, and I did not see him again till he was taken, in August.


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner a few weeks back in the City-road; I told him I took him for taking the lady's reticule - he made no answer. Greening, his companion, was also delivered to me, and I took him to Worship-street, but the Magistrate let him go on his father's recognizance till the Sessions.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Life
            .
