





1426. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  PICKERING
               




             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of June
, 1 sextant, value 6l.; 1 quadrant, value 3l., and 2 telescopes, value 4l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Fairey
               




            .
JOSEPH FAIREY. I am a mathematical instrument maker
, and live at No. 8, Commercial-road. On Thursday, the 19th of June, the prisoner called and said he wanted a quadrant, a telescope, and a sextant, for his brother, who was going to sea; I sent my lad with them to his house - he came back without them, and said he was to go in an hour; they were not to be disposed of without the money - they were merely for his brother to look at; they were not quite finished - I have found them since at four different pawnbrokers.


                  JOHN 
                  HEWITSON
               



            . I live with Mr. Fairey. I took these articles to No. 6, Grenada-terrace, Commercial-road; the prisoner carried one telescope, and I carried the rest of the articles - he took them at the house, and said his brother was not at home, but I was to call in an hour and a half; I went with my master - he was then gone.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FORSTER
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner at Tottenham, where he got two watches; in consequence of an advertisement I went down and took him.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Bishopsgate-street. I have a telescope pawned by the prisoner on the 19th of June.


                  THOMAS 
                  CASTLE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a quadrant pawned by the prisoner.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a telescope pawned by the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHARP
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a sextant pawned by the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years to commence from the expiration of his former sentence
            .
