






1449. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  COOK
               




             and 
               
                  MOSES 
                  MORE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of June
, 4 live tame fowls, price 4s.
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Davis
               




            .


                  ANDREW 
                  VALLANCE
               



            . I am a patrol. On Sunday, the 17th of June, about 4 o'clock in the morning, I was going off duty, and saw the two prisoners, with one Shirley, turn round a corner of Royal Hospital-row, Chelsea; Cook had three loaves; More had a bundle, and Shirley another parcel; I pursued - Cook threw down the loaves; More threw his bundle over into No. 1, Frankland's-row; I knew him before, and am certain of him; the bundle was like a large dish tied up - they separated. I pursued Shirley, and lost sight of the others; he threw his bundle over a high fence- that contained the four fowls; More's parcel was a leg and loin of lamb - the fowls were quite warm.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did not you lose sight of More? A. Yes, for nearly half an hour - I then took him; I might be fifty yards from him when he threw it away - one Allen pursued them; Cook ran past me; I took another turning, and More came up to me. Cook gave himself up to a watchman.
JOHN DAVIES. I live on Chelsea-common


. I missed four fowls at eight o'clock in the morning of the 17th of June - they were all safe the night before; the head of a bantam cock was left behind. I saw the fowls at the officer's house; the body of one matched the head - they appeared just killed.


                  LUKE 
                  NIXON
               



            . I was with Vallance - his statement is correct. I knew both the prisoners before.
COOK's Defence. I had no fowls about me. I was at the Cheshire Cheese public-house - this man came to me; we got intoxicated, and it being late we slept in the fields - we met Shirley in the morning, with a bundle, which he said was linen; as we went along he said, "There is the Bow-street officer - you had better run."
COOK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
MORE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
