





1357. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of June
, seven planes, value 10 s.; one square, value 10 d., and one hammer, value 3 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Johnson
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a carpenter
, and live in Howland-mews, Howland-street. I saw these tools safe some days previous. I found the hammer in the prisoner's room.


                  JOHN 
                  RASTALL
               



            . I am servant to Johnson. On the 18th of June, about six o'clock in the evening, when I left work, I saw the tools all safe in the shop; they were locked up in the shop. I went there about seven o'clock in the morning, found the padlock wrenched off, and these tools gone.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 21st of June, a square was pawned with me; on the 19th, a saw; and on the 22d, four planes. My man who took them in has left me.


                  JOHN 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 19th of June, the prisoner pawned two planes and a cloth for 3 s. I am sure he is the man.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . Wicks, who is in Ireland, took him in charge, and found the duplicates of the tools on him. The hammer was found in his room.


                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               



            . I am watch-house keeper. When he was brought in, Wicks produced the hammer.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. On the 29th of July, I was out of employ, and found a pocket-book in Regent's park, with a great number of duplicates in it. I worked for Johnson for a week afterward; he was at my lodgings on the Thursday following, but another person slept there, and I never saw the hammer.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
