





373. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WORLEY
               




             was indicted for a 


               misdemeanor
            .


                     WILLIAM 
                     CARRINGTON
                  




               
            . I am a cheesemonger
, and live in Fore-street, Cripplegate. On the 17th of November the prisoner came to my shop, and bought cheese, which he paid 18 s. 11 d. for - he was unknown to me till then. On the 19th he came again, and asked if I had got any old Cheshire cheese - I shewed him two; he selected one, which weighed 59 lbs. He then selected two new cheeses, weighing 51 lbs. I shewed him another, which weighed 10 lbs., which he also bought - he asked me to send them to the same place as I had the others, and he would return the money for them; they came to 4 l. 11 s. 6 d. I sent my man with them, and a bill, in about two hours, to No. 13, Fetter-lane, and told him to bring back the goods or the money; he was not to leave them without the money. The man returned with 11 s. in silver, and sixteen paper parcels, which I supposed to be 5 s. papers of copper, but they contained lead; eight having a penny piece at each end, and the other eight a halfpenny; I did not find it out till next day, and then went to Fetter-lane, but could hear nothing of him. I found him in Old Gravel-lane, Borough, a week afterwards.


                  EDWARD 
                  LIPPARD
               



            . I am the prosecutor's shopman. On the 19th of November I went to No. 13, Fetter-lane, with these cheeses, and was not to leave them without the money - it is a front room on the ground floor. I found the prisoner there, and took the goods in; I saw these parcels laying on the window, and said,
"I see you have got a load for me to take back, as well as to bring here" -
"Yes," said he
"4 l. worth of copper;" I expected that they were for me, seeing them lay there. I said my master did not like coppers - he said,
"You may have either silver or copper, which you please;" I said,
"I will thank you to let me have silver then." I waited some time, and he said all at once,
"You must take these coppers." I asked why he had not got his shelves and counters fixed: he said he could not get a carpenter. He gave these sixteen parcels into my hand, four at a time - he lifted them on my head. Nothing more passed. I took them home.
MR. CARRINGTON. I did not open the parcels, but paid eight of them away to Mr. Tully, of Leadenhall-market, next day; he sent them back that afternoon - I then opened the rest, and found they contained lead.


                  JAMES 
                  GREY
               



            . I am in Mr. Carrington's service, and went with Lippard - he said,
"You have got a load for me to take back;" the prisoner said,
"Yes, I have got 4 l. worth of copper:" he handed them into his hand, four at a time - Lippard put them into his flat; he had said he would rather take silver - the prisoner hesitated, and then said,
"Now, come, are you going to take these coppers." I swear that he said there was 4 l. worth of copper.


                  THOMAS 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I found the prisoner in Gravel-lane - the prosecutor was with me; he was in bed, and a quantity of cheese was in the room, which the prosecutor claimed, and under his bed was four paper parcels of the same description, with halfpence at the end.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
