





1118. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HART
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of May
, 1 1/2 oz. weight of silk twist, value 3s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Hall
               




            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            , JUN. I am the son of William Hall, a haberdasher and linen-draper
, of Marshall-street, Goldensquare


. On the 9th of May the prisoner came for a yard of silk-twist to match a piece of dark cloth he had in his hand; he took up one or two, and asked if that colour would do - I said, "No, we have not got it;" he then went out with one ball in his hand, and as my father was not in the shop I did not like to tell him of it; but when he was gone I told my mother - he had laid the piece of cloth over the drawer, while he took the twist with his left hand- I followed him out till he had got two or three doors off; I then told him to come back as he had got a ball of twist - he said he had not; I brought him back, and called my father - he told me to go to Mr. Avis, who came and took him.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you see him take the ball of twist? A. Yes, but I could not see the colour of it - it could not have been swept off the counter; he did not put his hand on the counter - it was about ten o'clock in the morning; he came very readily back - he emptied one of his pockets while I was gone; he put his left hand under the cloth and took it.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I am the officer. I was sent for, and took the prisoner; Catherine Hall delivered me a ball of twist, which she said she saw the prisoner take from his pocket - the prisoner said he would sooner pay for it than have any piece of work, or be exposed; I found 2s. 7 1/2 d. on the prisoner, also a latch-key, and a skeleton key.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not he say he was not guilty? A. Yes.


                  CATHERINE 
                  MARY HALL
               



            . I was at home when the prisoner was brought back - I saw him throw the ball of twist out of his left trousers pocket, behind a box near the shop door; I saw, I think, half a crown, and he said he would rather pay than be grought to disgrace.
Cross-examined. Q. This is rather a lively sort of colour, is it not? A. Yes; a person could not see the colour if a cloth were laid over it - I was not in the shop when he first came in; I saw him come in and throw it down - he turned out his right hand pocket, and this was in his left; I was near the door.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
