





1807. 
               
                  MARY 
                  HODGE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of July
, 7 gowns, value 30s.; 3 frocks, value 9s.; 5 caps, value 5s.; 1 shirt, value 3s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s.; 3 pinafores, value 2s.; 4 aprons, value 3s., and 2 shifts, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Hughes
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am the wife of Patrick Hughes; we live in Union-place, Chelsea


. On the 15th of July these articles were in our back parlour and front kitchen. I went out that evening at eight o'clock; I returned at twelve, and the watchman gave me information. I knew the prisoner, but had not seen her for four years.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  MARY 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's daughter. The prisoner came to our house that evening, and sent me out three times for a young woman whom she knew. I did not go far the first time, but came back and said I did not see her. I went as far as the Star and Garter public-house the second time; and the third time, as I returned, I met the prisoner with a bundle in my mother's red handkerchief - this was a little after eight o'clock; she asked if I had seen the woman - I said Yes. I went home and missed the things, which were safe when I went out.


                  JOHN 
                  CANNEY
               



            . On the 15th of July, I was in the back room of this house where I lodge; the prisoner came in and told a young man and I, who were writing a letter, to come into the front room, as we should be quiet - we did so, and in a few minutes we came into the front room. I saw her tying up a bundle - I knew nothing of her before; she brought the bundle, and put something on my box. I went up stairs, and as I came down, saw her going out - I followed and enquired for her.


                  JANE 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a publican. On the evening of Sunday, the 15th of July, the prisoner came and asked me to let her leave this bundle in my bar, which I did. I gave it to Allen.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner. I received the bundle.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I never saw the bundle.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
