





840. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ENNIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Press
                        




                     
                  , on the 15th of May
, (no person being therein) and stealing two shawls, value 5 s.; one looking-glass, value 2 s., and one pepper-box, value 2 d.
            , her property.


                  MARIA 
                  PRESS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Press
               



            , of Backchurch-lane, St. George's


; the house is let out in tenements, the landlord does not live there. On the 25th of May I went out between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, leaving nobody in the room. I am not certain that I locked the door, but am sure I latched it. I returned between three and four o'clock. My husband had gone out in the morning and returned about eight o'clock at night. I missed my whittle from behind the door, and a shawl which I had had twelve months; a looking glass was taken off the table, and a pepper box; I think they were worth 6 s. I found the door latched. The other lodgers sometimes go into my room; the prisoner is quite a stranger. Next morning she was in custody at the office. I have found my whittle, but nothing else.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BELCHER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Price, a pawnbroker of Whitechapel. I took a whittle in pawn on the 15th of May, of the prisoner, in the name of Sarah Lane.

JAMES GIBBS. I am a constable. The prisoner was taken on another charge. I found no duplicates on her.
(Property produced and sworn to).
Prisoner's Defence. I bought the shawl a long time ago - it is not my own but was given me to pawn.
GUILTY. Aged 33.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 4 s. 10 d. only
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
