





927. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HAYNES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of June
, seven planes, value 1 l. 13 s.; three drawer-borers, value 5 s., and six chisels, value 2 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  JONES
               



            . I work for Mr. Stone, of Kirby-street, Hatton-garden. I lost these tools from a shop in Vine-yard, Aldersgate-street


, on the 14th of June. I left them them there on the Saturday, at six o'clock in the evening, safe in my chest. About five o'clock in the morning I found the chest broken open. I found them in possession of Warner. The shop was broken open.


                  JOHN 
                  WARNER
               



            . I am a hostler, and live in Clark-street, Clerkenwell. I went up Vine-yard, where my master's horses are kept, at half-past five o'clock in the morning, and saw the prisoner buried under the dung - he got up. I found a handkerchief of carpenter's tools in the heap; he said he knew nothing of them, but he came there to sleep. Jones claimed them.



                  JOHN 
                  KIRBY
               



            . I am a constable. I received him in charge. On Thursday the 14th of June, about half past one o'clock in the morning, when I was going my rounds, I saw a man under a gateway in Vine-yard, with a bundle - I asked what he had there - he dropped it, then turned round and knocked me down, and ran away. I cannot say who it was; I took the bundle in my hand, and at that moment another man ran across the yard, and we could find him no where. The bundle contained carpenters' tools.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I am a constable, and took the prisoner in charge.
Prisoner's Defence. The robbery was committed at half-past one. I had been to Stepney fair with my master, and got home about eleven o'clock; I never went out again until three o'clock in the morning, and was going home to my lodging. I went up the yard for a necessary purpose, and fell asleep.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
