







1209. 
               
                  
                     ANDREW 
                     MANN
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LEMON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     CAREY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, 300 lbs. of lead, value 26 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Hinton 
                           Tritton
                        



                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Baxter
                  



               
            , and fixed to a building of his.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATKINSON
               



            . I am a carpenter. I had the care of Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Hinton Tritton
               



            's house, No. 46, Mortimer-street, Marylebone


. On the 24th of August, at seven o'clock in the evening, I saw the lead safe. About seven o'clock next morning I found it had been stripped off three dormers and part of the ridge. About three hundred weight had been stolen. Carey worked on the next premises shortly before. Mr. Tritton lived in the house at the time.


                  JOHN 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Marylebone. On the 25th of August I was calling one o'clock, andheard a rattle spring - somebody said some men were on the roof of No. 46, stealing lead. I ran down to No. 49, the people opened the door; I went upon the roof, and found Mann there. He said two men had been taking lead, but it was not him, for he came there to sleep.
Cross-examined by MR. HONE. Q. No. 47 is a ruinous house - A. The house next door to the prosecutor's is coming down - the door of it was shut.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOX
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard an alarm that thieves were at No. 46; I called two watchmen, and placed them at the back of the premises; the servants said some men were on the roof. I went into No. 45, and found Lemon on his hands and knees behind the door - he said he came there for lead to support his family. I gave him to a watchman while I searched the house, and found Carey in the chimney. I found the lead laying in the same room - it was fresh cut, and some torn off.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoners were brought to the watch-house. The lead weighed 312 lbs. I compared it with the building, and it fitted exactly.
THOMAS READ. I am servant to Mr. Tritton. I went on the roof, and missed the lead. It appeared just taken. I found Mann and Cary in the next house.
LEMON'S Defence. I went there for shelter.
CAREY'S Defence. It rained, and I went for shelter.
MANN'S Defence. Being in debt I slept in old houses, and went to this house.
MANN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
LEMON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
CAREY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
