






SEVENTH DAY. WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 26.
Middlesex Cases, First Jury, Before Mr. Recorder.
456. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     KINDER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 18th of January

, being servant to 
                     
                        
                           Paul 
                           Storr
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Mortimer
                        



                     
                  , did steal a silver spoon, value 10 s., and a knife, value 10 s.
            , their property; and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     CHERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that she, well knowing him to have committed the said felony, did feloniously receive, harbour, and maintain him
            .
SECOND COUNT, charging her with feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen.
THIRD COUNT, charging the said 
               
                  Henry 
                  Kinder
               



             with embezzling four mustard ladles, value 10 s.; two pepper ladles, value 5 s., and two sugar ladles, value 5 s., their property; and 
               
                  SARAH 
                  CHERRY
               



             was indicted with harbouring and maintaining him, knowing him to have committed the said felony.
ANOTHER COUNT, charging her with receiving the said last mentioned goods, knowing them to have been stolen.
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.
The Court ruled that the learned counsel must elect upon which Counts he would proceed; the indictment containing two separate charges. Mr. Alley elected to proceed upon the two first Counts.


                  THOMAS 
                  CONNELLY
               



            . I am shopman to Messrs. 
               
                  Paul 
                  Storr
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Mortimer
               



            , who are silversmiths and jewellers

, and live in New Bond-street - the prisoner was their porter
. We do business with Messrs. Eley and Co., working silversmiths, of Paternoster-row. On Wednesday, the 15th of January, we sent the prisoner there with some plate, which he delivered safe; he was to have brought a table spoon and knife back from them, among other things - he did not return. I saw him in custody on the following Monday with them.
Cross-examined by MR. PLATT. Q. I believe you had a very high opinion of him - A. Yes, very. The spoon was worth 12 s. or 14 s., and the knife 18 s.


                  JOHN 
                  SNOWSELL
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. On Sunday, the 19th of January, about ten o'clock at night, in consequence of information, I went to the prisoner Cherry's house, at No. 8, Almonry, Westminster - she was in the front parlour; I asked if she had not got some one concealed in the back parlour; she said No, there was no one - she took the candle up, and went into the back parlour with us; we saw nobody there, but I saw a cupboard with a padlock on it, and asked what she had got there - she said there was nobody there, nor anything belonging to any one. She immediately blew the candle out, and went into the front parlour. I said I insisted upon seeing what was in it, the candle was lighted, and she unlocked it, pulled a bag out, and tried to conceal it in front of her. I caught hold of it, and asked if she knew what it contained; she made no answer - I opened it, and found a silver tea spoon, a knife with a silver handle, and other articles of plate. After that she said it belonged to a man who was up stairs. I went up and found Kinder laying on a bed with his coat off, and two women in the room, (there were two men down stairs.) I asked Kinder if he had got anything below; he made no answer, but said afterwards that what was there was his own. He gave me his name, but refused to say where he lived, and said it was hard to detain him as it was his own property. I took them to Bow-street, and found a bill of parcels in the bag.
Cross-examined. Q. She tried to conceal the bag - A. She put it between her knees. There was nothing else in the cupboard but old rags.


                  JOHN 
                  CONDE
               



            . I am an officer, and accompanied Snowsell. There was a bed in the back parlour, and only one person could get between it and the cupboard. Cherry went to the cupboard, dragged the bag out, and put it between her legs; it was concealed under some old rags. Cherry had put the candle out.

MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ELEY
               



            . I am a working jeweller, and do business for the prosecutors. On the 15th of January, Kinder brought some plate, and took some back - I believe I myself delivered him the knife, but I am not certain. I looked it out for him to take; I know it to be the same by a mark upon it. We sent it to the prosecutors on sale or return. The bag contains other plate delivered to him.


                  THOMAS 
                  CONNELLY
               



             re-examined. I know the spoon to be the prosecutors's - it was sent to Messrs. Eley and Co. to be repaired. The bag is the one he took out that morning.
KINDER'S Defence. My Lord and Gentleman of the Jury, however imprudently I may have acted, I feel concious of no intention to defraud my employers - I have indeed been guilty of great excesses, but is it possible to suppose I should let the plate remain in the bag till Sunday. The woman was ignorant of my conduct.
CHERRY'S Defence. I gave him the key to look into the cupboard, and did not conceal the bag, but gave it him out of the cupboard, and said I did not know what it contained. The prisoner gave it me to take care of, and I gave him the key to lock it up himself. I gave the officer two candles, and insisted on his looking all over the house.
KINDER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.
CHERRY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
