





523. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LINCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Perkins
                        




                     
                   on the King's highway, on the 12th of March
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, one watch chain, value 18 s.; one knife, value 6 d., and one watch key, value 3 d.; his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I am a weaver
, and live in the Curtain-road; On the 12th of March, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was going down Redcross-street


, walking very fast; at the end of Ball-alley I felt my watch going - I saw no one, I had my umbrella up, I put my hand down, and caught hold of my watch; I looked down, and saw a boy having hold of my chain; I heard the chain break while I was endeavouring to prevent my watch going from me; I attempted to run after the boy, when the prisoner got hold of my waistcoat, and held me; I collared him - and, at that moment, some gentlemen came up - I asked them to assist me. Herdsfield came up and took him, he was never out of my hands.
Q. At the time the boy laid hold of your watch, did he pull hard at it, before it broke - A. It broke on my holding it; the prisoner was a stranger to me; when he laid hold of me he used dreadful oaths.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Which way were you going - A. Towards Little Britain. I saw no one till I felt the watch pulled - the chain was snatched at one snatch. I changed my umbrella from one hand to the other, then put my hand down, and it was snatched violently - I had not taken one step to run after the boy, when the prisoner laid hold of me.
Q. Did you not run against the prisoner, and he laid hold of you, and said,
"Holloo, what are you at?" - No; he was behind me; I turned round to go up the court, and heseized me; I collared him, and he caught hold of me - he did not ask why I ran against him; he did not give me his name or address.
COURT. Q. Had you laid hold of the chain, to save it, before it was pulled from you - A. I laid hold of it, and it broke in the attempt to get it out of my hand.


                  THOMAS 
                  BATES
               



            . I am a watchman, and live in St. Swithin's-lane; I was going into Bridgwater-square, and close to Paul's-alley, I met a friend, with whom I was in conversation, when Perkins passed us with an umbrella - as soon as he passed I heard a scuffle, he was then about six yards off. I heard him call out for assistance - I went up, and heard the prisoner say,
"Why did you hold me?" Perkins said,
"Because my chain is taken" - and at that moment Herdsfield came up and took the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see any boy run - A. No; I did not hear the prisoner say, because you held me first - he gave his right name and address, when he was asked - he said he lived in the City-road, and was going to his aunt's.


                  JOHN 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am a constable; about seven o'clock on the 12th of March, I was at the corner of Paul's-alley. The prosecutor had hold of Lynch - he said he was robbed of his chain and seals - I took the prisoner to the Compter, where I searched him, and found no chain on him. The prosecutor said the prisoner was the person who prevented his taking the thief.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not the prisoner say, he ran against him, and so he laid hold of him - A. I did not hear it at all - I heard him say, what did you lay hold of me for?
Prisoner's Defence. My mother sent me to my aunt's about seven o'clock - she lay dangerously ill, in Paul's-alley - on my arriving at the corner of the alley, the prosecutor was walking by me - he turned round, and accused me of running against him. He said, have you seen what has happened? I said No. He said, I beg your pardon for running against you. He stopped a few minutes, then said I am robbed of my chain by a boy, and I imagine you was in his company. I said no, there was no person in company with me - I gave him my address, he collared me, and I submitted, without the least resistance, knowing my innocence.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
Of stealing from the person only.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
