





226. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the the 7th of August
, a watch, value 10 l.; a steel watch-hook, value 6 d.; and a piece of ribbon, value 1 s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Service
                  




               
            , (since deceased) to whom she was servant
.
MRS. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am a widow, and the daughter of Mrs. 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Service
               



            , who died on the 17th of November last. I lived in the same house with her, in Finsbury-square


. She had a gold watch which she constantly wore, it had a steel-hook fastened to it, suspended by a ribbon. The prisoner was in her service for about a fortnight before the 7th of August, on which day my mother and myself went to dine with my sister, who lives in the same square; my mother was too infirm to get into the carriage without assistance, she had the watch when she was at my sister's; she returned alone about nine o'clock; I returned in about three hours, her watch was then missing - enquiry was made about it; the loss was known to all the servants; I did not see it again till the day before yesterday, when Clinton brought it; the prisoner left the service on the 7th of September. My mother had two male, and two female servants.


                  RICHARD 
                  ROSE
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Parker, I attended Mrs. Service home about nine o'clock on the evening; she lost her watch, she came home in her carriage, I did not observe whether she had it about her; a young gentleman (a relation in the family), and the prisoner, assisted her out of the carriage, as she was very infirm; I held the carriage door while they helped her out; I did not go into the house, but returned with the carriage and attended the rest of the family to Vauxhall, and returned between one and two o'clock I think; I then heard that my mistress had lost her watch, enquiry was made about it; and it was known to every body in the house; I had often seen it at her side. Five guineas reward was offered for it, and hand-bills printed; that was known all through the house; the reward was afterwards increased to ten guineas.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you observe, whether your mistress wore it on that day - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  CLINTON
               



            . I am a constable. On the 6th of January, I found this watch in the prisoner's box, at Mr. Sewell's, she objected to my searching to the bottom of the box; I asked her if it was her's, she made a snatch at it, and said it was her property; I asked how she came by it, she said,
"Indeed it is my property." I asked again how she came by it, she said her master gave it her, I asked who he was, she said a gentleman at the other end of the town, whom she had lived with, that her mistress had died, and her master gave it her in remembrance of her mistress, by her request; I asked her master's name; she said, indeed she did not know, and that he was gone to France; I asked if any one saw him give it her; she said, her cousin did; she could not tell me the street her master lived in. Mr. Sewell gave her in charge. I took her to the Compter and found a watch-paper in it, which lead me to find Mrs. Parker, who claimed it. The prisoner told me she had had it two years. I found the steel-hook in her box.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did you know Mr. Sewell, at the time you was fetched - A. I have known them for years as inhabitants. I did not put these questions to her, with a view to give them in evidence. I did not know that the watch was stolen.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
