





909. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     RUSH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, 40 lbs. of lead, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Campbell
                        



                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the dwelling-house of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Matthews
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CAMPBELL
               



            . I live in the New-road, Tottenham. The house from whence this lead was taken is No. 33, New Belton-street


. I saw the lead upon the roof about Christmas, when it was repaired - I did not hear of any being stolen till the 24th of April, when Mr. Matthews called, and said that the wet came through. I went with him, and got up at the front of the house, and missed lead from the middle of the gutter - it appeared to be fresh cut. I saw some lead found on the same morning, in another house of mine, No. 29 or 30, occupied by Mr. Chapman. I compared that lead with the vacancy, and it exactly fitted it; I have no doubt of its being taken from there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALBANCKE
               



            . I occupy the first floor of this house; it is rented by Matthews; Campbell asked me to go with him to Bow-street; when we came back we went to No. 30, got up to the top of the house, and went along the roof to Mr. Matthews's house, and found the lead had been taken from there, it was in the loft at No. 30 - I saw it applied to the place, and it fitted exactly. I have no doubt but it was taken from there. The prisoner lives at No. 30; his mother keeps the front garret, and he keeps pigeons in the loft where the lead was found.
COURT. Q. Was the lead in one or more pieces - A. The lead was in two pieces; they were both in one pigeon loft, the one kept by the prisoner.
Prisoner. There are other pigeons kept in the next house - Witness. I believe there are.
JURY. Q. Could another person have gone along the roof, and have put the lead into that pigeon-house or loft - A. Yes; a person could get from No. 30 to 33.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer. I found this lead in the pigeon-loft or cock-loft, of No. 30. I met the prisoner coming in at the street door when I went down - I followed him up, and took him; his mother was there, and told him about the lead, but he made no answer. I saw it fitted to the place, and found three small pieces of lead in his pockets, which fitted the small spaces exactly.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I found the lead between the lofts, and put it into my pigeon-house. Persons could go along the roof, and he said at the office he could trace footsteps to the door where the next neighbours kept their pigeons. There was not room to get through the place he spoke of from my pigeon loft.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I could get through myself. I could see the lead had been dragged along the roof.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
