





1027. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SCRIVEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April
, three boxes, value 3 s.; fifteen caps, value 20 s.; three frills, value 1 s., and a bonnet, value 9 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Blake
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  MAGGS
               



            . I am a newsman - I was returning from town on the 12th of April, a little before eight o'clock, in a cart, to my residence at Knightsbridge - I saw the prisoner - he crossed the road and followed the cart three or four yards, and then took out the three boxes - the moon was quite bright - I saw him plainly - I told Mr. and Mrs. Blake, who were in the cart, of their loss - he put the box under his arm, and walked away with them - I pursued him as far as the Duke of Gloucester, public-house, which is about 200 yards - when I came up with him I said,
"These boxes don't belong to you" - he said they did. I said,
"Will you step into the public-house" - he said Yes; but he dropped them at the door and ran away; I did not pursue him, but he was brought back to me about five minutes afterwards; and I swear that he is the man.
Cross-examined by Mr. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did you loose sight of him at all - A. Yes; I lost sight of him while he ran about two hundred yards - there were three persons in the cart, but none of them observed him - I took him to the public-house - he remained in the back parlour alone while the officer was gone for - I had seen him when he crossed me to go to the cart - it was dusk, but the moon was full - he was out of my sight for a short time; but I am certain he is the man.


                  ANN 
                  BLAKE
               



            . I am a servant
 - I was leaving my place and was in the cart with my father and mother - I had four boxes, containing fifteen caps, three frills, and a bonnet - when we were near Hyde-park, Maggs said the boxes were gone - I did not get out nor see the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. How many boxes did you lose - A. I only lost three, four were in the cart - I did not see the prisoner - the darkness prevented my seeing him at that distance - I had been sitting with my face to the horse, and did not turn round.


                  RICHARD 
                  BLAKE
               



            . I was going along with my own cart with my daughter's trunks in it - I received information that they were gone, and went in pursuit as far as Hyde-park - I saw the prisoner, whom Maggs said he had taken with the boxes - I did not see him till the boxes were in the public-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARD
               



            . I am an officer, and have the trunks.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. When Mr. Blake came to me he said if I could give him a sovereign he would let me go; he put his hand in into my pocket and said, as I had no he would take me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
