





FOURTH DAY. MONDAY, OCTOBER 30.
Fourth Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1998. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October
, 1 watch, value 6l.; 1 watch-key, value 4s.; 2 seals, value 6d.; 3 sovereigns; 1 half-crown; 14 shillings; and 1s. sixpence, the property of William Mann; 1 watch, value 1l.; 2 seals, value 10s.; 1 watch-key, value 4s., and 1 watch-chain, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Bowden
               




            .
RICHARD BOWDEN. I am an officer of the Customs
. I was on board the Atalanta on the 12th of October; she was lying off Irongate, St. Catherine's


, near the Tower - I was awoke by a person taking my watch from off a locker, near to where I was lying - I had put it there the night before - I got out of bed, and saw a person going up the companion-ladder - I followed, saw him go to the adjoining vessel, and called Stop thief! I did not overtake him, but when I got to that vessel, I found my watch in one place and the case in another, on the deck - I saw the prisoner in about a minute in custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MANN
               



            . I am master of the Atalanta. Bowden slept on board that night - I heard an alarm, and saw him find his watch and case - I also missed a watch, three sovereigns, and some silver, from the state-room; I went and found the prisoner in a boat alone in about five minutes, and charged him with it - he denied having been on board, but said, he was smuggling two bottles of gin, and was pursued by the police; that he belonged to a vessel in the tier above; he was without a hat - a person brought it to him, and he owned it - as I was going down into the boat where he was, somebody said, "Captain, he has hove your watch overboard;" he said the man was a liar.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARDING
               



            . On the morning of the 12 of October, I took the prisoner in this boat, about four vessels from the Atalanta - he said he went there to sleep, and that he had been let out of prison the night before - I found 1s. 4d. on him.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAMMOND
               



            . I am a Custom-house officer, and was on board the next vessel to the Atalanta - I heard an alarm, went on deck, and saw Bowden pick up his watch; I saw a person getting into the next vessel and followed him four or five vessels off into a boat - some men in the sixth vessel called out, "He is in a boat" - I got down and callared him; it was the prisoner - he put his hand into his pocket and took out something - then put his hand into the water and dropped it - I cannot tell what it was - he said he was pursued by two officers, as he had had two bottles of gin, and lost his hat in the scuffle - I said that was a lame story, and it was likely he had taken the watch - he said I was a d - d liar - I then went and found his hat near the companion door of the Atalanta - I brought it to him, put it on, and it fitted him very well; I said, "I have brought your hat;" he said, "Oh! have you;" I believehim to be the man whom I saw crossing the ships - it was between two and three o'clock in the morning.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A countryman promised me two bottles of gin - I went on board to get it - I was pursued by an officer, and escaped across the tier, and in a quarter of an hour, they came and said I had robbed them - my hat had fallen into the water.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
