





1080. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     YEOXLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of June
, twelve shirts, value 3 l. 12 s., and twenty-six handkerchiefs, value 26 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Ralphs
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  RALPHS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Ralphs
               



            ; we live in Peerless-row, City-road


; I am a laundress. I lost this property at different times - the prisoner assisted me to wash and iron. I was losing things every week, and enquired about them; she said she was honest, and never would rob me. The last I lost was two shirts - I have found the shirts in pawn. She was taken on the 5th of June.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. You missed two shirts the last time - A. Yes.
Q. Have you never said to Perry, that if you saw her boiling in oil, you would not help her - A. I never said any such thing to any one. The shirts belonged to a school for Noblemen's sons. I have seven, and sometimes ten, women - I never saw the prisoner's husband there.


                  MARY 
                  ANN EVANS
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's daughter. The prisoner worked for us till the end of April. I found some linen in pawn.


                  THOMAS 
                  PEARSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 2d of March the prisoner pawned four handkerchiefs, and onthe 11th one; I am not exactly certain of her, but am sure I have seen her at my shop.


                  CHARLES 
                  JAMES SCOTT
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Latter, of the City-road. On the 29th of January, the prisoner pawned two shirts, and on the 26th one, in the name of Smith, City-road. I knew her before, and am positive of her.


                  JOHN 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Folkard, Providence-row. I have four handkerchiefs, pawned by the prisoner on the 16th March for 3 s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Salmon, of Bishopsgate-street. On the 14th of February, I took two handkerchiefs in pawn of the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  MATTHEWS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Walker, of Tabernacle-walk. On the 16th of April the prisoner pawned two shirts; on the 19th, one; and on the 2d of March, one.


                  RICHARD 
                  CONSTABLE
               



            . I am an officer. On the 5th of June the prisoner was given in my charge; she came and sat by the fire, and said she had pawned the things from time to time, and if I would send for her relations, they would make up the money to redeem them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am a watchman. Evans gave the prisoner in charge in Whitecross-street.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about many of them.


                  SARAH 
                  PERRY
               



            . On Saturday last, the prosecutrix told me in the Press-yard, that she should not care if the prisoner was boiling in oil - she would not help her. I live in Hart-street, Covent-garden; my husband keeps a livery-stable.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
