





1870. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     LLOYD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, 36 glass bottles, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a surgeon
, and live near the fourth mile-stone, on the Edgware-road


. I missed some bottles on the 30th of September, from a shed, about three hundred yards from my house - it was not locked; they were such as we keep medicine in, not what we send it out in - they were safe the day before; I lost some fowls at the same time - I know nothing of the prisoner; these are the bottles.


                  PETER 
                  CONNER
               



            . I am a bottle dealer, and live at No. 10, Exeter-street, Lisson-grove. I have known the prisoner about three years; he keeps a marine-store shop
, and deals in bottles
 - I went to his shop on the 1st of October; he said he had some likely to suit me, and reached me down these bottles, which are now in Court - we sorted them out on the counter; I asked what he wanted a dozen- he said 2s.; I said I would give 2s. a dozen for two dozen, and the others I would give 1s. 6d. for - his wife, who was in the parlour, said it was too cheap; I said I thought not, as they were inferior bottles, and the stoppers did not fit - I paid 1s. 6d. on the bottles, but did not take them then; I said I would call after dinner, but I did not call till next morning, and then I paid the money and took them away - these are the bottles; a Police-officer took me and found them on me, late in the evening.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. I believe you were taken before the Magistrate? A. Yes - I then said I bought them of the prisoner; the prisoner came when he sent an officer for him - it might be near one o'clock when I was taken with them, in Baker-street, Portman-square; the prisoner told the Magistrate he knew me, but as to the bottles he knew nothing about them - I believe the worth of this bottle is about 4d.; if I gave an order for bottles I should be charged so much per lb. - there is no one here who saw me buy them, but I was seen to come out of the house with them; the prisoner said before the Magistrate he had not seen me at all at his house - I told the officer who I bought them of, the moment I was stopped; I have no business to tell whether I have been in trouble before.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  CANNING
               



            . I live at No. 26, Lisson-street. I know the prisoner's house; I saw Conner at his door with a basket in his hand - I do not know what was in it.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you known Connor before? A. Yes, about a year; I never heard of his being in trouble.


                  EDWARD 
                  BLAKE
               



            . I keep a shaving shop opposite the prisoner's; Conner came into my shop with a basket of bottles.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARD WILDE
               



            . I am a tin-plate worker. I was in Blake's shop on that Friday morning; I saw Conner bring this basket of bottles from the prisoner's shop to Blake's.


                  MARY 
                  KENNY
               



            . I live at No. 22, Upper York-street. Conner's wife called on me on the 3rd of October, the day they had been before the Magistrate; I went with her to the prisoner's, he was at home - she said to him,"Did my husband buy some doctors' bottles of you yesterday morning?" he said, "Yes, and what of it?" "Nothing, (says she) but he was taken by one of the Police-officers, and is detained till you go to say you sold him the bottles;" the prisoner said, "Why could not he sell the bottles first, then go and drink."
Cross-examined. Q. Are you an acquaintance of Conner's? A. I have known him four or five years, but am no particular acquaintance; I do not know how often he has been in prison, for I have been in the country - the prisoner acknowledge he sold the bottles; I went before the Magistrate on the 3rd of October - I get my living by hard work - I do not buy bottles; Conner has been in that line - I cannot tell when I had work last; I have a brother who sends me money from India - I am a widow, and have three children; the families I work for are out of town-I have not had any thing for coming here; Conner was let loose after the prisoner was in custody.


                  ANN 
                  CONNER
               



            . I know Kenny; I went with her to the prisoner - I asked him if he had sold my husband any bottles; he said he did - I asked if he would come to the office; he said "Why did not he sell the bottles first, and go to drink afterwards?"
Cross-examined. Q. How often has your husband been in prison? A. He was in Tothill-fields prison for a debt of 30s. for my little child, which I put out to nurse- I have been married ten years; it was on the Saturday morning I called on the prisoner - he said at first he would not come, but afterwards did: my husband was discharged that day week - 
               
                  Mary 
                  Kenny
               



             was with me every day we were examined; I will swear she was there, and gave her evidence on the first examination.


                  JOHN 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I apprehended Conner at one o'clock in the morning, in Baker-street, with two baskets of bottles.
Cross-examined. Q. It was at one o'clock in the morning? A. Yes; he said he bought them of David Lloyd - Conner had three examinations; Lloyd appeared on the Wednesday - I do not know whether he came voluntarily.



                  EDWARD 
                  BURRIDGE
               



            . I am a constable. Conner was brought to Marylebone office, on Saturday, the 3rd of October - it was stated that he bought them of the prisoner; some of his friends went to the prisoner's house, but he did not come - Stowell was sent to order him to the office, and he came; I went to the prisoner to see if I could get any more of these bottles, but I could not -Conner said they had been taken out of a fish-kettle; I saw two old fish-kettles there in the back yard, one is a very large one with a parting in the middle - when I went again on the Wednesday it was gone; the prisoner said he sent it away with some old iron.
Cross-examined. Q. Did the prisoner attend on the Saturday? A. Yes; he was sent for - these women appeared, but I cannot tell whether they were examined before the Wednesday; the prisoner was allowed to go home on his own recognizances - I went to fetch him on the Wednesday, and while I was gone, he came; I know nothing of Conner.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SMITH
               



            . These bottles are mine; they have the remains of some physic in them - I had some old fish-kettles there; I do not know whether I lost any.
Prisoner's Defence. I never sold the bottles, nor ever had them in my place.


                  THOMAS 
                  TOWNE
               



            . I was in the prisoner's service; on the Thursday before Conner was taken I saw him at my master's - he came for some draught phials, and had two baskets with him with something in them, but I do not know whether these are the baskets - he staid, I suppose, a quarter of an hour; I was paving in the yard, but I could see him - there was no sale of bottles of this kind, or I should have seen it; to my certain knowledge there were no such bottles as these in the shop - there are some fish-kettles there in which nails are put; I saw Conner go away and take the baskets which he brought - I took in the phials which he bought on the Friday; I had seen him before.
COURT. Q. Conner seldom came to the shop? A. He deals in bottles, and calls there sometimes - I went there on the 28th, but I have worked there before; I have seen Conner there twice - I do not know what was in his baskets when he was at the house - they were talking about the phials; he was to have them at 8d. a dozen - I took them on Friday, and brought my master the money - I never saw such bottles as these on my master's premises; I do not believe he would buy them, they are so very conspicuous - I have known him to turn away a great many things that came to the shop, because he was afraid they might be stolen - I never saw a doctor's bottle in his house; he deals in phials - these would not sell in his shop; he does not sell to doctors.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
