






678. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LACEY
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, one mattress, value 5 s.; one bed, value 2 l.; one bolster, value 10 s.; two pillow cases, value 5 s.; two pillows, value 10 s.; and two blankets, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Egleton
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I had the care of a house, No. 4, Dalby-terrace, City-road


, which belonged to Mr. John Egleton, who has now removed to Liverpool; he moved a little before Quarter day, and left me in care of his house and furniture. On the 13th of April I left the house locked up safe, at a little after seven o'clock in the evening, and about nine o'clock was informed of the robbery. I went to the house, and found the gates and doors open, and these articles missing. I found them that night at the watch-house, with the prisoners in custody.


                  JOHN 
                  KILLDRUP
               



            . I am servant at the City of London public house, City-road. On the 13th of April, about ten minutes before nine o'clock at night, I was about six doors from this house, and saw Lacey go into the garden and go down the area. I had seen the prisoners before, walking up and down, in company with another man and woman. I then saw Jones go in, and in a short time saw him come out with a bundle, and directly after Lacey came out with another bundle. I saw Mr. Cheslin, my master, coming, and I told him. Brown took Jones alongside his bundle. Lacey threw down his bundle and ran away. I and Hunter pursued him to the corner of River terrace, and took him without losing sight of him. His bundle remained where he threw it. Both bundles were taken to the watch-house.
JOHN BROWN. I saw the last witness, he gave me information. I saw three men and a woman walking about, - I do not know them. I went with my beer, and as I came down the road I saw two bundles falling. I saw one bundle drop, and Lacey ran from where it dropped. He was taken in my sight, - the bundles were taken to the watch-house. I did not see Jones till he was at the watch-house.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a plumber and glazier, and live atPentonville. I received information from Cheslin, and went with him, and met Jones with a load on his back. I immediately collared and held him; - he dropped the bundle, and was taken to the watch-house. I do not know who picked the bundle up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUNTER
               



            . I received information, and went and met Lacey and collared him. Brown took Jones. I asked Lacey what he had there, he said a bed, and threw it on my arm, and broke from me. I pursued, and took him at the corner of River-terrace. Jordan picked the bundle up.


                  JAMES 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I received information and went to Egleton's house, and saw Lacey with the bed on his back; he was secured. I saw them both coming down the road, with each a bundle, - they were both secured. I took Lacey's bundle to the watch-house, and Cheslin's servant carried the other.


                  ROBERT 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer. I was on duty in the City-road, - heard the cry of stop thief, - ran, and found Lacey in custody. I took him to Cheslin's, and there found Jones in custody. I took both to the watch-house, and sent the bundles there. I went to the house, and found a great deal of the property moved, ready to be carried away, a looking glass and fire irons were moved. I found a hammer and two screw drivers there.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
JONES, - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
LACEY, - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before 
               Wm. Arabin
            , Esq.
