







1007. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     GEORGE FREDERICK 
                     COLTMAN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     SOMERSET
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of March
, 400 lbs. of lead, value 2 l., belonging to 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Dickason
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
2 d. COUNT stating it to be fixed to an out-house belonging to him.
THIRD COUNT, stating it to be fixed in a certain yard belonging to him.
MESSRS. ALLEY and LAW conducted the prosecution.


                  EDWARD 
                  JONES
               



            . I am coachman to Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Dickason
               



            , who lives on Twickenham Common


. On the 5th of March, about eleven o'clock at night, I went round the premises - they were then all safe - the pump at the kitchen door, and the pump in the stable-yard, were safe - next morning, about six, I found the pump gone from the stable-yard - the pipe of the pump by the kitchen was screwed off, and the leaden cistern in the green-house gone, and a quantity of lead was taken off the roof of the out-building; a field, called Seven-acre-field, communicates with the premises. I observed the tract of a narrow-wheeled cart going in and out of the gate. I traced it about one hundred yards into the road - there is a paddock there, in which I found a quantity of lead, such as I had lost. On the following Monday I went to Brentford, and saw the pump, cistern, and some lead in a cart in the Magistrate's yard - the leaden pump was found in the gravel-pits.


                  THOMAS 
                  DICKASON
               



            , Esq. I live at Twickenham. On the 5th of March I saw all the lead of my out-house safe, and next morning I found a considerable quantity taken off the roof - the cistern and pump were gone.


                  GEORGE 
                  GRIMSHAW
               



            . On the 5th of March I lived with my father and mother on Twickenham Common - the prosecutor's house is on the Common close to where I live. On the 5th of March, I saw the prisoners at the Red Lion public-house, and was in their company at the Swan about a week before - we had some beer, and smoked tobacco.
Q. Did you talk - A. Yes.
Q. What about - A. Nothing particular.
Q. You are desired to tell the truth - what did you talk about at the Swan - A. Nothing particular.
Q. Did you agree to do any thing - A. No; I know nothing about this robbery.
This witness having stated himself before the Magistrate to have been an accessary in the robbery, and admitted as a witness for the Crown, he was committed.


                  JOHN 
                  PHILPOT
               



            . I was convicted last Sessions of this robbery. On the morning of the 6th of March I was apprehended at Brentford, with a quantity of lead. I got it from Mr. Dickason - the three prisoners were with me. I took my cart into Mr. Dickason's meadow, and they all put the lead into the cart. Grimshaw was with them - a cistern, a pump, and some more lead were put into the cart - there was more than I wished to take - the prisoners said,
"Why did you bring such a horse and cart as not to be able to take so much;" - I said, I had a great mind to shoot it all out, and have nothing more to do with it. I had met them at the Swan public-house, at Isleworth, on the 5th. I had the cart from Wasley, at Isleworth, and went straight to the prisoners. I was stopped at Old Brentford with the lead - neither of them would go with me.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How often haveyou been tried before this last business - A. Once; and was imprisoned eight or nine months. I have told the truth for my own sake.
Q. Were you not told that if you swore against them you would get off very light - A. Yes; Mr. Thackey said, if I would tell who robbed the premises, I should be free.
Q. It was from no motive of repentance or the love of justice, but to free yourself - A. I had repentance; I gave information a few days after I was convicted myself.
MR. LAW. Q. You have received your punishment, and have no hope of any further favour; A. No; four men could hardly lift the cistern. I mentioned their names to Mr. Thackey - he said they were all desperate characters, and wished me to speak the truth.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GROVER
               



            . I keep the Swan public-house, at Isleworth. On the 3d of March Philpot came in with the prisoners about three o'clock in the afternoon, and remained until about seven.
Cross-examined. Q. Your house is the resort of the lower orders of people - A. Yes; they were drinking and amusing themselves. I never remember seeing them together before - one Wasley, who has absconded, was in their company.


                  THOMAS 
                  FORD
               



            . I keep the Red Lion public-house at Twickenham, On the 8th of March, from eight till half-past ten o'clock at night, the prisoners were all at my house, which is three quarters of a mile from the prosecutor's; Somerset went away out about ten, Grimshaw and Beauchamp were there.


                  RICHARD 
                  BEAUCHAMP
               



            . On the evening of the 5th of March I was at the Red Lion; the prosecutor and Grimshaw came there; they had two pots of beer, and there was a good deal of whispering; they might stay there an hour and a half, and went away towards Mr. Dickason's estate; the Duke's Head public house is in that direction. I went from there to Lady Baroness Howe's premises, and laid down under the lean-too of a cow-house to sleep; this is half a mile from Mr. Dickason's; and about three o'clock in the morning; Somerset came and awoke me, and wanted to know why I lay there; he said there was a warmer place further on; and in the morning I found him, Grimshaw, and Coultman, all laying in a place where they cut chaff. When they left the Red Lion Somerset was not with them; they said they were to meet him by the Duke's Head public-house, and if I saw him I was to tell him they were waiting there. For a quarter of an hour before I went away they were cleaning each others clothes, which were very dirty with cobwebs, as if they had been lifting something. When they went from the barn Grimshaw said,
"Be d - d if it will do to go all one way." He and Somerset went over the fields at the back of Twickenham to come in at the end of Cross-street and meet the other two. Coltman went over the footpath towards his mother's to breakfast; it was then about nine o'clock.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not Somerset awake you - A. Yes; and told me to go to a place where I found the others in the morning. I noticed their jackets; they appeared as as if they had been lifting something; Taylor was not there.
MR. LAW. Q. How far were they from their homes - A. About a quarter of a mile; I had been at work, and had no lodgings; I came to apply to the parish for relief, but could get none that night.


                  HENRY 
                  TODD
               



            . I am a carpenter. On Saturday the 6th of March, at nine o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoners coming out of the barn where Beacham says they slept. Taylor was with them, and Grimshaw also.
Cross-examined. Q. If any one has said that Taylor was not there it is false - A. He was there - I saw them come out of the cow-yard, not out of the barn. I had no conversation with them.


                  JOHN 
                  PICKERWELL
               



            . I am carter to Mr. Stanborough, of Isleworth. On the 6th of March, between ten and eleven o'clock, (I think) I went to Mr. Martin's at Twickenham, with my cart - I saw Somerset and another man, who wore a blue plush waistcoat, coming out of Twickenham; they were a mile and a half from the prosecutors. Somerset said
"Hallo! what have you Isleworth chaps been at." I said the wooden legged cobbler's horse and cart was stopped at Brentford with lead in it, and the man who was in it jumped out and ran away.


                  JOHN 
                  BOLTON
               



            . I am clerk at Coles' brewery at Twickenham. On the 6th of March I saw Somerset and Grimshaw standing on a bridge together; I did not hear what they said.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUETT
               



            . I am an Excise-officer; about five o'clock in the morning of the 6th of March, I stopped a cart in Brentford, with a very heavy cistern, and several pieces of lead - the man who drove it set off.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
SOMERSET - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
COLTMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
