






2169. 
               
                  MARY 
                  CLANCEY
               




             and 
               
                  SUSANNAH 
                  TURBITT
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of September
, 3 gowns, value 30s.; 1 jacket, value 2s.; 1 shift, value 1s. 6d.; 3 pair of stockings, value 3s.; 2 aprons, value 1s.,; 2 pair of gloves, value 1s.; 1 petticoat, value 2s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 2 sovereigns; 1 half-sovereign, and 5s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Barbara 
                  Mitchell
               




            .
BARBARA MITCHELL. I am a widow
. On the 23d of September, I was in Bainbridge-street, St. Giles', and met the prisoner; I had a large band-box, containing all thisproperty; I asked Turbitt if she could recommend me to part of a bed for the night, as it was then half-past ten o'clock; she said she had a bed, and if I would take a part of it, I was very welcome; I said I did not wish to have it without making her satisfaction; we went to a room in Bainbridge-street


 - the other prisoner was there; in about an hour I went to bed with Turbitt - I do not know where Clancey was; in the morning I was awoke by the opening of a window about half-past four o'clock; I got up, and heard footsteps running down stairs - there was no one in the room, but the room-door slammed too very quick; all my things were gone but the box - I heard something fall from the window - I looked, but could see nothing; I called the watchman but he did not come for some time; I have never got any of my property since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALL
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoners and charged them with the robbery, but they denied it.
TURBITT's Defence. I never saw the woman till I was at Bow-street.
CLANCEY'S Defence. I was taken that day, but I had never seen the woman.
WILLIAM BALL. Clancey said before the Magistrate that she slept in the room.
CLANCEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
TURBITT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
