





504. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NICHOLSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of January
, 21 yards of cloth, value 23 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harris
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas Griffin 
                     Rawlins
                  



               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  HOLLEC
               



            . I am carman to Messrs. 
               
                  John 
                  Harris
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Griffin Rawlins
               



            , who are clothworkers

, and live in St. Martin's-lane. On the 28th of January, about six o'clock in the evening, I was in Whitcombe-street


, with eight or ten pieces of woollen-cloth in my cart. I got off the cart for a necessary purpose; the prisoner and two others came up to the near side of the cart; the prisoner asked me the way to Manchester-square, and kept shoving me from the scraper of the cart towards the wheel - the other two went round to the off side of the cart. I told him to go up Coventry-street. I missed a piece of cloth immediately they were gone from the off side, and saw them all going up Whitcombe-court with another man. The three ran, the prisoner stopped behind and struck me; I secured him, dragged him to a public-house, and then put him into my cart, drove him home, and gave him in charge. I think I saw the cloth with them.
Q, Who was the first that pushed you - A. The prisoner - he pushed me against the wheel; there was plenty of room for him to pass; they came in a direction to meet the cart. I saw the prisoner speaking to them in the court; the prisoner was running away with them. He stopped, and would not let me pass to secure the men with the property. The court is just wide enough for one person to go through.

Cross-examined by MR. WALFORD. Q. Was it dark - A. Yes. He was not out of my sight. He struck me before I collared him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
