





889. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BURKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June
, nine shillings; eight sixpences, and a halfpenny
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Brooks
                  




               
            , widow
.


                  SARAH 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I am a widow, and keep a chandlers-shop
, in East-street, Manchester-square


. On the 6th of June, about half past three o'clock in the afternoon, I was coming out of the back room, and saw the prisoner reaching across the counter, with his hand in the till; he ran out; I followed him, and called Stop thief! he was stopped in my sight. Thirteen shillings and a halfpenny was brought to me. I missed silver from the till, but cannot say how much.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FURNESS
               



            . I am a hair-dresser. I heard Brooks calling after the prisoner; I followed and stopped him; I had seen him go round a carriage and stoop, as if to put something down. He said he had done nothing, and resisted a good deal.


                  SAMUEL 
                  B. NASH
               



            . I am a baker, and live in Marylebone. I saw the prisoner running in Baker-street, and people following him; he ran behind a carriage, took something from his pocket, and put it behind the carriage wheel. I went there and picked up nine shillings, eight sixpences and a halfpenny, which I gave to Brooks. He was stopped directly.


                  JOHN 
                  STAPLES
               



            . I am a constable. As I was taking him to the office, I told him it was a bold trick; he said she had got it all back.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
