





1507. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  PERKINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of June
, 4 umbrellas, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Oliver Dixon 
                  Green
               




            .
OLIVER DIXON GREEN. I am schoolmaster to the Society for promoting Christianity among the Jews
, at Cambridge-heath. The property there is under my care. On Friday, the 22d of June, between nine and ten o'clock, I sent Marcus with four umbrellas, one was to be returned to my brother-in-law, and the other three to be repaired at Sanderson's, in Bishopsgate-street - I have not seen them since.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MARCUS
               



            . I went out with the umbrellas, and near the pump in Shoreditch


, the prisoner was looking at some birds - he came and asked me for a flower - I said they were not mine to give - he then asked me to sell him the umbrellas - I said No, they were going to be mended - he then asked me to sell him one - I said No - he then said he had to get two boys to fetch two bundles of silk from a shop, and I might be one, and earn 3d. if I liked, as well as any one else - we went down Primrose-street - he called a young man and asked him if he wanted a job; he said Yes; he told him to show me to the haberdasher's shop, and to go and get some bundles of silk, and he would take charge of my umbrellas - I left them with him, and went with the young man till we got to the new market - he told me to go and knock at a gentleman's door, and as soon as I left him he ran down a narrow turning - I thought something was wrong, and returned to where I had left the prisoner, but he was gone - I did not see him again till he was before the Magistrate, on the 2d of July - I am quite sure he is the boy - he had exactly the same dress on.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CUTHILL
               



            . On the 22d of June I was going to work in Finsbury-market - I saw Marcus with a lad about eighteen years old, and the prisoner walking at a distance, with four umbrellas - I saw the other leave Marcus and beckon to the prisoner, who ran off with him towards Long-alley - I was not aware that I should do right, or I could have taken them - I went on to one of my work-people, and as I returned I saw Marcus crying - I took him to Worship-street, and gave information.
The prisoner begged for mercy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
