






36. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     QUIN
                  , alias, 
PIMM




            , & 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WALKER
                  , alias 
                     
JOHN MAYWOOD





            , were again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of November
, 2 tubs, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Lowndes
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  LOWNDES
               



            . I am the wife of William Lowndes; we keep a shop
 in King's-place, Commercial-road, and sell tubs. On the 8th of November, I lost these two tubs from off a water-butt, outside the door; a little before I missed them I saw a man very much like Walker, standing against the rails, close by the tubs - he is very like the man, but I cannot swear to him.
Prisoner WALKER. Q. What time did you lose them? A. Just after eight o'clock at night - I did not say I missed them after nine; here is the block-mark on them - you have rubbed out the lot mark.


                  THOMAS 
                  AMES
               



            . On the 11th of November, in searching their house, I found these two tubs, which I took to the office.


                  CLARETTA 
                  COPE
               



            . The two prisoners lodged with me in Juniper-row, that is the place the officer searched - they lodged together; they came about seven weeks before the officers came - Walker brought in these two tubs about seven o'clock on the Saturday night, Quin was not with him then, but on the Tuesday morning, Quin and 
               Walker
             each took a tub out, and brought them back again.
Prisoner QUIN. Q. Did not Walker ask you to take one? A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  GARRETT
               



            . I am a coal-whipper. These prisoners lodged at the house where I do; they said they were brokers' men, and had to do these dolls up - they lodged together.
Prisoner QUIN. Q. Does any body else occupy that room? A. A boy and a young man sleep there.


                  MARY 
                  STOREY
               



            . I live in King David-lane, Shadwell. Walker called at my house on the 11th of November, and asked me to purchase these two tubs; he wanted 10s. for them - I said they would not suit me, he turned round and said "Take them at any price."
WALKER's Defence. The prosecutrix said that she had them at home at eight o'clock, and the landlady says I brought them at seven; a woman gave them to me, and said she brought them to sell for her husband, who was in Whitecross-street - the person I had them from is here, her name is 
               
                  Mary 
                  Turner
               



            .
WALKER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
QUIN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
