







1911. 
               
                  ANDREW 
                  RUGG, alias 
RUBY





            , and 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  COX, alias 
RUBY, alias 
THOMPSON





            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of August
, 1 ring, value 2s., and 1 petticoat value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Jemima Sarah 
                  Betts
               




            .
JEMIMA SARAH BETTS. I am single
, and live with Mr. Rieg, in Middlesex-street, Aldgate


 - the prisoner Rugg lodged in that house, for two or three years - Cox came and lived with him as his wife, after he had been there a year; they both went by the name of Ruby there. On the 15th of August, 1826, I pulled off my ring while I washed my hands, and left it in the kitchen; after I had washed them, I returned and missed the ring off the table. I also lost a petticoat from the kitchen - I found the ring in pawn - Mrs. Ruby stood at the kitchen door, and saw me put the ring there - when I missed it I accused her of it; she said, if I accused her of it, she would knock me down; nobody else could have taken it.


                  JOHN 
                  DELBRIDGE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Cordell, pawnbroker, of Aldgate - I have a petticoat, which was pawned on the 15th of August, 1826, and a ring pawned on the 15th of September, 1826 - I know both the prisoners well, by their coming to the shop, but it being so long ago, I cannot say they brought these - they were both pawned by a woman, in the name of Ruby.


                  ANN 
                  MEAL
               



            . I lodge at this house - I knew this petticoat four years ago, when the prosecutrix's mother brought it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BIRCH
               



            . I am an officer. I took the male prisoner on Saturday, the 28th of July, I found on him forty-seven duplicates; the female prisoner was within a few yards of him - she was taken; no duplicates were found on her - Rugg gave me twenty-two duplicates at first, and said they were all he had - he then gave me twenty-five more, one of which was for this ring, and one for the petticoat; the prisoners are not married.(Property produced and sworn to.)
RUGG'S Defence. They were pawned unknown to me.
RUGG - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
COX - GUILTY. Aged 40.



               Judgment Respited
            




.
There were four other indictments against the prisoner.
