





2198. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  BUTLER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16 of October
, 1 fixture, (i.e.) 1 copper, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Whit
                     



                  , and fixed to a certain building; 1 blanket, value 1s.; 1 apron, value 2d., and 1 knife, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Hannah 
                        Roe
                     



                  ; 1 bonnet value 6d.; 1 piece of crape, value 2d.; 1 handkerchief value 2d.; 1 apron, value 2d.; 1 pair of gloves, value 6d., and 2 caps, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Nash
               



            .
HANNAH ROE. I had the care of a house at the corner of St. Martin's-lane


 and Newport-street


; I left it on the 16th of October, at a quarter-past five o'clock in the evening; the property was then all safe - the prisoner was taken about half-past seven o'clock: I did not hear of it till the following morning, when I went to the house, and the things were gone; the blanket, apron, and knife belonged to me, and had been in the back parlour - there were some other articles of Jane Nash's; these are the articles - I know nothing of the prisoner.
JANE NASH. There were some things of mine in the house that evening, but I had not seen them for three weeks or a month - these are them.


                  GEORGE 
                  BOWER
               



            . I saw the prisoner on the 16th of October, with a copper on his head, in Gray's Inn-lane - I asked where he got it; he said from No. 12, Tottenham-street - I was not satisfied, and left him with my brother officer; I went to the place he stated, and found it was not true; my brother officer found the other things on him; I fitted the copper in the house - it fitted exactly.


                  GEORGE 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I was with Bower. I found these other articles on the prisoner, four picklock-keys, a phosphorus-box, and a screw-driver - they were all in his pockets.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Way - he is a grocer. I open and shut the house in question; I went on the morning of the 16th of October, and found the door half open; I went in and found no one - I went and told Mrs. Roe - we went in, and missed the articles.
Prisoner's Defence. I met a person in Rupert-street, who asked me to carry this copper over the water for him- the other things he said he brought from a lodging in Tottenham-street; I do not know the number - I thought it was 12.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
