





338. 
               
                  MARY 
                  BOSWELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of October, two shifts, value 2 l.; a tablecloth, value 5 s.; a spoon, value 10 s.; a decanter, value 10 s.; two sheets, value 10 s.; a gown, value 10 s.; two shirts, value 10 s.; a coat, value 2 l.; a pair of trowsers, value 30 s.; anopera glass, value 1 l.; a nutmeg-grater, value 10 s., and a piece of Foreign gold coin, value 3 l., the goods of 
                     
                        Matilda 
                        Townsend
                     




                  , to whom she was servant, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Sophia 
                        Liggins
                     



                  , widow
            .
MATILDA TOWNSEND. I live in Craven-street, Fitzroy-square


, and am single
. The prisoner lived in my service for seven months - I never gave her authority to pawn these articles - here is a gold doubloon, a nutmeg-grater, a decanter, an opera glass, two shifts, a tablecloth, and other things - they were locked up in boxes in the garret, where the prisoner slept; I live on the first floor. Mrs. Liggins keeps the house - I cannot tell her Christian name - I left home the beginning of June, and returned the first week in August.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not on your going into the country leave me one sovereign, and tell me if I wanted more, to pawn those things you least wanted, and you left me the keys of your boxes? A. No; I left her board wages sufficient for her living. I have paid some bills since, which she has run up while I was gone; I was not quite five weeks gone - she had 2 s. 6 d. a week, and the use of my furniture; she appeared to be perfectly satisfied with what I left her. I have paid 1 l. for some coals she had in while I was gone.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STUBBINGS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Tottenham Court-road. The prisoner pawned this shirt and frock on the 31st of July, for 5 s. - the gown was pawned on the 3d of August, for 1 s. 6 d. Here is a suit of clothes, and shirt, pawned on the 24th of August, a shirt on the 11th of September, an opera glass on the 7th of September, for 6 s., and a decanter on the 11th of October, for 3 s. - they were all pawned by the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MURDOCH
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 30th of October - I took her to Marlborough-street, and left her there till the prosecutrix came; she asked me to let her go to get some beer, and she got away - she was not taken till the 5th of December. These duplicates were found upon her.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that the prosecutrix had desired her to pledge property if she was in want of money during her absence.
Prisoner to MATILDA TOWNSEND. Q. Were you not compelled to part with some things when you returned to town? A. Certainly I was, but not the articles stated in the indictment. The prisoner had pawned the chain which is round my neck, for 4 l. - I was obliged to pawn another chain for 6 l., and I took this out again; she never gave me the 4 l. which she had pawned the chain for.
GUILTY. Aged 28.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
