






Before Mr. Justice Park.
1355. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MEE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     FOSTER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, a timepiece, value 35 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Monk
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MONK
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Monk
               



            , who is a cabinet-maker
, and lives in Church-street, Hackney


. On the 29th of September, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I was in the parlour behind the shop, and saw Mee going out of the shop with the timepiece under his arm. I ran out, and called Stop thief! and saw him going up the church steps. I lost sight of him, but saw the time-piece laying in the church-yard - I picked it up - the prisoner was secured. I did not see Foster.


                  JOHN 
                  CHARLES GARVA
               



            . I heard an alarm, and saw Mee running, with something under his arm. I stopped him - he had dropped it by that time. I saw Foster join him in the Church-yard, about ten yards from Monk's shop - he ran with him - they kept close together. I then saw Foster throw the time-piece down - I had not seen Mee give it to him - he got out of my sight, but Mee never was. I am positive Foster threw it down.


                  WILLIAM 
                  OGAN
               



            . I am a shoemaker. On the 29th of September, about half-past three o'clock, I heard an alarm, and ran into the church-yard. I saw Foster throw the time-piece down - I am certain of him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MEE'S Defence. Written. I took a walk towards Epping, fell asleep in a field, and on returning, met a man, heard a cry of Stop thief! ran with a woman, and a boy said I was one of the gang, and he had me taken. Daltry and Foster, who are now in custody, are the persons.

MRS. MONK. I am certain Mee is the man, who ran out with it.
MEE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
FOSTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
