





1752. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     WALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of September
, 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 7 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Camm
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CAMM
               



            . On the 8th of September I was in Wentworth-street, Whitechapel


, a little before twelve o'clock at night; I saw the prisoner: she came and took hold of my arm, and wanted me to go in doors with her, three or four times - I resisted; she then came in front of me, and took from my pocket my purse, containing one sovereign, one half-sovereign, seven shillings, and a sixpence; she ran away, and I followed close after her, till the watchman took her - I never lost sight of her. The night constable found the property in the watch-house.
Prisoner. You pushed against me twice, you was so much in liquor; I put my hand against you, to keep you from falling, and when the watchman came up he asked you if you had lost any thing. Witness. No - I deny all that.



                  PETER 
                  LUMLEY
               



            . I am a watchman. I stopped the prisoner, and took her to the watch-house; she had nothing on her, but I saw something laying on the ground; she had thrown some money away before she got to the watch-house - there was a sixpence of it picked up.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GREEN
               



            . I was in Wentworth-street last Saturday - Lumley called me to assist him to the watch-house with the prisoner - and on going along she threw something away; I stopped, and found this one sixpence.


                  JOHN 
                  DUNGATE
               



            . I am a watch-house keeper. I found this purse facing our table in the watch-house, under where the prisoner had stood; here is one sovereign, one shilling, and one sixpence in it, and from her person fell five penny pieces.


                  THOMAS 
                  CAMM
               



            . I know this purse to be mine, and here is a memorandum in it.
Prisoner's Defence. I had a sixpence and eleven pence in my hand; they knocked it out of my hand. The watch-house keeper got up to take the candle; he lifted up the flap of the table, and found the purse nearer to the prosecutor than where I was. The prosecutor was so much in liquor that he could not stand up to give the charge, and he said he had just left two other women.


                  PETER 
                  LUMLEY
               



            . No, he did not, upon my oath.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
