





2147. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  MALONEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of September
, 1 sovereign, 2 half-crowns, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        William 
                        Isherwood
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM ISHERWOOD. On the 18th of September, I was coming down Regent-street, and stopped to see some young men behind me; they charged the watchman with me - I was taken to the watch-house


; about eleven o'clock at night I found the prisoner there - I sat close to him; I had one sovereign, two half-crowns, two shillings, and one sixpence at that time - I went to sleep for an hour or an hour and a half; when I awoke and missed my money, I challenged them all with it - the prisoner and all denied it; I told the watch-house-keeper of it, and said I should like to have the prisoner searched - he took them up stairs, and searched them all; I was searched first, and I had no money, and then the others, and they had none, but the prisoner showed two shillings - they said that was all they could find; I had had one sovereign in my right-hand pocket, and the silver in my left-hand pocket; I had a purse, and that was taken from me, but the sovereign was not in it; we then went to the office, and had 1s. a piece to pay - I had not one, and I told the officer that I thought it very hard that I should have to pay 1s., when I had lost my money; he said "Who do you suspect?" I said the prisoner - he then went and searched the prisoner's coat, which he was mending - but he could not find any money; he then searched him, and pulled the money out of his watch-pocket - I had told the officer what money it was.
Prisoner. Q. He first said it was in a steel purse? A. No, I did not.
COURT. Q. You said, "I had a sovereign in a purse, in one of my breeches pockets?" A. No - I did not say it was in the purse; the purse was in the same pocket - I said a sovereign and a purse.
Prisoner. Let the money be brought forward, and if there is any mark on it, let it be his; I know it is mine- I got 25s. from my master, and put it into my fob pocket; I had 4s. 6d. before, and that they found on me - he said he had his money when he was standing by a lamppost in Bond-street; he charged the two watchmen first about it. Witness. No, I did not; I asked them about it - I am certain I had it when I went to the watch-house; the prisoner said he had no money but 2s., and he told the Magistrate he sold a hat the night before for the money; I had no mark on my money.


                  EDMUND 
                  PEPPER
               



            . I am gaoler at Marlborough-street. The witness and prisoner came to the office, and the charge was heard; the witness then had to pay 1s. for his discharge - he had not got it, and I was ordered to detain him; in going down he said, "It is very hard I should have to pay 1s. for my discharge, when I have been robbed of a sovereign, two half-crowns, two shillings and a sixpence;" I said, "Did you tell the people at the watch-house?" he said Yes, and they had searched every body, and could not find it; he then said he suspected the Irishman I had just locked up; I called the prisoner and said, "This young man says you have robbed him; Do you know any thing about it?" he said No; I said,"I will search you;" he began to pinch my toes - I said,"That won't do - I shall search you;" I took this money out of his fob-pocket - it corresponds with what the prosecutor says; the prisoner said he received it from his master a fortnight before.
Prisoner's Defence. I had but 4s. 6d. that night, and I had paid 6d. for my breakfast; I then had two shillings, two sixpences, and some halfpence in my pocket; my sister came to the place where I was, and I told her to go to my master, who would come and speak for me - he could not come, but he sent 25s., which I put into my pocket; my master has been here, but he was obliged to go - his name is Benman, and there is a young man in Court who he accused before me; the watch-house-keeper could not find any thing on me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
