





197. 
               
                  THOMAS FORD


               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
, a wrapper, value 1 s., and twenty-three counterpanes, value 12 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Lainson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Lainson
                  



               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  LAINSON
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  John 
                  Lainson
               



            . We are Manchester Warehousemen

, and live in Bread-street. I can only speak to the property.


                  CHARLES 
                  HURDSFIELD
               



            . I am a constable. On Monday, the 16th of December, at five o'clock in the afternoon, I was passing down Watling-street and, saw five or six persons together - I believe the prisoner was one of them; I watched them, and saw them turn up Bread-street, part of them stopped at the corner in Watling-street, the rest went up Star-court


, and as I passed the court, I heard some of them say,
"I think this is the knife that will cut" - I went into Mr. Lainson's, at the corner of the court, and saw one of the porters, he and another porter went out, and as we came to the door, a man whom I believe to be the prisoner, had the bale on his back, another man was in his company looking back, I collared him, and said to the porters,
"Lay hold of him," and the man who had the bale, threw it down; I held the companion, and called Stop thief. The prisoner turned the corner, I lost sight of him. I secured the bale, which contained twenty-three counterpanes; it was taken from the lobby of the door; the prisoner was secured in a few minutes.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What became of the other - A. He was discharged, as I could not swear that he was one of them.


                  THOMAS 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am porter to Messrs. Lainson's. I was inside the door when the officers came. I followed him out, and saw the prisoner with the bale on his back at the corner of Watling-street, which is ten or twelve yards from our door; the officer was securing another man. I was close to the prisoner when he dropped the bale - he turned the corner, and I followed him, crying Stop thief! I never lost sight of him, he ran about twenty yards, when somebody knocked him down. I am certain he is the man who dropped the bale - he was given in charge; the bale had been left by the carrier about half an hour before; it was taken from the door in Bread-street.
Cross-examined. Q. Whether it was given him to carry or not, you do not know - A. I know it was safe a minute before; he said nothing about how he got it,
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  HENRY 
                  BLUNDELL
               



            . I am porter to the prosecutor. I saw the prisoner about three yards from the door, with the bale on his back - I went after him, he dropped it about twenty yards off. I did not lose sight of him till he was taken; somebody knocked him down.
Cross-examined. Q. He was very near another man, was he not - A. Several people were passing - he threw it down, and ran away.
Prisoner's Defence. I heard the cry of Stop thief! seeing the people running, I turned; somebody struck and knocked me down - but I was never near the house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
