






FIFTH DAY, MONDAY, FEBRUARY 19.
392. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     RILEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BAYS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of January
, two mahogany frames, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William Stedman 
                     Ritchie
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  STEDMAN RITCHIE
               



            . I am a window blind maker
, and live in Tabernacle Walk


. On the 24th of January, a little before five o'clock, I placed two blinds in the centre of the shop. I went out; and just before nine o'clock, a person called to know if I had lost any blinds: I missed them, and found the prisoners at Dinne's shop with them. I knew Bayes before.


                  MARY 
                  DINNE
               



            . The prisoner Bayes came to my father's house, at Hackney, about a quarter before nine o'clock, and offered the frames for sale; he said, he bought them at Petticoat-lane, for 9 d. I sent to my father, who ordered them to be returned, as he considered them stolen. Riley was then looking in at the door; and as soon as my father said that, he went away. My father told Bayes to stop, but he ran away, saying, he would fetch his father. In three or four minutes he brought Riley in, who he said was his brother - in the meantime, my father had sent for Mr. Ritchie, who claimed them.


                  AMELIA 
                  POWELL
               



            . About half-past six o'clock, I saw the prisoners standing at Ritchie's shop-window; I was was putting the shutters up. Bayes came in and asked the time - I said, I did not know. I went into the passage for another shutter; when I returned, they were gone.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
RILEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Judgment Respited
            .
BAYS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 11.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
