





1661. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  LIPSCOMBE
               




             was indicted for that he, on the 23d of June, 1828, was convicted at Hammersmith, before Luke Thomas Flood, Esq. one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, for that the said Thomas Lipscombe did, on the 18th of June, in the year aforesaid, at Fulham, unlawfully steal a vegetable production,(to wit) 14 roots, called lettnce, value 8d., the property of Henry Adam, then growing in a certain garden there situate; against the Statute, &c.: and the said Luke Thomas Flood did adjudge the said Thomas Lipscombe, for his said offence, to be imprisoned in the House of Correction at Clerkenwell, and there to be kept to hard labour for one calendar month, and that he, having been so convicted, afterwards, (to wit) on the 29th day of August
, in the year aforesaid, at Hammersmith, 


               feloniously did steal certain fruit, (to wit) 2 bushels of apples, value 15s.; 7 dozens of peaches, value 35s., and 2 pecks of pears, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Aylesbury
                     




                  , and there growing in a certain garden there situate
            , and belonging to the said George Aylesbury; against the Statute, &c.
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVEY
               



            . I am a watchman, of North-end, Fulham. On the 30th of August, just after four o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner at North-end, with a barrow loaded with two sacks and a basket; I asked him if he was going to market - he said No; I asked what the sack contained, he said half a bushel of onions and two bushels of potatoes: he left me, and in consequence of what my fellow-watchman Jenkinson said, I placed myself in the road, where I thought the prisoner would pass - he came that way; I asked him about the sacks, he said he had a few potatoes; Jenkinson came up; we searched the sacks, and they contained apples and pears, no onions nor potatoes; there was upwards of seven dozen peaches in the barrow - he was about a half a mile from Aylesbury's premises.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a constable of Hammersmith. On the 30th of August. I saw the prisoner in custody; I took off his shoes and went to Mr. Aylesbury's garden, and saw footmarks just under the peach and appletrees; I compared the shoes with the footmarks, they corresponded exactly: next morning I got the peach stems from Mr. Aylesbury, and compared them with the parts of the tree; the fruit appeared to be knocked off, and it corresponded; I have one here.
COURT. Q. Were there nails in the shoes? A. No; they were wornall on one side; they corresponded exactly.


                  GEORGE 
                  AYLESBURY
               



            . I am a market-gardener
, and live at North-end, Fulham. On Friday evening, the 29th of August, I walked about my garden previous to going to bed, and left all safe: on getting up next morning I missed pears, apples and peaches - I missed about the same quantity as were found on the prisoner, as near as I can guess, and the same kind of fruit; the peaches were compared with my trees - there were about two bushels of apples and half a bushel of pears, besides the peaches.


                  THOMAS 
                  HACKMAN
               



            . I have a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, which I got from Mr. Selby, the clerk of the Records, I and the clerk compared it with the record. -(Read, see indictment.)
Prisoner's Defence. I attend Paddington-market, and take my goods home; I go round on Saturday, and sell them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 56.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
