





First London Jury - before Mr. Recorder.
1109. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WATT
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  FORSYTH
               



            . I am a draper, and live at Birmingham; I deal with Messrs. Morrison and Co. On the 3d of August
 last I bought some goods of them for which I paid the prisoner in their counting-house - I paid him a banker's bill for 200l. and 35l. 6s. 5d. in cash; this is the bill I paid him, (looking at it) here is the invoice - I saw the prisoner write this; the discount is deducted - the actual sum I paid him was 232l. 7s. 6d. I paid it to him as the servant of Morrison and Co.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. Not to my knowledge; I have not seen him since, till to-day; I might pass him in the street without noticing him, but I know him at the bar - I was not more than three minutes paying him the money; he had his hat off - I have not the least doubt of him.
Q. Do you mean to swear the person to whom you gave the paper did not take it to the desk for somebody else to write on it? A. No - I am certain I saw him write it himself, when I paid him the money - he wrotethis memorandum on the bill, with his own hand; when I paid him the money I was close to him.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DILLON
               



            , I am in partnership with 
               
                  James 
                  Morrison
               



             and 
               
                  Richard 
                  Pearson
               



             - we carry on business in Fore-street, City


, as wholesale haberdashers, mercers, and warehousemen


, and have one hundred and fifty or one hundred and sixty persons in our employ - our returns are more than a million in a year. The prisoner was in out employ up to the 3d of August, and beyond that; it was his duty to receive money
 for us, which he was immediately to enter in the cash received book - that would be the only mode by which we could ascertain that he had received money - here is the cash received book of August last; there is not entry of this sum received by the prisoner, from Mr. Forsyth, on the 3d of August. I have examined the book most carefully, and repeatedly, and it is not entered: I have not carried my examination personally further than the 3d of August; we balance our books daily - there is no such entry in any other book, and he never accounted for the money; that I have ascertained.
Q. Have you another book called a ledger? A. We have; the prisoner had no business whatever to write in the ledger; I am bound to add, he was at other times, during a press of business, allowed to enter in the ledger, but not at this time, and it was not his duty: he was never allowed to do it except when specially appointed; one side of the ledger is a copy from the cash received book - there are no original entries in it; I find, that in our ready money ledger, Mr. Forsyth is charged with goods, 182l. 2s. 8d., and 48l. 3s. 3d.; those charges are in the hand-writing of the original posting clerk, and there is on the credit side an entry in the prisoner's writing, "3d of August, 210," which purports to be the number of a bill - "77," denoting the folio; the entry is posted from the cash received book, but there is no such entry in that book; the next item is 2l. 17s. 11d. interest, then 228l., importing that that sum had been posted from folio 77 of the cash received book; the 228l. odd, added to 2l. 17s. 11d., balances the sums of 182l. 8s. and 48l. 3s. 3d. - the bill should have been marked 210, and given over to me, but it was never done; the account is closed in the ledger by this entry, and we should never have thought of applying for the money - but the entry is altogether a deception; it is a fictitious entry. The account produced by Mr. Forsyth is in the prisoner's hand-writing; he left our service on the 2d of January, this year; we had not then discovered the transaction; if we had known of Mr. Forsyth having had these goods, we should have applied for the money within a month, he being a ready money customer. The prisoner went from our employ to Mr. Ellis, of Ludgate-street; we afterwards made a discovery, but not of this transaction - I went to Mr. Ellis', with Mr. Ashurst, our solicitor, on the 9th or 10th of March - I saw the prisoner there, and said to him, "There are some entries in the books, made by you, which we cannot understand; I wish you to go with us and explain them" - his answers were confused; I cannot give them, except that he asked to go to get his hat, in great agitation of manner - he said, "Let me go and get my hat;" we said we must go with him - he made a motion to go to the door at which we had entered, but suddenly turned to a French glass door, forced it open violently, ran across some leads into another house belonging to Mr. Ellis; we followed him, crying, "Stop, Watt - Stop thief!" he escaped out of a back door; I did not see him again till he was in custody, about a month ago.
Q. Look at the endorsement on this bill of exchange, and tell me whose hand-writing it is? A. It is endorsed by Mr. Forsyth, and this receipt, "August 4, 1827, received the contents, 
               
                  William 
                  Watt
               



            ," is in the prisoner's writing; the bill is for 200l. on the Cardiff Bank, at thirty-five days' date, payable at Messrs. Glyn's bank, London - here is a letter which came into my possession in consequence of my writing to Mr. Symer, a banker, of Dundee - he is agent for the British Banking Company, for Dundee - the letter is all in the prisoner's hand-writing, the figures and all.


                  JOHN 
                  LUKEY
               



            . I am a clerk to Messrs. Glyn and Co. This Cardiff Bank bill was brought to our house for payment - I paid it with a 200l. Bank note, No. 9529, dated the 9th of July, 1827; here is the book with the entry, in my own hand-writing.(Letter read.)
To Mr. Symer, Dundee. - August 6th, 106, Fore-street.
SIR, - The enclosed also place to my credit with the British Linen Company - is it meant by your letter that no money deposited in your bank can be withdrawn by means of a cheque? I am led to put this question from your request that I send a receipt endorsed, when money is required. I may not withdraw the whole at once, it may be part; if any respectable party were presenting a cheque for payment from me, would it be dishonoured? I regret giving you trouble by such inquiries, but am compelled to do so, from ignorance of the system adopted by your bank. Oblige me by advising of the receipt, as under. Yours, respectfully, WM. WATT.
N. B. I shall desire a gentleman to call and pay 2s. 5d. postage of the last remittance, which I ommitted to pay.
200l. No. 9529 - 20l. No. 1735. - Total 220l.
MR. DILLON. The figures, and all this letter are his writing.
Cross-examined. Q. Nothing passed at Ellis' about this transaction? A. No; the ledger is posted by a young man named Wilkins; we can refer to it at any time, and cheque it by the cash book, if we chose. The prisoner very seldom made an entry in the ledger; I cannot find the hand-writing of any other clerk in it, except the one who kept it - we only keep one cash received book, but have several ledgers. Boon and Slater are in our employ; it is not the business of either of them to make entries in the ledger - I am certain Boon never did - it is barely possible that Slater might; the number 210 is merely to distinguish that it was a bill and not cash; the whole sum is entered as 228l., not 232l.; I can explain that - Mr. Forsyth made a separate purchase, which came to 4l. 8s. 6d., and that is the next entry. The prisoner received money, and Slater also. The prisoner was never employed as an entering clerk.
Q. Suppose these entries were made by one person, the clerk who came next would see them? A. Why, the clerk who enters in the book has a great deal to do, and would attend to nothing but what he was about; he certainly ought to have been sharp enough to discover the entry.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Is it your practice to look into that ledger often? A. No; we look into the cash received book - if we find the money posted in the ledger we conclude all is right.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. Can you say positively, from your recollection, that this bill was not paid to you? A. Not from my recollection, but from the course of our business, I say decidedly not - we have no entry of it except this fictitious one in the ledger: if it had been in the cashbook it would have been regular - the person posting the ledger has the cash-book at his side; it is not called over by one, and entered by another.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. If that payment had been entered in the book, should you not have discovered it? A. Yes; if it had been entered there and not brought to account I should have discovered it that day, the cash would have been wrong; this entry could not be made by mistake, for he has put the folio from which it purports to be brought, and no such entry is in that folio. I am positive this 200l. bill has never passed through our hands, it has none of our marks on it whatever.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am a City officer. I made search in London for the prisoner, and in consequence of information I went to Edinburgh on the 26th of April and found him there, at ten o'clock on Sunday night the 27th I was waiting the arrival of a smack and took him near St. Andrew's-square; he then had on a pair of mustachios; I went in front of him and seized him by the throat; we had a struggle and both fell - some person came up to my assistance and secured him. He answered to the name of Watt, and gave me up everything he had about him - I found this paper on him.
MR. DILLON. This is in the prisoner's hand-writing -(read.)
To Mrs. Williams, Post Office - to be called for.
MY DEAR CAROLINE. - Be careful, at Stall's,121, Rose-street. To prevent watching go into several houses and ask after furnished lodgings, and you will see if any one is coming after you. - I am, your affectionate husband WILLIAMS.
Prisoner. I do not conceive it necessary to say any thing to the charge, it may go to the Jury as it is.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
