






NEW COURT.
(5th Day.)
Middlesex Cases, Third Jury, Before Mr. Recorder.
1436. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HAYNES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, five frocks, value 25 s., four gowns, value 10 s., and a brass cock, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William Gerrald 
                     Leifchild
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  William 
                  Gerrald Leifchild
               



            , who lives in Baker-street, Enfield


. On the 19th of October I hung some linen to dry on the grass plot at the bottom of the garden; I forgot to take them in before I went to bed, and at six o'clock in the morning they were all gone. The garden is about two hundred yards from the road, but there is a gate leading from a field to the garden, I found some of the linen at the office.


                  JAMES 
                  CLARK
               



            , I am constable of Hackney. On the 20th of October, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, I was by the Cock and Castle, public-house, Kingsland-road, about eight miles from the prosecutor's, and met the prisoners together, with each a bundle; I asked what they had got there - Haynes said it was some old things which they had bought in the country; Smith said,
"Put them down, and let him see what they are." I examined them - the first bundle contained some wet towels. I asked if they bought such things for old things - they said Yes, they did. I said I should detain them on suspicion of not coming by them rightly, and took them tothe watch-house. The other bundle contained a copper, with some frocks and gowns.


                  GEORGE 
                  BUTTERFORTH
               



            . I am a constable. Clark delivered the property to me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
HAYNES'S Defence. It was the other prisoner who put the first bundle down.
HAYNES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
