






208. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  TURNER
               




             and 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     HOGAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of December
, 3 coats, value 5l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Howard
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I keep a livery-stable
 in Jermyn-street, St. James'


. These coats were in a coach-house at the bottom of my yard, on the 2nd of December; I had seen them safe ten minutes before they were taken - I was in the counting-house, and heard Stop thief! called; I went out, found my yard thronged, andTurner in custody - we then went to the watch-house; the other prisoner was there, and these coats were produced, they belong to different gentlemen, and were in my care.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILTSHIRE
               



            . I am ostler at this place. I put these coats into a gig at ten minutes after four o'clock; in a few minutes there was a cry, and the prisoners were taken.


                  FREDERICK 
                  MANAFIELD
               



            . I was in Jermyn-street, and saw four or five ill-looking fellows about the prosecutor's yard; Turner was one of them - he and another went down the yard, went to the gig, and took out three coats; when they came to the top, one of them had two coats, and the other had one - the man who had two, said to the men at the top, "Come, take one;" I ran, and told my father - he ran out, and I cried Stop thief! I cannot say who had the two coats, whether it was Hogan or not.
Prisoner Hogan. When I came to the watch-house. he said he knew nothing about me. Witness. I say so now - I do not know who it was; I picked up one coat.


                  GEORGE 
                  DUCKETT
               



            . I have one coat, which I picked up in the street, after I had taken Turner, and given him to my serjeant; it was dropped by a man who made his escape.


                  CHARLES 
                  BRINSDON
               



            . I have one coat delivered to me by the witness; I saw Turner running up Air-street, and a mob after him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LONDON
               



            . I was on my beat, in Leicester-square, and met Hogan with this coat under his arm, at a quarter-past four o'clock on Wednesday last - he was walking; I challenged him - he at first said it was his own, and then that he found it.
Hogan's Defence. I saw it on the step of a door in the Haymarket; this witness said, "Come along with me -I thought it would be d - d odd if I did not have one for the Sessions as well as another," and he took me to the watch-house.
Turner's Defence. I was walking down Jermyn-street; I went into the yard, and saw a boy with two coats - I ran up the street, and was taken.
TURNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
HOGAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
