





First London Jury - before Mr. Recorder.
1963. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Finacune
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM FINACUNE. I am a gentleman's servant
, but am at present out of place; I live in Great Mary-le-bone-street. On the 23d of September, between twelve and one o'clock in the day, I was coming from Holborn to Cheapside - I used my handkerchief on Holborn-hill; it was in my right-hand coat pocket: I was in Newgate-street when the officer gave me information - I missed it; I had not noticed any body near me, nor felt it taken; Herdsfield took me back to a shop, where I remained about ten minutes - he then fetched me to the Compter, where I saw the prisoner with it; I am quite certain it is mine; it was marked M., which was my wife's initial.
CHARLES HERDSFIELD. I am a City officer. About one o'clock I was coming along Snow-hill


; I saw the prisoner and two others following close behind the prosecutor - I watched them, and opposite Warwick-lane there was an obstruction in the street, with the carts, as they were repairing Ludgate-street; and during this time I lost sight of them; they had been close to the prosecutor all the time - I stood still; the carts went on, and I saw the three turn round, and go back in a contrary direction to that they were going before, towards Snow-hill; I stepped up, and asked the prosecutor if he had lost any thing - he felt, and missed his handkerchief; I told him to wait in a shop while I went after them: I did not know the prisoner before - he was in my sight two or three minutes; I cannot have mistaken him; I saw him going, and followed them down Snow-hill; I desired Scourfield to lay hold of him while I followed the others; I took one of them in Fleet-market, and upon my return I found the prisoner in his custody.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not see me pick the handkerchief up in Warwick-lane? A. Never.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SCOURFIELD
               



            . I am a turnkey of Giltspur-street Compter. I was asked to walk down Snow-hill with Herdsfield; I saw the prisoner with two others in company - I crossed over, met the prisoner alone, and took him to the Compter; while I was searching him he put his hand into his breeches pocket, produced the handkerchief, and said he did not think I had seen him pick any body's pocket - the prosecutor came in with Herdsfield, and claimed it;Herdsfield went after the others, and brought one of them to the Compter.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from Cheapside, and at the corner of Newgate-street I saw the handkerchief on the ground, and took it up; when I got further the two persons came and said it was their's - I asked them to describe it; they said it was a black Belcher; I said it was not, and I should not give it to them - they turned round, said, "Here is Charley," and left me; Herdsfield took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
