





Before Mr. Baron Hullock.
901. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  BUCKLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of April
, 67 yards of sheeting, value 45s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Brown
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JAMES 
                  LILL
               



            . I am an officer of the Thames Police. On Saturday, the 29th of April, at half-past ten o'clock at night, I saw the prisoner, in company with two men, in Chapel-street, St. George's East; the prisoner had a roll of sheeting across his shoulder - one of the men walked by his side, and the other rather a head; I had seen the prisoner before, but did not know much about him; I went up, and heard the one who walked by his side, call out to the one a head by the name of Sam, and that person replied,"We will take it to Albion-street;" I went up to the prisoner, and asked what he had got there; he said what was that to me; I told him I was an officer, and it was my duty to know, and asked where he got it - he said a man had given it to him to carry; I asked where the man was - he said he did not know; I asked where the man gave it to him - he said he did not know; the others ran away - I took him to the watch-house. He let the sheeting fall when I first took him - I took it up, and gave it to Little.


                  JOHN 
                  LITTLE
               



            . I am a Thames Police officer. I received a roll of sheeting from Lill, and produce it - I have had it ever since.


                  GEORGE 
                  NEWMHAN
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. John Brown, a linen-draper
, who lives in High-street, Shadwell


. On the night in question two or three persons called out that two men had run off with a roll of sheeting, which stood about three feet inside the door - a person must put his arm in to reach it. Two of us ran out, but saw nobody; I missed the sheeting - that produced is the same - I know it by this ticket, which I had put in myself, and saw in it that morning; it could not be taken off without unrolling the whole; there are sixty-seven yards and a half; it cost 8d. a yard, I should think.

Prisoner's Defence. A man gave it me to carry, and the moment the officer came he started off.




               GUILTY. Aged 20. Of stealing to the value of 39s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
