





140. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     INWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of November
, 8 live pigs, price 8l.
            , the property of 
               
                  Smith Henry 
                  Bigg
               




            .
MR. ESPANIZE conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM HALFACRE. I am in the service of Mr. Bigg, of Harrow


 - he had eight pigs. On the evening of the 2nd of November, about six o'clock, I locked them up - about six o'clock the next morning I found the sty had been broken open, and they were all gone; I saw them afterwards at Brentford market, which is about seven miles from Sunbury - I think it was about ten or eleven o'clock; there was no person with them - I had seen the prisoner on the Sunday at Sunbury; the pigs were lost on Monday night, or early on Tuesday morning.
GEORGE HALFACRE. On the 3rd of November I went to Brentford market with 
               
                  William 
                  White
               



            , and saw Mr. Bigg's pigs; we found the prisoner in Gunsbury-lane, Ealing - he said he had been hired to drive the pigs, that he had sold them, and was going away; he said the man, who hired him, was gone, but he did not know where - that he had brought the pigs from Willesden-green; he said, "Don't hurt me."
WILLIAM WHITE. I was at Brentford market, and saw the prisoner there - I helped him to put eight pigs into the pen; they remained there till a man came - he offered him three of them for 15s., the man thought he had not come by them honestly.
COURT. Q. What was the weight of the pigs? A.Some of them, I suppose, was seven stones - he dealt with them as if they were his own.
MR. ESPANIZE. Q. What did the prisoner say? A. He said he could show the man he brought them from, and the gentleman and he went away together - after a little while the witness came and owned them; he and I went and caught the prisoner - he said, "You can't hurt me, as you have got your pigs;" he said nothing else.


                  THOMAS 
                  FISHLOCK
               



            . I saw the prisoner with the pigs; he brought them there that morning.
SMITH HENRY BIGG. The pigs were my property.
Prisoner's Defence. I was hired to drive them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
