






1898. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  KNIGHT
               




             and 
               
                  SARAH 
                  HAWKINS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of August
, 3 silver spoons, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Goodeve
               




            .
GEORGE GOODEVE. I live in China-walk, Chelsea


, and sell fruit
. I lost three silver spoons from my back room behind my shop, between ten and one o'clock - they had been in use at breakfast time, and at dinner time we missed them; they were two tea-spoons and one salt-spoon- I went to the constable - Knight was taken the same day; I had seen his brother before.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am constable. I took up Sage and the two prisoners - I traced the property to the pawnbroker.


                  GEORGE 
                  HUGHSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I produce two tea-spoons and a salt-spoon, pawned with me by Knight; he offered them - I rather suspected him, and he said he would fetch his mother; he went and fetched Hawkins, who said they had been left her by her brother - this was on the 2d of August, between eleven and twelve o'clock.(Property produced and sworn to.)
HAWKINS' Defence. I will tell the truth about them - I had been up Piccadilly to help a woman to a coach; she gave me a shilling, and I returned and met Knight, who said that young Sage had given him these spoons to get some money; and the gentleman would not take them without some one went to speak for them, and I went - I know nothing about them; Sage was outside the door, he sent him with the spoons, and said they were for his master; the spoons had been there two or three hours before I went.
KNIGHT's Defence. I was at work, picking potatoes, and Sage said "I have three spoons of my masters;" I asked who his master was - he would not tell me, but he asked me to go and pawn them; I did so - they would not take them of me; I came out, and saw my aunt passing by - I asked her to go and speak for me, which she did.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I have no doubt Sage was connected with them.
KNIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HAWKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 46.




               Confined Six Months
            .
