





571. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BAGNOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, 1 copper, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Colton
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I was moving from Battle-bridge to Islington


; this copper was taken out of the cart to go into the house - I saw it safe about three feet from the house; I can swear to it as mine by the mark inside.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CAVE
               



            . I had some workmen repairing my house - they told me three suspicious characters were walking up and down; I watched them, and saw the prisoner, (who was one of them) stop at the prosecutor's house - another went to a shop, and a third was standing at a window, as if to read something; I went in, and in two or three minutes my errand-boy told me a man had stolen a copper - I went out, and saw the prisoner running with it about a dozen yards from the prosecutor's; I ran after him, but he gained ground of me - I called Stop thief! he put down the copper, and ran faster; I called to a gentleman, who stopped him - I am certain he is the person I saw at the prosecutor's door, and when I was pursuing him he turned and looked at me several times; one of my workmen took up the copper.


                  JOHN 
                  MINTON
               



            . I ran out to assist Mr. Cave, and took up the copper, which the prisoner dropped.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BIRD
               



            . I saw the prisoner take the copper from the door.


                  THOMAS 
                  COPE
               



            . I was sent for, and took the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
