





770. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of May
, two seals, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Whitelock
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITELOCK
               



            . I am a seal-engraver
, and live in St. John's-square. On the 24th of May, about nine o'clock in the evening, I was in Barbican


, and found myself pushed about by a party, and on turning round these seals were taken out of my waistcoat pocket - I was taking them home, they were in a piece of paper. The party separated - the prisoner passed me, and went into a baker's shop. I cannot say he was one of the party. I went into the shop, and accused him of picking my pocket. He wanted to force his way out of the shop, I pushed him in, and said he should not go till he was searched; and in the act of pushing him in I saw him throw the parcel into the street; I jumped out and picked it up, it was my parcel. I laid hold of him - one of the party came and said he would assist me in taking him - I said
"You are an accomplice, and I shall not let him go." The prisoner then struck me, the men jumped on my arm, and wrenched him away from me - I followed and secured him without losing sight of him. He struck me and got away again; several of them rescued him - everybody was afraid to assist me. I dodged him round a cart and took him again, he was then secured. I never lost sight of him.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a mason, and live in Swallow's-gardens. I saw several people walking together behind the prosecutor, he said he had lost his property, and I saw the prisoner throw it away. He broke from the prosecutor, and was taken again. I was afraid to assist in taking him, but never lost sight of him.


                  JOHN 
                  KIRBY
               



            . I am a patrol. I saw the prosecutor very ill used by the prisoner; I took him in charge, he was rescued from me - I never lost sight of him. I took him into the Still, the landlord turned us out; he was rescued again, and again secured. He pinned me against a gate by my throat, and said
"D - n you, I will not be taken."


                  JOHN 
                  SERGEANT
               



            . I assisted in taking the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I am sure the gentleman is false.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
