





592. 
               
                  ALEXANDER 
                  WILLIAMSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of February
, 1 snuff-box, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        Jabez 
                        Benyon
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JABEZ BENYON, ESQ.
 I live in Gracechurch-street, and am a tobacconist
. On the 24th of February, about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon, I was returning from Guildhall, and near the Bank I used my snuff-box, and put it into my outside coat pocket - it was worth 30s. - I missed it when I got home - I went to the Mansion House and got Forrester, and at the top of Cornhill he beckoned to me - I followed and saw him take the prisoner into custody; I felt the outside of his pocket, and thought I felt a box, and mine was found in that pocket - there were two boys, but the prisoner had the box.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. How long after you missed it did you find him? A. About half an hour; I had not observed him about my person - I carry a handkerchief in my outside coat-pocket, but am not in the habit of carrying the box in the same pocket; I will not swear it was not in the same pocket - my outside pockets are pretty deep - I felt nobody at them.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am a constable. Mr. Benyon informed me of his loss - I walked up Cornhill with him, and saw the prisoner with another lad - I told Mr. Benyon to come with me, and make haste - the prisoner separated from the other - I caught hold of the other and gave him to Mr. Benyon, while I ran and caught the prisoner, and brought him back; Mr. Benyon felt his pocket - I put my hand into his smallclothes pocket, and found the box, which Mr. Benyon claimed; I asked how he came by it - he said a boy threw it down and he picked it up.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not see him take it? A. No. I know nothing of him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I merely picked it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Life
            .
