





564. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  ELLISON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of February
, 4 dozen of brushes, value 18s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Francis Holles 
                  Brandram
               




            , and others, his masters.
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLT
               



            . I am warehouseman to Francis Holles Brandram, who has three other partners; the prisoner has been in their employ since February, 1825. In consequence of information from Mr. Wright, I took stock of the brushes on the 31st of December last, and again on the 6th of February, which was the day after he was apprehended - I missed above 44 dozen of brushes - Wright and Dunnage supply us with brushes - I have often seen the prisoner leave the premises about seven o'clock in the evening; he always had, apparently, a great coat under his arm; I should not have suffered any other man to leave with a coat; but he was so strongly recommended I had no suspicion of him.


                  ROBERT 
                  DRAKE
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Clarke, pawnbroker, Old-street. I have frequently seen the prisoner - the first time was about the 2d of August - after he had pawned a quantity of brushes, I asked if they were his own; he said, Yes; and the name, S. Wright, which was on them, was his name - they were all pawned in that name. On the 5th of February, he came with a coat - I had given information to Mr. Wright, the maker, (and two officers were in attendance near my door) - the prisoner produced forty-eight brushes from an old coat,which was under his arm - I asked whose they were - he said, his own; that he lived at No. 10, Helmet-row - I said, "if they are your own you will not object to my calling there" - he said No - I said, "Will you wait while I go now" - he said No, "I am in a hurry" - the officers came in and took him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READ
               



            . I heard some of the conversation between Drake and the prisoner on the 5th of February - he has related it as I heard it - I apprehended the prisoner, and got the brushes; I afterwards went to Helmetrow - he said he lived at No. 4, and then No.10 - I went to both the places, and found he did not live at either; on going to the office he gave me another direction.
Prisoner. I said my residence was in Grub-street - I never said any thing about No. 4, Helmet-row.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KIRBY
               



            . I heard the prisoner say something about No. 10, Helmet-row; I went to 41, Grub-street, and found that to be his lodgings; this is an old coat I took from him, and it is in the same condition as when I got it - I have done nothing to it (the coat was much torn.)


                  RICHARD 
                  FRINNEBY
               



            . I am in the employ of Wright and Co., of Hatton-wall; Brandram and Co. deal with them - the brushes are all packed in dozens - these brushes are our manufacture; the maker's name is stamped upon them - we never send them out without - the different workmen have their own stamp; these are stamped by the maker - my master's stamp is in all these; we have them stamped by the different men to detect bad workmanship.
Prisoner. I have nothing to say - and throw myself on the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
