





404. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM HENRY 
                     LUNNON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of January
, one box, value 2 s.; four shirts, value 1 l.; six handkerchiefs, value 6 s., and one great coat, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Wardall
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  WARDALL
               



            . I am a painter
, and live in Old Gravel-lane. On the 7th of January the prisoner accompanied 
               
                  William 
                  Smart
               



             to my house with a cart load of wood. Smart said the prisoner came to shew him the way, and he was to shew him the way from my house to London Bridge, as well, for 6 d., which I paid him, with 3 d. for assisting to unload the cart, and gave him a pint of beer. I wrote them a list of places where they were to call for parcels, and delivered a box of linen into the cart from my own house. I have now got the direction I gave to them, and find that,
"Matthews, No. 23, Bethnal-green-road," has been added to it. The box contained the articles stated in the indictment.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMART
               



            . I am carrier from Southgate. The prisoner came to shew me the way; the box of linen was put into the cart by Wardall, and the prisoner brought me the direction in his hand, and said I was to go to Bethnal-green


; I could not read, but I said I thought I had been to all the places my master had told me. He said,
"If you can't read it, we will get somebody to read it," which he did; he then said,
"Go and fetch the things, and I will mind the cart." I said,
"No, you go, and I will mind the cart." He pretended to go after them, returned, and said he had seen the things, but the man would not let him have them, and I must go myself. I said we would take the horse and cart and both go, but he persuaded me to go alone. I left him in care of the cart, and when I got there I could find no such name or number. I came back, and found the prisoner and the box gone - he left the whip at a shop.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . The prisoner was given into my charge; I found nothing on him.
Prisoner's Defence. A man brought me the direction, and said another parcel was to be received - I gave it to Smart, The same man came and told me to follow him, and I left the cart.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
