





141. 
               
                  
                     JOHN COSGROVE 
                     MOSLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November
, one chest, value 3 s.; one handkerchief 1 s.; one bed, value 2 l.; three blankets, value 3 s.; two pillows, value 2 s.; five shirts, value 5 s.; three pair of trowsers, value 5 s.; five waistcoats, value 5 s.; two pair of drawers, value 2 s.; four pair of stockings, value 4 s.; one quadrant, value 12 s., and six books, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mark 
                     Tomkins
                  




               
            .


                  MARK 
                  TOMKINS
               



            . I am a mariner
, on board the Union, which lay in the Surrey Canal


. I left about six weeks before the 5th of November, leaving the prisoner, and my shirt and bedding on board, and went to Carrington-road. I told the boys belonging to the ship, that if an order came in my name, to give them up, but not otherwise. The prisoner was a mariner
 on board. On the 3d of November, I found they were gone. I found the prisoner with them on board a brig off the Tower. The clothes he had on, except his shirt, were mine; my bedding also was on board the same brig.


                  GEORGE 
                  SAVAGE
               



            . I am an apprentice on board the Union. The prisoner came on board the day before the goods were stolen, and dined with us. He left in the afternoon, I did not notice him take any thing - a waterman brought me an order for the prosecutor's chest, also his bedding, and I gave it him.


                  ANDREW 
                  KELLY
               



            . I am a waterman. At the latter end of October, the prisoner sent me over to the Surrey Canal to fetch his chest and hammock out of the ship Union. He gave me a written order, which I shewed to Savage, but did not leave it with him. They gave me the property, which I gave to him with the order at Bell Wharf.


                  THOMAS 
                  MUNDAY
               



            . On the 1st of November, the prisoner employed me to fetch the chest and hammock from No. 2, Love-lane. I brought it to Tower-stairs to him, and put them on board the Catharine with him.


                  JOHN 
                  MARRATT
               



            . I am an officer. I took him in charge with the clothes on his back.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I sent the order for my own things as I had left a frock there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
