





1035. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROWAN
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of May
, one pair of boots, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Fownes 
                     Luttrell
                  




               
            , Esq.




                  GEORGE 
                  LUXTON
               



            . I am a waiter at Limmert's Hotel. On the 24th of May, the prisoner came into the Hotel, which is at the corner of Conduit-street


, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon - I saw him in the room of the first floor, No. 23. 
               
                  John 
                  Fownes Luttrell
               



            , Esq. lodged at Nos. 23 and 25; No. 23 was his bed-room - I went in, and saw him standing with a pair of Mr. Luttrell's boots in his hands, by the drawers; he saw me, and directly dropped them - I did not touch him, he looked so respectable. I went down to fetch Mr. Renand, and as we were coming up stairs to look after him, he was coming down; we stopped him to know his business - he said he wanted to see Colonel 
               Hare
            ; we told him Colonel 
               Hare
             was gone out of town; he said he was a friend of Colonel Shaw's, and had frequently met him at Colonel Shaw's; we asked what he went into a gentleman's bed-room for; he said for a particular purpose, and we let him go. Upon examining the room we found the boots on the floor, but no appearance of his having been there for the purpose he stated.
Cross-examined. Q. The boots were not gone - A. No, but they were moved off the drawers, and put on the floor. I can swear the boots are Mr. Luttrell's, and know his Christian names, as they are entered in our ledger. He took the boots out of town, and sent them back when the prisoner was taken.


                  CHARLES 
                  RENAUD
               



            . I have the management of the Hotel. Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Fownes Luttrell
               



             lodged there. Luxton came and told me there was a strange man in Mr. Luttrell's room - in going up I met the prisoner, and asked what he wanted; he said Colonel 
               Hare
            ; I said he was out of town, and had been gone five or six days; he said he had met Colonel 
               Hare
             at Colonel Shaw's. I asked his name, he said Lientenant Rowan, of the same regiment. I told him he had been in a gentleman's room; he said he had - I asked why; he said for a necessary purpose. I said that was very improper, and if he had asked the waiter, he would have shewn him a proper place. The waiter had not told me about the boots, and I let him go - I went up to No. 23 immediately he was gone, and found he had not done as he said - I made further enquiry, and got a search warrant, which led to this prosecution.
Cross-examined. Q. The waiter did not tell you of the boots - A. Not till after he was gone. I found the boots in the middle of the floor.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went to see Colonel 
               Hare
            , and was told he had left town.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Holroyd.
