







1553. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  DUNER
               




            , 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  KEEFE
               




            , and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  ARMSTRONG
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Richard
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN RICHARD. I am a gentleman
. I was passing from the Strand


 to Craven-street, on the 3d of July, at a quarter-past nine o'clock at night; a gentleman tapped me on the shoulder, and said, "You have been robbed, and there are the thieves;" he caught hold of Duner and Keefe, put them into my hands, and ran after Armstrong, whom he secured; and as we went to the watch-house one of them dropped my handkerchief, which had been taken from my right-hand coat pocket.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ROBERT WELLS
               



            . I am watch-house-keeper of St. Martin's. I received the prisoners in charge with the handkerchief - I found nothing on them.


                  JOHN 
                  WEAL
               



            . I am a bookseller. I was in the Strand, and saw the three prisoners; they pressed very close against me: I suspected them, turned round, and let them pass; in a moment afterwards I saw one of them put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and take his handkerchief; I cannot say which took it, but am certain they were all acting in concert together; I immediately went up and collared Duner and Keefe; the prosecutor held them while I followed and took Armstrong; as they were going to the watch-house a gentleman at my side showed me the handkerchief on the ground, close behind them - I took it up.
KEEFE's Defence. I was a little before the gentleman - he caught hold of me.
DUNER's Defence. He said at the watch-house that I took the handkerchief.
JOHN WEAL. No; I said I thought it was him, and think so now, but will not swear it.
ARMSTRONG's Defence. I had been to my aunt's/.
DUNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
KEEFE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
ARMSTRONG - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.






               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
