





1516. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  ASPINSHAW
               




             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 17th of June
, a certain male child of the age of six years, named Christopher Douglass, son of 
                     
                        Christopher 
                        Douglass
                     




                  , the elder, feloniously and maliciously did decoy and entice away, with intent certain articles of apparel (to wit) 1 hat, value 3s., and 1 pinafore, value 1s. 6d., the goods and chattels of Christopher Douglass, the elder, upon and about the person of the said child, to steal, take, and carry away; against the Statute
            .
SECOND COUNT, for stealing the said goods.
CHRISTOPHER DOUGLASS. I am a carpenter
, and live at No. 5, Queen's-row, Hoxton. I have a little boy named Christopher: on the 17th of June, when I came home from my work, at half-past seven o'clock in the evening, he was missing - we inquired for him all night, and towards the morning I found him in Clerkenwell workhouse; he was without his hat and pinafore then.


                  JAMES 
                  PINKS
               



            . My father is a butcher, and lives in Queen's-row. I was playing with Christopher Douglass and some other boys, on some gravel-heaps, near our house - I saw the prisoner sitting on the hill, talking to Christopher Douglass, and he said if we would come down the road he would get us a bird's nest: we went up a new street, and he told Christopher Douglass and 
               
                  Charles 
                  Cluse
               



             to stop, and he staid with them while I went into a house; when I came out they were gone: when I left them Christopher Douglass had a white hat on, with a crape round it, and a brown Holland pinafore.
Prisoner. Q. When did you first observe me? A. I saw you on the gravel - you took us down the New North-road, and then to Cavendish-street; I went into the house, but no one else - it was an unfinished house; I got through the pales, and over a ditch - you did not wait till I came out; you did not offer to take anything from me.


                  AUGUSTUS 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I met the prisoner with Christopher Douglass, at the corner of Lisle-street, on the 17th of June, they took the road towards the Crown and Sceptre public-house; Cluse and Douglass were on the prisoner's righthand - I did not hear him say anything: Douglass had a hat and pinafore on.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DOUGLASS
               



            . I am the mother of Christopher Douglass - he is five years old; I sent him to school at three o'clock that day, with a white beaver hat and brown Holland pinafore on.


                  MARY 
                  DEWBERY
               



            . My husband is a carpenter. I saw the prisoner on the gravel, and the children were about him; he threw Douglass' hat down the gravel-heap, and sent Cluse to fetch it up; Cluse had a pinafore on at that time; he was brought home by a gentleman at ten o'clock at night, without one.


                  JAMES 
                  CLUSE
               



            . I am the father of Charles Cluse. When I came home from work that day my son was absent; I went in search of him till one o'clock in the morning - when I came back he had been brought back by a gentleman, but had no pinafore on; we then went in search of Douglass. I saw the prisoner on the Friday following, and as he answered the description given me, I took him into custody; I told him to come with me, and if all was right I would give him a pint of beer; I took him to a neighbour's house, and sent for my little boy - he said, "That is the man who took my pinafore away:" the prisoner said he knew nothing about it.


                  MARY 
                  HARDEN
               



            . I saw the prisoner in the street on the 17th of June, at near five o'clock - he came round the corner by the canal; he went and looked over a wall, and then went on towards the gravel.


                  JOHN 
                  RICHMOND
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, and took the prisoner.


                  JAMES 
                  CLUSE
               



            . I am eleven years of age - I know the Commandments. I saw the prisoner on the 17th of June; I was with my brother Charles, Christopher Douglass, and James Pinks; the prisoner said he would get us a bird'snest; we went down the New North-road, and he told Pinks to go through the ditch and get the bird's-nest; he then went on with my brother and Christopher Douglass, and told me if I did not go back he would smash my brains out - I went away.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me take them into any house? A. No: you did not ask me to do anything; you only told us to take off our coats and go over a ditch, and said you would mind them - I did not go into any house; we all got over a wall; Pinks and Halls went over the ditch - you said you would go and get the bird's-nest, and would call out; I went with you as far as the turnpike.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in Ripley, or near there at the time; I have tried to bring the persons I was with, but could not. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
