





735. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  DIXON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of February
, 2 cwt. of lead, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Skelton
                     




                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .
THOMAS SKELTON. I lost this lead from a house, which I let, in Church-lane, St. George's


; I know it was all safe on the roof on the 1st of February.


                  THOMAS 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am tenant of this house; the lead was all safe on the 1st of February, as I was on the roof: on the 2d of February it was all cut ready to be taken away - a neighbour came, about seven o'clock that evening, and said there was a man on the top of my house; I went up and found a parcel of lead, loose, on the top of the dormer; it was not rolled up, but cut off, and in about half an hour I again heard there was somebody on the house - I went up with my son, and found another piece cut off, and saw it matched, and it fitted exactly.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAY
               



            . I live at No. 64, Church-lane, two doors from Scott. On the 2d of February, I came from Hackney, and heard some lead was gone: Scott said he thought there was somebody on the house then; I went up and saw the prisoner on the roof, I followed him over the tops of the houses; he got in at a window, and was taken on the first floor of No. 5, Church-lane - it was then near eight o'clock.


                  OWEN 
                  SULLIVAN
               



            . I am a watchman. I was at Scott's house, and heard an alarm; I went and took the prisoner, on the first floor of No. 5; I heard something drop from the him, which proved to be this knife.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am a sailor, and lodge in Rosemary-lane, with the prisoner. On Saturday evening, the 2d of February, he left me about 6 o'clock - I know the knife produced to be his; I have often borrowed it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was given into my charge; I found nothing upon him - I have fitted the lead; it corresponded exactly with the dormer.
Prisoner's Defence. I had no money to pay for a lodging and went there to sleep.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
