






FIFTH DAY. MONDAY, OCTOBER 27.
Middlesex Cases, First Jury,
Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1391. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JENNINGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September

, a gold pin, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Bossom
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BURY
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               receiving the same, he well knowing it to be stolen
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BOSSOM
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Doyle, of Knightsbridge



; the prisoner was the errand-boy
, and slept in the house. On Sunday, the 21st of September, I missed my gold pin, which I had left on the bed-room table the night before. I had gone to my father's, and did not miss it till I returned.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ANN 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Doyle. On Monday, the 29th, the prisoner told me, he had sold this pin at a toy-shop, in Sloane-street. I had asked him on Sunday, if he had seen it - he said No. I went to Bury's shop, saw his daughter, and told her I had come for it. I afterwards went with the officers.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. His daughter told you at once, that it had been sold there - A. Yes, for 9 d., and said it was sent to be polished, and I should have it when it came back.


                  CHARLES 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street. On the 29th of September, I went with Holmes to Bury's shop. I saw Bury the last time I called, and asked him to shew me the pin, which I had seen, when I called with Holmes; his daughter shewed it to me in his presence. I asked if he objected to my taking it, and I would leave my watchas security - he said I might have it if I paid for it, and afterwards said I might take it without, which I did.
Cross-examined. Q. You said you wished him to appear at Bow-street, to see how he got it - A. Yes. I went to him next morning - he said he was busy, and could not attend that day - he came next day by a summons, and was detained.
JENNINGS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BURY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            ,
