






863. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HUSSEY
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMPSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of April
, 1 knife-case, value 2s.; 23 knives, value 10s., and 25 forks, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edmund 
                  Horsefall
               




            .
EDMUND HORSEFALL. I live in Gloucester-place, Camden-town


. This knife-case, knives, and forks, are mine; I saw them safe on Saturday morning last, when I opened the window - the servant left the door open while she went for a pail of water - a man came in and took them; I was in the kitchen, and saw him go out with his hat on.


                  JOHN 
                  BOSTON
               



            . I am a porter, and live in Henry-street, Hampstead-road. About half-past nine o'clock on the morning of the 8th of April, I saw the two prisoners and two other persons - I watched and saw Thompson go to Mr. Horsefall's, No. 11, Gloucester-place - he had nothing when he went in, but he came out with a mahogany case before him - I raised a cry and he handed it to Hussey, who turned a corner, but they were pursued; I helped to secure Hussey in a house into which he had run - he was making his escape out of the back door.


                  GEORGE 
                  MACHIN
               



            . I saw the witness in Camden-town last Saturday, about half-past nine o'clock - he called to Mr. Davis, the tobacconist, next door, and called me - I ran out - I saw Hussey lay down the knife-case, and I took it up - he then turned a corner - I did not see Thompson.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  LORIMER
               



            . I am an officer. - I got the case of knives from Machin - I shewed it to Mr. Horsefall, who claimed it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
HUSSEY'S Defence. I was going up the road, and I met two young men, who asked me to carry it for them, and said they would give me 2s. - they went into the house, brought it out, and gave it me; when I heard the cry of Stop thief! I put it down and ran.
THOMPSON'S Defence. I was about half a mile from the place - the man who took me came, and said his house had been robbed, and he did not know but I might be one of them.
HUSSEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
