





1153. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     KEARNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Walker 
                           Skirrow
                        




                     
                  , Esq.
 from his person
            .


                  WALKER 
                  SKIRRON
               



            , ESQ. I am a barrister
. On Tuesday, the 5th of May, I was passing through Great Ormond-street


; I heard a person call out, "Sir, your pocket is picked;" I felt, and missed my handkerchief - two boys immediately ran by; they were pursued; in a few minutes afterwards they were stopped - I took a handkerchief off the pavement, which I believe is mine, and gave it to the constable - I cannot swear whether the prisoner was one of the boys; I had two friends with me.


                  CHARLES 
                  SIZMUR
               



            . I am a gentleman's servant. My attention was attracted by two boys, the prisoner and another, behind three gentlemen, in Great Ormond-street; the prisoner attempted to pick one of the gentlemen's pockets two or three times; I watched them up to the top of Great Ormond-street, and then I saw the gentlemen run - I got off the carriage, ran after them, and caught the prisoner; I had seen his hands about the gentleman's pocket - I am certain he is the boy.


                  HENRY 
                  BATH
               



            . I saw the prisoner drop the handkerchief - the other boy escaped.


                  HENRY 
                  CARD
               



            . I saw the prisoner drop the handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence (written.) I was going along Queen-square, in company with another boy; we turned round the corner, and went down Great Ormond-street; my companion then began to run; I not having done any thing wrong, and not thinking any harm, ran also; presently a cry of "Stop thief!" was heard - I was stopped about half way down Ormond-street; they never attempted to stop the other boy - the prosecutor came up, and taking me by the collar, said to me, "Where is my handkerchief?" I told him I did not know; he then asked me where the other boy was; I told him I did not know; he then let go my collar - I could not tell him where to find the other boy, and he collared me again



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Life
            .
