





699. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WEST
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of January
, 1 watch, value 2l., and 1 key, value 1d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Bedford
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BEDFORD
               



            . I am a poulterer
 in Newgate-market. I left a watch at my house in Warwick-lane


 on the 7th of January, about seven o'clock in the evening - I returned at nine o'clock and it was gone - it has not been found; the prisoner had been in my employ five months, and left me in November; he was at my house that day when I left, and in the same room as the watch; he had looked in, and wished me to meet him at a house in Stationers'-court in about a quarter of an hour, under a pretence that he was going to take some money the next day, and he would pay me what he owed me: I had lent him some silver; I went to the house but he did not come.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SUTTLE
               



            . I am housekeeper to Mr. Bedford. I saw the prisoner at his house on the evening of the 7th of January - Mr. Bedford went out; he waited about half an hour, and went away a quarter to eight o'clock; he asked me to do him a favour - I said I would if I could: he said it was to take a note to get some money for him -I said we had no ink, and he gave the little boy a halfpenny to get some; he was gone some time - the prisoner said he could not wait; I said if he would mind the place I would go and look for the boy; I went, and was absent two or three minutes; when I returned the door was open, the prisoner and the watch were gone - it was there when I went out.
Prisoner. Q. Have you not requested me to watch the place before? A. No; I never said the boy was dishonest and had robbed his parents; I have said he was a bad little boy for stopping on his errands - I never said I could not trust him to bring home money; I have found him deficient in a halfpenny or so; but I never said so to the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I took the prisoner on the Thursday week after the robbery - I found nothing on him; I asked him how he came to do such a thing; he said what was a poor fellow to do who was in distress.
Prisoner's Defence. I have gone home and found two or three persons there; Mrs. Suttle and I have had a bit of talk, and sometimes had a drop of gin together; she has left me to mind the keys; this is the first time I ever was in my present situation - I am innocent; Mrs. Suttle soon after sent the boy for a halfpenny worth of ink, and she went after him - I was obliged to go to meet a young man who is now at Chelmsford - and when I went, on my oath, the watch was there.
JURY to 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  SUTTLE
               



            . Q. Did you find the boy? A. Yes; he came back with me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
