





511. 
               
                  
                     CAROLINE 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of February
, 12 s. in monies numbered, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Williams
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live in Hanover-street, Long-acre. On the 2d of February, about half-past one o'clock in the morning, I was returning home from Vere-street, where I had been with a friend; the prisoner accosted me in Short's-gardens


, I pushed her away. She put her arms round my waist, I pushed her away again, and caught her hand in my pocket - she retreated from me with my money in her hand - I lost 12 s. 1 d. I laid hold of her; the watchman came up. I had seen her put her hand to her head; I saw some money in her mouth, and while the patrol was looking on the ground I saw her give him something, and asked him what it was? he said
"Never mind." When I got to the watch-house I described the money as consisting of a new crown piece, a half-crown, and the rest shillings.


                  JAMES 
                  RUTH
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the call of watch! the prosecutor had hold of the prisoner, and told me to search her bonnet, which I did, and found nothing in it. She gave me a penny out of her hand; the patrol came up. As we were taking her to the watch-house she pinched me, and said,
"Take this, hold your tongue, and share the money."


                  JOSEPH 
                  CANT
               



            . I am a patrol. I went to the prosecutor's assistance, he had hold of the prisoner - I took my lanthorn to search her; she pinched my hand, and put a new crown piece in it - and while the watchman was looking on the ground she gave me a half-crown, and said,
"Say nothing about it." The prosecutor said there was a new crown piece and a half-crown among his money.
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the money in my room.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
