





544. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SANDERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Hopping
                        




                     
                  , about five o'clock in the afternoon of the 3d of April
, no person being therein, and stealing one coat, value 30 s.; one pair of pantaloons, value 12 s.; two waistcoats, value 20 s.; two handkerchiefs, value 1 s. 6 d.; three pair of stockings, value 2 s., and three shirts, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Hopping
                     



.


                  CHARLES 
                  HOPPING
               



            . I live at Hounslow-heath


. I keep the house, and 
               
                  Charles 
                  Littlewood
               



             lives with me. We pay the rent between us. On the 3d of April, about twelve o'clock at noon, I went out, and locked the door. There is only one room - the windows were safe, and the shutters closed. I returned at six o'clock in the evening, and saw Littlewood working in the garden. I had locked the door, and put the key in a particular place for him. We opened the door, and found it on the latch, and the key laying on the floor. I found my box open, and the property stated in the indictment gone. I have since recovered the handkerchief.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WESTGOAT
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on the 10th of April, at the Sun public-house, near Golden-square, and found this handkerchief, marked J.H. in his hat, with a pair of stockings, I found another handkerchief round his waist - I asked him if there were any marks about the handkerchief - he said, No.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am not guilty of thieving.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
Of stealing only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
