





1413. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  MILLS, alias 
MILLER, alias 
THOMAS WARD MILLS





            , was indicted for 


               bigamy
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  POCKNELL
               



            . I am a shell-fish monger, and live in St. Martin's-lane. I was present on the 13th of January, 1825, when the prisoner was married to my sister, 
               
                  Ann 
                  Pocknell
               



            , at St. Martin's in the Fields


, (she was at that time single.) I was a subscribing witness to the register.


                  CHARLES 
                  PARKS
               



            . I live in St. Martin's-lane, and am assistant clerk of the parish of St. Martin's in the Fields; here is the marriage register of that parish. On the 13th of January, 1825
, Thomas Ward Mills was married to Ann Pocknell - I was present at the marriage; the prisoner is the man. The register is witnessed by William Pocknell.


                  JOHN 
                  POCKNELL
               



            . I am brother of William Pocknell. - I have a copy of the register of the marriage of Thomas Miller with 
               
                  Rhoda 
                  Winnell
               



            , at St. Mary, Bury St. Edmonds, on the 26th of January, 1813.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PETTIT
               



            . I was present at the marriage of the prisoner with Rhoda Winnell, at St. Mary, Bury St. Edmonds; the prisoner is the man - he was married by the name of Thomas Miller. I saw his wife, Rhoda, yesterday.


                  JOHN 
                  BURCHALL
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on Monday, the 5th of March, at Mr. Pocknell's, in St. Martin's-lane.
The prisoner, in a long address to the Court, stated that in 1816 he had quarrelled with his wife, who had sworn the peace against him; he was at last compelled to leave his business and home to avoid her - that about six years after he wrote to the Magistrate, to know if she was living - and receiving no answer, concluded she was dead; he then married again; and having been separated seven years, he conceived he was not acting illegal - and that the prosecution was brought by Pocknell's brothers entirely, contrary to her desire.
ANN POCKNELL. I married the prisoner - he did not tell me that he had been married, and had children. The prosecution is instituted by my desire.
Prisoner. I am prevented from having legal advice, having assigned all my property to my wife.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LEADBETTER
               



            . I live at Uckfield. The prisoner has made an assignment to me, on behalf of his present wife, since he has been taken up, but I sent it back again to him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
