






378. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  ROBINSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of January
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 5 boots, value 10s.; 1 pair of clogs, value 1s.; 1 umbrella, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 watch-key, value 3s.; 1 seal, value 4s., and 1 piece of ribbon, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Scullard
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  ANGELIOUS 
                  BETRAUN
               



            . I am an officer. I was on duty with Roberts, on the night of the 2d of January, about a quarter to five o'clock in the afternoon; we saw the prisoner in Oxford-street, with two others, about his own size; they were in company; we watched them some time, and saw them following carts and waggons; we followed them down St. Giles' to near King-street, where there was a dray; the prisoner bent down under it; he came away, and went on to the corner of King-street


, and there met the prosecutor; the others were just by; the prisoner went up to the prosecutor, who was intoxicated, talked to him a few minutes, he took him by the arm, and walked up one street and down another; they at last came to Red Lion-square, the others still following; the prisoner took him round the square, took a bundle from under his arm, and put it under his own; they went on to Guildford-street, and there the prisoner took an umbrella from the prosecutor; they went on to some buildings - I saw the prisoner put the prosecutor behind a clump of bricks - the other two were at the corner of Well-street, fifty or sixty yards from him - I saw a bit of a scuffle between the prisoner and the prosecutor, behind the bricks; one of the others ran past us, and asked if that was the way to Clerkenwell - I said Yes; he asked if it was very muddy - I said No: the other then ran by; we then ran over, and found the prosecutor; he had his back against some bricks at first; the prisoner then put him against the railings of an unfinished house, as if he wanted to push him over the bar - I collared the prisoner with both hands - I saw him put his hand into his own left side jacket pocket; he took out this watch, handed it to the prosecutor, and said, "Here is your watch"- he then up with his fist, struck me several times in the face, and endeavoured to trip me up - I threw him down, and called for assistance; Catchpole came and assisted me to take him to the watch-house - Roberts brought the prosecutor - I asked if he had got his watch; he said No; I said "Feel," and he found it in his left hand breeches pocket.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. You saw the prisoner give it to him? A. Yes - I only found 7d. on the prisoner - I had seen him put the bundle and umbrella against the bricks, before he put the prosecutor against the bar; he did not appear to be taking care of him.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I was with Betraun. I produce the umbrella and bundle, which I took from behind the Bricks; Betraun's evidence is correct - I saw the prisoner strike him several times.
ROBERT SCULLARD. I am a shoemaker
, and live in Primrose-street. I had been drinking, and was much the worse for liquor - I had a bundle, an umbrella, and watch, and was coming from Piccadilly; the prisoner met me, and spoke to me; I do not know what he said - I do not remember his being taken; this is my bundle, watch, and umbrella.
Cross-examined. Q. At what time did you meet him? A. I think about a quarter past five o'clock - I remember him perfectly - I do not remember saying I had not got my watch - I drank nothing after I met the prisoner - I remember his face well - I might give him the watch.


                  JAMES 
                  CATCHPOLE
               



            . I am a gentleman's coachman. I heard a noise, and found the officer holding the prisoner; they appeared to be struggling, and were both out of breath - I assisted, and as soon as I collared the prisoner, he asked the officer to show his authority, which I believe he did; he said at the watch-house, that if the officer would swear he had the watch, he would swear any thing, and denied having had it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you understand by that, that he denied having had it? A. Yes.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from Hampstead, and met this gentleman in Holborn; he ran against me - I said,"My friend, you are rather intoxicated;" he asked me to see him as far as I was going; he took his own road; he dropped his bundle - I took it up, and placed it towards his arms; he said carry it for me: he dropped his umbrella - I took that up - I left him in Gray's Inn-lane, and the officer took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Life
            .
