





602. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HURST
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of February
, two half crowns, two shillings, three sixpences, and fourteen penny piece, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Pottinger
                        




                     
                  , widow
, from her person
            .


                  MARY 
                  POTTINGER
               



            . On the 15th of February, I was in Long-acre


. I had two half-crowns, and some other money loose in my pocket; and a bundle of linen in my apron - the prisoner came and asked me the way into Holborn; I directed him straight on; and all at once, missed him from my left side; and found him on my right. I thought he was after my bundle, as it was eleven o'clock at night. I caught up my apron in both hands to hold it; my pocket hole was rather open and I caught his hand coming out of my pocket; I said
"Master, you have robbed me;" he ran down a court - I missed my money, and called Stop thief! I ran as hard as I could - saw a man coming along and said,
"Stop that man;" two gentlemen stopped him - I ran up and said, he was the man.
Prisoner. Q. I asked you to go and have a glass of gin - A. He did not; I lost a duplicate, which was found upon him.


                  THOMAS 
                  TAPLIN
               



            . I was in Hart-street, at my door, about half-past eleven o'clock - I heard a cry of Stop him! the prisoner came up - I stopped him, and took him to the watch-house. He was searched, and 16 s. 8 d. found on him; he said he received 15 s. from Mr. Oakley, his master - then said to the prosecutrix,
"I will give you back two half-crowns, not to send me to the watch-house" - she would not take them.


                  JAMES 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the prisoner, and found 10 s. in silver in his hand, and 1 s. in copper - he said that was all the money which he had, and that it was left out of his wages - that he had received 15 s. - he resisted being searched. I found two shillings and three sixpences in his breeches pocket, with a duplicate belonging to the prosecutrix.
Prisoner's Defence. I received my wages, and had 2 s. 8 d. besides.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 49.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
