





1166. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BAYS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of April
, 6 lbs. weight of beef, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Lee
                     




                  ; and that he, at the delivery of the King's Gaol of Newgate, holden for the County of Middlesex, on Wednesday, the 14th of February, in the 2d year of the present King, was convicted of felony
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 22d of April I was on duty near the Bluecoat Boy public-house, at ten o'clock at night: I saw the prisoner going along very fast in the road, with something under his arm; I went and stopped him, and found he had a bit of beef, which he said the turnpike man gave him; I said I did not believe it- he said, "Well, I will tell you the truth; a boy was carrying it in a tray along the lower road, and I snatched it and ran away."


                  ROBERT 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am servant to Thomas Lee, a butcher
, of Islington


. The officer brought this beef to our shop the next morning - there were 6 lbs. of it, and I knew it to be my master's; I had seen it safe about halfpast eight o'clock in the evening - I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MERRY
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was on duty with Thompson, and saw what he has stated; I found the owner of the beef next morning.
Prisoner. I picked up the beef, wrapped up in some white paper.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a conductor of the Bow-street patrol. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from the office; it is signed Thomas Shelton.
The certificate of the prisoner's conviction of stealing two mahogany frames of William Shelton Ritchie, and his being sentenced to be transported for seven years, was here read.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHELTON RITCHIE
               



            . I am a plumber, and live at No. 7, Silver-street; I did live in Tabernacle-walk. I prosecuted the prisoner seven years ago; he was tried here and convicted, and ordered to be transported for seven years; I am certain he is the man; it was in the 2d year of the reign of his present Majesty.
Prisoner. The constable went and brought that man up at Hatton-garden; I have got my bread by honest industry, standing with goods in the street. I was coming home, and found the beef.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
