





15. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  WILTSHIRE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November
, 12 silver mounted corals, value 8l. 8s., and 12 coral necklaces, value 4l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Price
                  




               
            .
JOSEPH PRICE. I am a jeweller
, and live at Birmingham. I come to town every month, and the prisoner acted as my porter
. On the 12th of November, about half-past eleven o'clock, I sent him with the articles stated in the indictment to Mr. Harding's, No. 120, Fleet-street, to deliver them there on my account; finding he did not return, about five o'clock I went to Mr. Harding's, who had not received it; I immediately took an officer to the prisoner's lodging, who searched his room, and brought the parcel out, with Mr. Harding's name on it - this was about six o'clock that evening; twelve coral necklaces, and twelve bells, silver mounted, were missing from it.



                  JOHN 
                  BURCHALL
               



            . I am conductor of the Bow-street patrol. On the 12th of November I went with Price to the prisoner - he was at home; I looked into a box and found this parcel directed to Harding, No. 112, Fleet-street - it contains the rest of the articles; I found a tin box in his pocket, with five half crowns and two shillings in it - I asked where he got that; he said it was what he had sold the articles for - that he and a man named Bell, sold them in Petticoat-lane.
Prisoner's Defence. I was intoxicated, and fell in with a chap who I knew - he took me to have a pot of beer; he told me to come home with him - I went, and he took the parcel from me, opened it, and said he would go and sell some for me; he took something out, then rolled it up, and told me to wait till he came back - he was gone about an hour; I laid on his bed, and went to sleep - he awoke me and gave me two sovereigns; I did not say the money was what I sold them for - I worked for it.
JOSEPH PRICE. I heard him say it was what he sold the goods for.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
