






1800. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FAIRER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of August

, 6 pairs of stockings, value 12s.; 2 pairs of gloves, value 6s.; 1 handkerchief, value 4s. 6d., and 48 yards of silk, value 7l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Clow
                        



                     
                   and another, to whom he was servant


; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DOWLAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving 1 handkerchief, value 4s. 6d., and 48 yards of silk, value 7l., part of the same, he well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATERS
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. On the 27th of August, I was in Pitfield-street, and met Dowlan with a bundle; I asked what he had got, he said silk, and he was going to take it to some young woman he knew at the mad-house, at Bethnal-green - that he bought it in Holborn on Saturday night, of a man he did not know, at 2s. 6d. per yard, and gave 5l. for the whole; I took him into a public-house, looked at it, and then took him to the office - he said there, that he had lived with Mr. Maynard's fourteen days; I went there, and found it was right - he said he lived at No. 5, Harford-place, Drury-lane, and then at No. 2, West-street, Smithfield; I took Maynard's young man with me, and went to West-street - I found he lived there, but did not find any thing; we went on to No. 5, Harford-place



, and there found this handkerchief in Mann's hat, who lives there - I asked Mann where he got it; he said he bought it - the next morning I went to Mr. Maynard's again; they knew the pattern of the handkerchief, and sent for Messrs. Cummings and Clow, who lived next door - they knew all the goods; Fairer was at that time out; when he returned, I asked him if he knew a man named Dowlan - he said No; I said, "What, not the porter next door?" he said, "Yes, I do;" I then asked if he ever sold him or given him any handkerchiefs, or silk; he said No; I then produced the property - he began to cry, fell on his knees. and said he hoped his master would forgive him, that the Irish had led him into it - I cautioned him to say nothing; we went and found these stockings in his box; I took him to the office - when Dowlan was before the Magistrate, Dowlan said Fairer had given them to him to sell.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are these articles in different pieces? A. Yes, cut in twelve yards each.


                  MARK 
                  MANN
               



            . I am a newsman, and live at Harford-place. Dowlan did live with me; this handkerchief was found in my hat, my sister had bought it of Dowlan, in my presence, the day before - he said he was a hawker; he had some silk with him, but I do not know how much; he had other handkerchiefs, but not of this pattern.


                  JAMES 
                  CUMMINGS
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Clow
               



            , we are haberdasher
s - Fairer was our porter for thirteen months - he lodged in our house; these pieces of silk I know to be ours, they were cut off the lengths - it is almost impossible to miss them - but on unrolling two of the pieces they were found deficient of these lengths; we have compared them all, and know them to be ours, but only two have been cut off whole pieces; this is a new handkerchief of a pattern we had - these stockings and gloves were found in his box, and I believe them to be ours - the gloves had been worn, the stockings are new; Fairer said, when he was taken, that he had been deceived by the Irishmen, and they had ruined him - that he had never been guilty of the like before, but we afterwards found these things in his box.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know who he means by the Irishmen? A. No; I have not the ticket which was pinned to the silk - we believe we had not sold the pieces of silk; we began taking stock on the 30th of August.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. I take it you do not sell all the stock in your shop? A. No; we have several shopmen who have particular articles for sale; these are about the length of gown-pieces - we had none but these individual pieces of this kind.


                  MARY 
                  MANN
               



            . I bought this handkerchief of Dowlan for 2s. 6d. - he asked 3s. for it; he had more for sale, and some silk; he said he was a hawker - I gave the handkerchief to my brother.
MR. CUMMINGS. This is our handkerchief, and is worth 4s. or 4s. 6d.
JURY. Q. Have you any mark besides the pattern? A. It was the last we had of the pattern, and it was missing - we had sold the pieces; the value of the whole is 6l. or 7l; Fairer was not alone in the shop to my knowledge; he was not employed about the silks; he might get access by taking down the inside shutters which we put up on Sundays and at nights; whether he picked the lock or not I do not know; he has been a whitesmith; the locks are but common ones - he said it was on Sunday afternoon he got them.
COURT. Q. What did he say? A. I inquired how he had got access to the shop - he said on Sunday afternoon, and that he had persuaded one of the servants to go away, which she did, contrary to my orders.


                  THOMAS 
                  WATERS
               



            . I heard the prisoner say he got the stockings on Sunday afternoon. when his masters were out, and the silks at night when they were gone to bed; I cautioned him not to say any thing.
FAIRER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
DOWLAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
