





829. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROBINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of June
, one watch-chain, value 1 s. and one key, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Augustus Davis 
                           I'ons
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  AUGUSTUS 
                  DAVIS I'ONS
               



            . I am a schoolmaster
, and live in Heath-street, Stepney. On the 9th of June, about a quarter past nine o'clock at night, I was returning from Cumberland-street chapel, and looking in at a bookseller's window - I felt a pull at my watch, and saw the prisoner run from me, and two others, whom I suspected to be his companions - he was almost close to me, and turned up a yard. I followed, calling Stop thief - his companions ran another way. I followed him in the middle of the street, and hardly lost sight of him two seconds before I found him in custody, and am certain he is the person who stood close to me. I found a link of my chain broken, and the ring left, and the rest was gone with the key. He denied it at first, but when he found I was determined to give him in charge, he asked me to go back, and I should find the chain, but I did not. Nobody but him could have taken it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PUGH
               



            . I am a hair-dresser, and live in Rose-lane, Spitalfields. I saw the prosecutor and prisoner scuffling, and joined in pursuit. I did not see him at the window - I saw him turn short round when the prosecutor called Stop thief. Nobody was near but him and the other two.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
