





480. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 2d of February
, 1 bedstead, value 1l.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Freeman
               




            , widow
.


                  MARY 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I am a widow, and keep a baker's shop
 in Red-lion-passage, Spitalfields


. The prisoner came to me on the 2d of February, and asked me to go and buy eight chairs; I said I was very ill - he went away but returned about two o'clock, and said he had seven more to sell - I went with him - he left me in the street and took a porter with him, whom he met, and said he would go and get the chairs - I stood in the street about an hour, but he did not return to me - on going home I missed a bedstead.


                  MARY 
                  ANN FREEMAN
               



            . I am the prosecutrix's daughter. On the 2d of February the prisoner came and asked her to go and look at some chairs - he came a second time, and my mother went with him, and then he came and said my mother had sent him for a bedstead - I let him have it, and he took it away.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not come and say "Here is one of the chairs, and I am going to take the bedstead that your mother said it was to be 1l.?" A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and while he was outside I heard him talk about settling it - I said it should not be allowed, and took him into the office.
MARY FREEMAN re-examined. Q. Where did he take you to? A. To a public-house, and then he pointed to a place where some persons were moving, and I thought he was going to buy the goods - I did not know where he lived.
Prisoner's Defence. I went and left one of the chairs, and agreed for the bedstead for 1l.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
