





611. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, 40 lbs. of pins, value 50 s.; one leather case, 18 d.; six hundred needles, value 3 s., and three quires of paper, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Kirby
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Beard
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Toovey
                  



               
            .
MR. BEARD. When the prisoner was searched I found this memorandum in his pocket,
" I. O. U. 7 l. April, the 1st, 1822; J. Williams, April the 8th, 3 l. making 10 l.," I believe the bottom part,
"April 8th, 3 l. making 10 l," to be the prisoner's hand writing. We went with the prisoner to William's, Great Arthur-street, Golden-lane, he took us there; but we had great difficulty to get him to take us there; it is a chandler's shop - we found Williams there; the prisoner was asked,
"Is that the man you have taken the pins and needles to," he said Yes. Williams was asked if he knew him, he said,
"Yes," Drinkwater searched. Before this I saw nearly a quire of paper on the counter, which I recognised as our property, from its particular manufacture. I saw a needle case found on the premises, and under the bed two brown paper parcels; one containing 14 lbs. of pins, and the other 24 lbs. in papers as we pack them; the prisoner stated that he took them there, and we found a memorandum which led us there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRINKWATER
               



            . I searched the premises, and produce the property. I found the parcel of pins.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
