





1893. 
               
                  MARY 
                  SULLIVAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of September
, 5 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        James 
                        Donohue
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES DONOHUE. On the 16th of September, rather after ten at o'clock at night, I was at a public-house in Catherine-wheel-alley


 - I was rather drunk; the prisoner and some men were there; I intended to call for a pint of beer; one of the men asked if I objected to make it a pot; I said No, and gave a 6d. - I had no change back; I had 5s. in my hand; I laid my hands on the table, and laid my head down, but did not go to sleep; the prisoner was at my left side; I felt her hand coming to mine; she made a grasp and got my money; I asked her for it; she got up and ran out of the house; I followed her into a house; she ran up stairs; I went up into the room with two watchmen, and found the 5s. in her hand.


                  GEORGE 
                  DUNWORTH
               



            . I was at the public-house, and saw the prisoner sitting on the prosecutor's left side; he got up, and pursued the prisoner.


                  GEORGE 
                  HUBBARD
               



            . I heard a cry of Murder! and went to No. 27, Rose-lane, where I found the prisoner and prosecutor - I found five shillings and a purse in her bosom.


                  JOHN 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am a watchman. I found five shillings and a purse in the prisoner's bosom - one shilling was under her left arm, and four shillings under her right arm; the prosecutor stated what he had lost before I found it.
Prisoner's Defence. I met him, and went to two houses with him; I took 1s. out of my purse to pay for some beer - he said it was his money; he then said, "Go on, and I'll forgive you;" he followed me home, and would have my money - I called Murder!



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
