





854. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of May
, a coat, value 2 s.; five bottles, value 1 s., and a gallon of wine, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Woodward
                  




               
            .
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WOODWARD
               



            . I live at Moscow-cottage, Bayswater. I lost a coat, and eleven or twelve bottles of wine, from a house I was building in the Bayswater-road


; I had seen them about four o'clock on Sunday afternoon, the 23d of May, and about ten on the following morning they were missed. I had never seen the prisoner. I saw the coat on the prisoner's back when he was examined at Bow-street - I did not know then that it was mine, but at the second examination at Bow-street I looked at it, and was certain as to the identity of it.


                  THOMAS 
                  SHELSWELL
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. I apprehended the prisoner on Monday, the 24th of May, between one and two o'clock in the morning, in Craven-lane, Bayswater-road; there was another man with him when I first saw him, but I lost sight of the other - I took him, supposing all was not right, and found two bottles of wine, four skeleton keys, and a phosphorus box with matches ready for use upon him. I learned that Mr. Woodward had lost some property. When the prisoner was at Bow-street Mr. Woodward intimated to me that he had lost a coat similar to the one the prisoner had on, and next morning he saw and identified it. The prisoner gave no account whatever of it; this is the coat.
(Coat produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I had not that coat on when Mr. Woodward came to the prison.


                  THOMAS 
                  SHELSWELL
               



            . He had it on when I took him; he had three coats on, and this was the middle one.


                  JOHN 
                  IRWIN
               



            . I am a patrol. When the prisoner was taken he had that coat on, with wine in the pockets, and this dark lantern, which appeared as if it had latelybeen put out. There were some matches in the phosphorus box.
Prisoner's Defence. I had no work, and a man whom I had known for some months past, asked me on Sunday before the robbery to carry some smuggled spirits for him; I agreed, and met him on Sunday night, near the turnpike in Bayswater-road - he gave me the property; I did not know that it was stolen. I could have destroyed the coat.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
