





55. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     DODDS
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of November
, three coats, value 3 l.; three pair of trowsers, value 2 l.; a hat, value 12 s.; two waistcoats, value 5 s.; two handkerchiefs, value 2 s.; two seals, value 50 s.; and three razors, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           O'Mullane
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Daniel 
                        Dowling
                     



.


                  DANIEL 
                  O'MULLANE
               



            . I live at Mr. Dowling's. On the 7th of November, at a quarter to seven o'clock in the evening, I missed this property out of my bed-room - it was safe at five o'clock. The prisoner had been footman
 to Mr. Dowling, and left in August. I did not sleep in this room while he was there. Here are three razors, two handkerchiefs, and a waistcoat, which are part of the property stolen. I am certain of them. Two of the razors have the name of "Young" on them, who gave them to me.


                  GEORGE 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I am hostler to Mr. Hunter. On a Wednesday night the prisoner came to me at the public-house - I think it was on the Wednesday before he was taken. He asked if he might sleep with me, saying he had no money; and next day he went to Regent's Park Barracks, as he said; he returned between six and seven o'clock in the evening, and brought in a hat, three razors, and two handkerchiefs, and said he had them from a friend of his at the Barracks, and was to pay for them as soon as his mother sent him money from the country. He put them into the stable cupboard. They remained there with my things till the officers came, which was in the next week. I gave them all that belonged to him, and mentioned, in his presence, how he said he came by them; he said nothing to it. I saw him bring in a hat, shoes, coat, and and trowsers, on the Monday before he was taken, he said he had bought them out of the money he had received from his mother.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STEVENS
               



            . On the 13th of November I took the prisoner at the public-house, with Hopkins. We went to the stable. Hopkins produced three razors and a case from the stable cupboard. I searched further; and in the cupboard found seven duplicates, claimed by the prisoner; one for a handkerchief, and the other for a hat and handkerchief.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am shopman to 
               Mr. Cotterell
            , pawnbroker, Oxford-street. On the 11th of November, a handkerchief was pawned in the name of Johns, Davis-street, and on the 13th, a handkerchief in the name of Dodd, James-street - I cannot say who by, but the duplicates produced are what I gave the person.


                  JAMES 
                  HOLYLAND
               



            . I was present when the search was made. Stevens's account is correct. The prisoner claimed the duplicates.
MR. DOWLING. My house was under repair at this time, and a ladder was placed against the house, which leads to the roof. A person getting on the roof could get down to the prosecutor's room. I found his hat and gloves on the roof next day, so that the thief must have gone out that way.


                  DANIEL 
                  O'MALLANE
               



             re-examined. The value of all the property I lost is 6 l. My bed-room is on the third floor. I went on the roof, and found the window of a room I formerly occupied open - a person could enter there, and get to my room.




               GUILTY. Aged 18. Of stealing, to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
