





56. 
               
                  
                     WALTER 
                     PATTERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of November
, one pelisse, value 2 l. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wardle
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Wardle
                        



.


                  MARY 
                  WARDLE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Wardle
               



            . On the 1st of November I bought a new pelisse in Cranbourn-alley; and as I came to New Tothill-street


, about half-past six o'clock, turning into Orchard-street, some person came and took it out of my arms. I called to Mrs. Bond, who was with me, we called Stop thief! and the man ran down Pye-street. I followed, was knocked down, and lost my senses. I have not seen it since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BLUNDELL
               



            . I am fifteen years old, and live in New Pye-street. I saw the prisoner (whom I knew before), take the pelisse from Mrs. Wardle's arm, run across the street, and give it to another man. I ran across the road, and caught the other man by the collar. He knocked me down.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. What were you about - A. Shutting up my father's shop. As soon as he gave it to the other, he stopped, and called out Stop thief! he seized a man, and said he was the thief - I said he was not. He fell into a puddle, struck me on the side of the ear, and knocked me down.


                  THOMAS 
                  PACE
               



            . I am a constable. I was informed of this about seven o'clock. I went to a public-house, the prisoner stood by the fire, drying his clothes - he was very wet down one side. I said I wanted him for a robbery that evening. He immediately said,
"If it is about Young Blundell's business, he is mistaken in my person." We secured him. He abused us very much.
SARAH BOND. I was with the prosecutrix, and saw the prisoner's side face and his dress. He went across the road with it, and gave it, I think, to another man. I verily believe him to be the man. I saw him again in Pye-street. When the prosecutrix recovered, he said it was not us. She said,
"You are the man that robbed me." He said nothing then.
Cross-examined. Q. You were walking together - A. I was rather before her, and turned round immediately as she cried out. We ran and followed him - a man came and struck her.
Prisoner's Defence. On the night I heard the cry, three men knocked me down in the kennel. A man said that Blundell said it was me.
MRS. WARDLE re-examined. I went up, and said he was the man - he did not answer. I have no doubt of him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bailey.
