








2198. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  LANGLEY
               




             & 
               
                  CLARA 
                  KIMPTON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of September

, 6 shirts, value 19s.; 4 table-cloths, value 16s., and 4 towels, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Philip 
                  Adams
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, 


               stealing on the same day, 1 tablecloth, value 12s., the goods of 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Ricketts
                     



                  ; and 1 shirt, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Murray
                     



.



                  ANN 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am the wife of Philip Adams - he lives in Portland-town



; I take in washing. On the 24th of September I had a large basket of linen in my yard; the shirts, table-cloths, and towels, stated in the indictment, were among them - there is one table-cloth and 1 shirt here now, which were in the basket; I cannot say when they were safe, but I heard an alarm about ten minutes before seven o'clock in the evening.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I suppose you are married? A. Yes, Sir, and no one has a right to doubt it: I am living with my husband - my name is not Long; I have never gone by that name, nor do I know a person of that name - I never was married to a person named Long.


                  MARY 
                  WARDELL
               



            . I live in Portland-terrace. This table-cloth belongs to my daughter, Ann Rickett's; she is a widow, and sends her things to Mrs. Adams to wash.


                  FREDERICK 
                  HICKS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a shirt, pawned with me on the 27th of September, by a woman - I do not know who, in the name of Harriet Jenkins.


                  RICHARD 
                  HARTLEY WALL
               



            . I am an officer. In consequence of information, I went on the 13th of October, to No. 2, Little Church-street, where the prisoners were living as man and wife: I found this table-cloth in the room - Kimpton said there was nothing there, but what her mother had given her, and she had bought; the table-cloth was in the bed, but I did not take it then - I went again and took it.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you looked at it the first time? A. Yes, and I thought it was a sheet; I returned in the evening and took it - it was not removed.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I was with Wall; I received from Langley's hand this purse, containing eleven duplicates, and one of them is for this shirt, pawned at Smith's, in Edgware-road, on the 27th of September, in the name of Harriet Jenkins.(Property produced and sworn to.)
KIMPTON'S Defence. I had the tickets given to me by 
               
                  James 
                  Brown
               



            , who was going to Edgware, and I said I would take care of them.
LANGLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
KIMPTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoners.
