





99. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     MAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of October
, one watch, value 8 l.; one chain, value 2 s.; one seal, value 6 s.; and one key, value 2 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Kidd
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On the 30th of October I was in Piccadilly


, and saw the prisoner with ten or twelve more. I saw a hustle at the corner of Maynard-street, and heard a gentleman say he had lost his gold watch. The prisoner came from the crowd. I apprehended him and took a silver watch from his pocket. He said he picked it up.


                  THOMAS 
                  KIDD
               



            . I am the servant
 of Lord 
               
                  William 
                  Gordon
               



            . On the 30th of October I was coming from Mr. Fullers, in Piccadilly, and as I went through a crowd my watch was drawn out. I found the prisoner in custody with it, afterwards,
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I was with Smith, and took the prisoner - there was a dozen of them in the gang. I saw the watch in his hand.


                  RICHARD 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I saw the watch in the prisoner's hand, and immediately collared him - it was found in his pocket. He said there was a row and he picked it up. There was no bruise on it - it was impossible to pick it up in that crowd.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up on a lot of hay - the gentleman wanted it - I refused, and they took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
