





995. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, 20lbs. of lead, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        John Stevens 
                        Pretty
                     




                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  JAMES FARDOE
               



            . On the evening of the 17th April I was placed in a garret belonging to Mr. Pretty, in the house adjoining that in which the prisoner lived - Mr. Bales lives in the house - between nine and ten o'clock at night I saw the prisoner come from his house, and cut the lead from the gutter of the house which I was in; I ran to my master, Mr. Tanner, and told him immediately - he came and placed me at the back door in case the prisoner should come out there, but he did not; he was taken shortly afterwards, but I do not know by whom - the lead had been all right before, and fixed in a proper way.


                  JOSEPH 
                  STEPHEN TANNER
               



            . I am a builder. This was a finished house, and belonged to John Stevens Pretty - 
               
                  George 
                  Bales
               



             lives in it; the prisoner's father lives in the next house; the lead had been taken from his father's house, and some from the other some time before - on the morning of the 17th of April we saw some more of the lead loosened, and, thinking it would be taken in the evening, we placed the witness to watch - he came and toldme he had seen the prisoner cut the lead; I then went and put him at the back door and went up stairs, where I saw the prisoner setting on the parapet wall with the lead at his feet; I asked him to come in, which he did, and he was taken to the watch-house; there were some knives found in the gutter.
JOHN STEVENS PRETTY. I am landlord of the houses. The prisoner's father lived in one - George Bales lived in the one from which the lead was taken.


                  GEORGE 
                  GOODLUCK
               



            . I am a neighbour of Mr. Pretty's. I was called on to assist in taking the man; I went and found him in the gutter; I brought him into the room, but no knife was found on him; I asked him where the knife was, and he said he supposed he had thrown it over the gutter; I then went out, and found those two knives, this piece of iron, and this other piece of lead.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILMOT
               



            . I am a headborough. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house with this property.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
