






622. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  CLARK
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  NEALE
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of January
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s. the goods of 
                     
                        Peter 
                        Tyler
                     




                  , from his person
            .
PETER TYLER. On the 28th of January, I was near Argyle-street, in Oxford-street


; I did not feel my handkerchief taken, but an officer came and asked me if I had lost anything - I felt, and my handkerchief was gone: he said"I will show you the person who took it;" he seized these two boys, and from one of them he took my handkerchief.


                  ANGELIOUS 
                  BETRAUN
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner in Oxford-street; there was a crowd, and I saw Clark take this handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket: the prosecutor came out of the crowd; I went and told him of it, and brought him back to the crowd: the two prisoner's came out of the crowd; I took Neale, Roberts took Clark, and took the handkerchief from his breeches. I did not see Neale do any thing, but he was with Clark.


                  THOMAS 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I was with Betraun: I took the handkerchief from Clark's trowsers: the prisoners had been together for some time.(Property produced and sworn to.)
CLARK'S Defence. I went up and saw a crowd; I saw this handkerchief laying on the ground, and took it up; the officer came up and said, "What have you got there?" and I gave it him.
NEALE's Defence. I was not with this boy, but I came up, and he said "I have picked up a handkerchief: he was going to show it me when the officer took us.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
NEALE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
