





1016. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CREAMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of July
, a handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James Rainford 
                           Ensor
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  RAINFORD ENSOR
               



            . I live at Totteridge. On the 16th of July, at six o'clock in the afternoon, I was on Holborn-hill


, and did not perceive my handkerchief taken - but an officer brought it to me, and said he had a boy in custody at the foot of the hill; it was safe shortly before, and has my initials on it. He took me to the prisoner, who was in custody.


                  JOHN 
                  CARLISLE
               



            . I am a night patrol. I saw the prisoner with another, older than himself, in Long-lane, and watched them with Baldry, till he got to Holborn-hill, and saw them go up to Mr. Ensor, and just by Hatton-garden, I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief from Mr. Ensor's pocket, turn back, and go down the hill; the other went down Hatton-garden. I was on the opposite side, and I called to Baldry, who was on the other side - he stopped him. I went after the prosecutor, and found the handkerchief between the prisoner's legs.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALDRY
               



            . I was with Carlisle, and saw the prisoner in Long-lane, with another boy, and followed them to Holborn, by Carlisle's desire - I saw him attempt a gentleman's pocket on Snow-hill. I afterwards heard Carlisle call out, Stop thief! and stopped him. The handkerchief was found on him. I am servant to Mr. Barnstaple, of Long-lane.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw a boy take a gentleman's handkerchief out of his pocket, and they ran and took me. I know nothing of it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
