





711. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BISHOP
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of March
, a handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Gerard 
                        De Custear
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Henry 
                        De Custear
                     



.


                  ELIZA 
                  DE CUSTEAR
               



            . I am the daughter of Gerard De Custear; he is a broker
, and lives in Little Turnstile. My brother Henry is two years old; I was going with him between and four and five o'clock on the 24th of March, on a message to my mother, at No. 17, Tottenham-place


. I had got to the house, and was going to knock at the door; my brother was by my left side, and had a handkerchief round his neck; the prisoner came round the corner and snatched it off, rolled it up, put it into his coat on the left side, and run away. I ran after him, and called
"Stop thief!" he ran through the turnpike in the New-road, into a new street, and threw the handkerchief down. I never lost sight of him, except when I was turning the corner - I am quite certain of his person. A gentleman picked up the handkerchief and gave it to me.
GERARD DE CUSTEAR. I am a broker, and live in Little Turnstile. I know this handkerchief to be mine.


                  JOHN 
                  COMPTON
               



            . I am a licensed hawker. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running - he threw the handkerchief on some steps. I ran after him; he stopped of his own accord, and then walked back; the little girl came up and took hold of him by the collar. Two men came up and secured him.
Prisoner's Defence. I heard the cry of Stop thief! as I was turning the corner, and I was stopped by a gentleman; the little girl came up and said I had stolen the handkerchief.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
