






Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
502. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  McDONALD
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  PHILLIPS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of February
, 1 tea-caddy, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Matthew 
                  Putnam
               




            .


                  HANNAH 
                  PUTNAM
               



            . I am the wife of Matthew Putnam, a broker
 - we live in Swinton-place


. On the 3d of February, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, Mrs. Pritchard came by, and gave me information; I then missed this tea-caddy, which had been safe half an hour before; she pointed Phillips out to me, who was going towards Bagnigge-wells - I overtook him, and asked him to give me information about the person who offered him the caddy; he said he knew nothing of him - I secured him, and gave him in charge; in five minutes an officer brought McDonald up; I was at the back of the shop; they must have come inside to take it - it is an open shop.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WARREN
               



            . I live in Bagnigge-wells-road, and can see Putnam's shop from my house. I saw the prisoners lurking about there for above an hour - I passed them several times; they stood talking together at the end of the shop.


                  SARAH 
                  PRITCHARD
               



            . I live in Swinton-place, and saw the prisoners near Putnam's shop - they kept looking about, and I thought they were after something in the shop; I stopped for about a minute, and saw McDonald bring the caddy round from the shop, und offer it to Phillips, who, seeing me looking, would not take it - one went down the road, and the other towards Bagnigge-wells; I informed Mrs. Putnam - they both saw me looking at them.


                  HENRY 
                  HINKSMAN
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was passing about half-past two o'clock, and saw both the prisoners standing by this shop; I looked at them, and by the time I had got to the end of Gray's-inn-road McDonald came up, with the caddy under his arm - I secured him, and asked where he was going with it - he said to Bagnigge-wells-road; I took him into the shop, and Mrs. Putnam claimed it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
McDonald received a good character.
McDONALD - GUILTY. Aged 19.




               Recommended to Mercy
            . - 


               Confined Three Months
            .
PHILLIPS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
