






430. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     MASON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     KEPPIE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of February
, a gown, value 1 s.; a shawl, value 2 s.; a cloak, value, 4 s., and a handkerchief, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Murray
                        



                     
                  ; and a watch, value 1 l., and two seals, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Thompson
                  



               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a steward
 of the Leith Smack, which laid at the Leith wharf


. I lost a watch and three seals, which hung by my bed-side - the prisoners are strangers. On the 2d of February, between two and four o'clock in the morning, while I was in bed, there was a noise, the mate got up, but found nobody - and about half-past four o'clock, we missed the watch. Murray had been a passenger, and left her clothes in my care, they were stolen at the same time. I found my watch at the Thames Police on the Monday, a seal was then added to it.


                  JANE 
                  MURRAY
               



            . I am a widow. My clothes were on board the Smack. I left them in Thompson's care, and found them at the office.


                  JAMES 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I am a patrol, of Aldgate. On Monday morning, the 2d of February, about half-past four o'clock, I saw the prisoners in company in Butcher-row, East Smithfield - Witney was with me. I stopped Mason, who had a bundle, and asked what he had there - he said, a jacket and waistcoat. I asked if any thing else was in it - he said, Yes; a gown. I found no jacketor waistcoat in it, but a shawl, a cloak, and a handkerchief. Keppie ran off, but I took him three hours after in Nightingale-lane, and found the watch and handkerchief on him. Thompson came and claimed the things about six o'clock.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WITNEY
               



            . I am a patrol. Simmon's account is correct. Mason said, he had been with an unfortunate girl, and lost two sovereigns, and took the bundle instead.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am watch-house keeper. The prisoners were brought to the watch-house.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MASON'S Defence. My clothes were on board the Rochester - this young man and I had been drinking all night, and as we were going to the ship, a man came and threw this bundle down - I picked it up.
KEPPIE'S Defence. He found the bundle, took the watch out, and gave it to me.
MASON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
KEPPIE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
