





1064. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BIGGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of August
, one watch, value 5 l.; two seals, value 3 l.; one key, value 6 d., and one ribbon, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Chrishop
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  CHRISHOP
               



            . I am an attorney
, and live in Child's-place, Fleet-street. On Friday evening, the 31st of August, about twenty minutes before nine o'clock, I was at the corner of Johnson's-court, Fleet-street


, and saw the prisoner standing at the corner of the court, he stepped up to me, put one hand against my breast, and drew out my watch. It was a gold watch, and two gold seals; he ran up the court. I pursued calling Stop thief! a person crossed me, which stopped me a little, but I continued the pursuit, still crying Stop thief! and in Gough-square he was stopped. I am certain he is the man. My watch was not found. I only lost sight of him for a moment


                  JAMES 
                  BECKERTON
               



            . I am a basket maker, and live in Johnson's-court. I heard the cry of Stop thief! ran down stairs, and heard footsteps running towards Gough-square. I got into the square and the prisoner was stopped. He said I am no thief! I have plenty of money, without thieving. He put his hand in his pocket, and pulled out a handful of silver, and at that moment the prosecutor came up, and said
"That is the man who robbed me of my watch."
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking home, across the square, three or four ran by me, and one charged me with stealing a watch. I stopped immediately.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
