





343. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  SHAW
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of December
, three gowns, value 50 s.; two shawls, value 15 s.; a scarf, value 6 s.; two pairs of stockings, value 5 s.; a petticoat, value 2 s.; a shift, value 2 s., and a pocket, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        Catherine 
                        Malcolm
                     




                  , widow
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Jane 
                        Russell
                     



.
CATHERINE MALCOLM. I am widow, and lived with Mrs. Russell, who is my mother-in-law, in St. Catherine-square


 - I have slept there since I came from Scotland - it is a public-house. My clothes were in a trunk in the club-room. I had some of these clothes on on the Sunday, between ten and eleven o'clock in the evening - I had one of the gowns on that day. On the Monday the prisoner was there, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, and staid till a quarter past ten, with a party of about thirty persons - I missed them while the company were there, having received information from a little girl, who saw the prisoner and another come down the stairs, very bulky. I went, and found the lock taken off my box - the prisoner was then gone. She was taken up in a few days. I am certain she was there.


                  HENRY 
                  WADE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Williams, pawnbroker, Cable-street, St. George's. I have a shawl, which was pawned by the prisoner, on the 21st of December, for 2 s. I know her very well.


                  JAMES 
                  LEE
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth-street. I took the prisoner on the Friday after the robbery, at the Royalty Theatre - I told her the charge: she denied having pawned the shawl, but she afterwards acknowledged it.
Prisoner's Defence. I attended a raffle at this house, and after most of the company had left I went out with the remainder, and about two yards from the door my foot touched something, which on my picking up proved to be a shawl - I enquired whether it belonged to any of the parties present - they did not claim it, but advised me to keep it. I am aware I was reprehensible in so doing.
GUILTY. Aged 20.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
