






1597. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  PATTERSON
               




             was again indicted for the 


               like offence
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  GOVAN
               




            . The prisoner was in my employ, and authorised to receive money - he never accounted to me for five sovereigns received of Miss Rivet, for Mr. Dallimore, of the Globe, in Fleet-street - I was present when the officer searched him on the 28th of July, and found five sovereigns in his coat, the officer asked him where he got the money, and he confessed, it was part of Mr. Dallimore's bill; he ought to have accounted to me every day, at five o'clock, for what money he received.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you make this charge before the Magistrates? A. No, because the person could not appear - I had found it out that day, but the Magistrates committed him for the 3 s. 11 d. - I stated this case, but the Magistrate said he could not hear it in the absence of the witness. I told the Magistrate we had found part of Mr. Dallimore's bill, but the whole of it was 6 l. 12 s. - the prisoner did not say he had lost part of this money - he said, he had lost a part of a bill of 13 l. 5 s., which he had received about two months before - he stated he had lost ten guineas, and paid me 4 s. a week.


                  JANE 
                  RIVET
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Dallimore. On the 27th of July
, I paid the prisoner, on account of Mr. Govan, 6 l. 12 s. - I gave him six sovereigns and a guinea, he went out and got change, he signed the book and the bills.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PAYNE
               



            . I went to Mr. Govan's on the 28th of July; I searched the prisoner, and found five sovereigns in the button-hole of his jacket - he began to cry and said, it was part of Mr. Dallimore's bill - there was no guinea found on him.
ROBERT GOVAN re-examined. Q. Had you asked the prisoner on the 27th of July, if he had received Mr. Dallimore's bill? A. Yes, and he said No, he paid me 6 s. 8 d. that day, which was all - I went on the 28th to inquire and found it had been paid.
JANE RIVET. I am certain I paid him on the 27th.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
