






1404. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BROWN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of September
, one saddle, value 2 l.; four bridles, value 2 l., and one horse-cloth, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dickenson
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DICKENSON
               



            . My father is a stable-keeper
, in Oxford-street


. On the night of the 22d of September these things were stolen from the stables.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I work for Mr. Dickenson, I am a jobbing coachman. These things were in the stable at seven o'clock at night, and were missing next morning.


                  JOHN 
                  MADDAMS
               



            . On the morning of the 23d of September, about a quarter past one o'clock, I saw the prisoners coming towards me, when they saw me they crossed over on the other side, I saw one had something carrying, and I followed them into Queen-street - I stopped them and asked what they had got? Wilson had the bundle - he said it was his own property. I said he must go to the watch-house; he said he was only a short distance from his own place and would go home. I called another watchman, who took him. He had a saddle, four bridles, and a horse-cloth.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SELLERS
               



            . I am a watchman. When the prisoners were brought to the watch-house I asked who the property belonged to. Wilson said it was his own, and that he brought it from one of the principal coach offices in Oxford-street. Brown said, "No, we have brought it from Piccadilly," and that he lodged with Wilson in Little Queen-street.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WILSON'S Defence. I only met Brown in the street.
BROWN'S Defence. I saw this man in Oxford-street,and told him he had dropped something; the watchman came and took us.
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BROWN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
