





1140. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  DICKINSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of February
, 1 watch, value 8l.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d.; 1 steal, value 30s.; 1 ring, value 5s., and 1 key, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas Pugh 
                        Williams
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS PUGH WILLIAMS. I was in Kensington-gardens


 on the 19th of February, waiting to see the nobility pass; there were about fifty people about me; I do not remember feeling my watch go, but on leaving the archway I missed it - I had had it about ten minutes before; my waistcoat was turned up, and I am positive it had been taken from my pocket - I had not seen the prisoner there.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. What sort of a watch was it? A. A silver hunting watch, No. 3,896; I gave information at Marlborough-street and Bow-street, and about a month after I lost it I received a letter from Mr. Read; I afterwards saw my watch at Hatton-garden - I said I considered it altogether worth 10l. or 12l., but it was given to me; I do not remember the Magistrate saying he thought that a great deal - the Magistrate said there was a mistake about the maker's name, but I believe it was in the pronunciation - it is Dubois, a French name.


                  EDWARD 
                  READ
               



            . I am high-constable of Leeds. I apprehended the prisoner and some others at Leeds, on the 17th of April; I found this watch in his waistband, and another watch in his pocket, with this seal, ring and key attached to it - the number of this watch is 3,896; I asked who it belonged to, he said to his brother, and he had brought it that morning from Ripon to Leeds to be cleaned; the Mayor of Leeds directed it to be advertised, but no one owned it - I then searched the Hue and Cry from London, and found a description of the watch; I then told the prisoner I had found an owner for the property, and he said he would tell me the truth how he got it - that he had it of a Jew at Ripon, and had given his own watch and 26s. for it; I asked him if the key and seal which were to the other watch belonged to this - he said they did; the other watch he said he had had a long time, but did not say how long; I asked him if he had been in London - he said a long time ago, before Christmas.
Cross-examined. What induced you to apprehend him? A. I found him with some suspicions characters - I took them all; the others were discharged; I was at the office when the prosecutor claimed the watch - he gave the same statement he has to-day; the Magistrate said there was a mistake in the advertisement in the name of Dubois - the prosecutor said it must be the mistake of the person who gave it.
COURT to PROSECUTOR. Q. Was this seal and key attached to your watch? A. Yes, and this watch is mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I gave my own watch and 26s. for this watch, to a Jew, at the Black Bull public-house, at Ripon.


                  DAVID 
                  WATSON
               



            . I have known the prisoner upwards of five years; I was informed in February last that he was at Ripon; I live within a mile and a half of that town - he was residing in the Market-place; I saw him there, but not every day - he has a very bad state of health; he sent for me from my own house to the Black Bull, to pay me for a pair of shoes, and to order another pair - this was the latter end of March; a man came in with a box of jewellery and other goods, and asked if we wanted any - I saw the prisoner give his watch, and 25s. or 26s., for a hunting watch, with a key and seal; it was such a one as this - I did not take notice of the ribbon.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
