






140. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WRIGHT
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SIDDELL
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of October
, one piece of ribbon, value 6 d.; one seal, value 2 s., and one key, value 6 d., the goods of a 
                     man unknown


                  , from his person
            .


                  ANDREW 
                  FRANCIS SIRKE
               



            . On the 30th of October, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was in the Strand


, and saw a number of persons, apparently rifling several gentlemens' pockets - the prisoners were two of them. I saw them hustling a gentleman, and observed Wright lay hold of the gentleman's watch-ribbon, it broke off; I immediately collared him and called for assistance - as I held him he threw it away. Lambert and another constable came up and secured him. I saw a person pick up the ribbon, who gave it to me. Siddell was in his company, and assisted in hustling the gentleman - I saw them together all the way. I could not find the gentleman. It was opposite the Spotted Dog. Several of the gang struck me, and called out Rescue!


                  EDWARD 
                  RHYND
               



            . I was in the Strand with several other constables, and saw the prisoners attempt several persons' pockets, and opposite the Spotted Dog I saw Wright run against a gentleman and try at his watch; the ribbon broke, he got the seal and key, and part of the swivel of the watch. I secured Siddell - he said,
"You b - g - r, let me go, or I'll blow your bl - dy head off!" - we secured them.


                  JAMES 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I was in the Strand, and saw the prisoners and several others hustle several gentlemen. Just before we came to the New Church my partner seized Wright and called for assistance. I went up and collared him, he struck me several times, and said he would give me a ***. I drew my staff out and struck him, he was secured. The prisoners were both together.


                  GEORGE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I was in the Strand - a gang of about thirty kept the pavement to themselves; the prisoners were among them. They tried several gentlemens' pockets, but, seeing so many officers, one of them said,
"Let us turn and beat them out of the street." They made a stand, I thought they were going to fight us - we stopped abreast of them, and they walked on. A gentleman was hustled near the Spotted Dog. I saw fifteen or sixteen officers trying to get the prisoners from the others. With difficulty we got them into the Spotted Dog. When I was searching Wright he said he would split my bl - dy nose. The seal and key were given to me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLLAND
               



            . I was with other officers, and saw the prisoners, in company with others, picking pockets - they attempted a great number, and near the New Church, my partners, who were before me, called for assistance. The prisoners used very shocking expressions.
WRIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
SIDDELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
