





118. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  WALLACE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of November
, 1 set of fire-irons, value 20s.; 1 tea-pot, value 6s.; 1 toasting fork, value 4s.; 1 toast stand, value 3s.; 1 pair of snuffers, value 4s.; 1 funnel, value 2s.; 2 knives, value 4s.; 5 brushes, value 5s.; 2 lamps, value 10s.; 1 candlestick, value 2s., and 1 flat iron and stand, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George Beeston 
                  Thompson
               




            , his master.
GEORGE BEESTON THOMPSON. I live in Oxford-street, and am a furnishing ironmonger
. The prisoner was in my employ about twelve months; he was to carry out goods, and clean goods in the show-room. In consequence of suspicion, I got a warrant to search his premises in the beginning of November - the officer Clements, and the prisoner went with me. I had told him I had a warrant to search his premises, which I knew to be in John-street, Fitzroy-square. When we went out, he was about to turn to the left hand instead of the right, and then I found he had left those lodgings, but his box was still there - we went there, and found the box, which was locked - the officer broke it open, and some of the property was in it - we then went to his other lodgings, where we found the remainder of my property.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer. I went to the house where the trunk was, and then to the other lodging at No. 24, Noel-street, where I found in a box, which he unlocked, these articles.


                  JAMES 
                  GURNEY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, of High-street, Mary-le-bone. I have a tea-pot, and toasting-fork, pawned by the prisoner on the 29th of September.


                  MORRIS 
                  ARIA
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in London-street, Fitzroy-square. I have a set of fire-irons, pawned by the prisoner on the 18th of July.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. Several of the things I purchased myself.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
