






1714. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of August
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Godfrey
                     




                  , from his person
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  GODFREY
               



            . I am Ordinance store-keeper
 at Purfleet. On the 5th of August I was in the Tower of London


 - a person gave me some information; I looked round, and saw the two prisoners near me: Jones lifted his hat from off his head, and my handkerchief fell from it; he said "It fell from the gentleman's pocket;" this is it - I did not see either of the prisoners do anything to me; there was no crowd about.


                  RICHARD 
                  THROP
               



            . I was near the Record-office in the Tower on the 5th of August; I saw the two prisoners go behind the prosecutor - Jones helf up his pocket while Smith took the handkerchief out, and gave it to Jones, who put it into his hat; I told the prosecutor of it.


                  JOHN 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I am one of the warders of the Tower. I took the prisoners into custody.(Property produced and sworn to.)
SMITH'S Defence. I saw the handkerchief on the ground; I took it up; the other prisoner said "It dropped from the gentleman's coat pocket;" I said, "Are you sure of that?" he said Yes; I gave it to him to give to the gentleman: we were taken to Lambeth-street, and there the witness swore that Jones held the pocket and I took the handkerchief, but I am quite innocent.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
