





918. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of May
, a parcel, containing two rings, value 50 s.; a book, value 20 s.; a shift, value 10 s.; a bed-gown, value 4 s.; a petticoat, value 1 s., and a frill, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Hannah Margaret 
                           Elbon
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Schooling
                        



.


                  HENRY 
                  SCHOOLING
               



            . I am fourteen years of age
, and live with my uncle Bryant. On the 12th of May my master gave me a parcel to take to Miss Elbon, No. 5, Park-street, Grosvenor-square. I was inquiring my way at the corner of Duke-street


, and the prisoner came to me and said,
"You are going to Miss Elbon's, are you?" I said Yes. I had the parcel in my hand. I don't know what was in it. It had a direction on it, which he could have seen, as it was outside. He said,
"You young dog you have been stopping by the way; you ought to have been here an hour ago; Miss Elbon says you must give it to me." I said
"I can't; I am to go with this and bring another back." He said, Miss Elbon said he should bring that to my master. I gave him the parcel and watched him, and he did not go to the place, but went down North Audley-street, and up the Mews. I followed him, and he began to run. I ran after him, and cried Stop thief! I had lost sight of him when he turned the corners, but not for more than two minutes. When he was stopped he had not got the parcel. I don't know what became of it; I have not seen it since. He was taken to Mount-street watch-house. I charged him with taking the parcel; I know that it was directed to Miss Elbon.
Prisoner. Q. Am I the person who came up to you - A. Yes; you are the person who came up to me as soon I had inquired the way.


                  HANNAH 
                  MARGARET ELBON
               



            . I live at No. 5, Park-street, Grosvenor-square. I am single. I expected to receive a parcel, containing the articles stated in the indictment, from my mother. It was to come from Mr. Bryant's, by the hands of this lad - I never received it. The prisoner is a perfect stranger to me.


                  SARAH 
                  ELBON
               



            . I live in Foster-lane, Cheapside. On Wednesday, the 12th of May, I gave this parcel to Mr. Bryant, who sent it by his lad to my daughter - he was tobring another back. It was directed to Miss Elbon, and contained the articles enumerated in the indictment. I have not seen them since. I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  HENRY 
                  PLUCK
               



            . I am a cooper, and work for Mr. Minton, Shepherd's-court, Upper Brook-street. On the 12th of May I saw the prisoner running, and heard a cry of Stop thief! He appeared to be the person running from that cry - he was not far from me, and I stopped him, and Schooling came up. He had no parcel with him, and said he had not got it.


                  ROBERT 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am an officer. I received him in charge at the watch-house. Schooling accused him of taking a parcel from him - he denied it, but the boy spoke positively. I searched him, and found a crow-bar up his sleeve - he was in the act of concealing it - one end was in his hand, the other up his sleeve.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the parcel.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
