





1802. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COLSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of August
, 1 tin box, value 3d.; I sovereign, and 1 half-crown, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Dorrell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  DORRELL
               



            . I am a waggoner
. I had a tin box with one sovereign and one half-crown in it, in my left hand pocket, on the 25th of August; I was coming down Chiswell-street


; the prisoner said to me,
"Joe, do you drive the Chesham waggon?" I said Yes - he asked if I was going down to it; I said Yes - he said he was going that way, and as we were going along I lost the box and money from my pocket; I did not see it taken, but the officer asked me if I had lost any thing - I said "Yes, a box;" I suppose the prisoner walked half a mile with me- I had it safe while he was with me: I had been to Mr. Chapple's, and paid him four sovereigns about a quarter of an hour before - the officer showed me the box; I said it was mine - the prisoner was close to me and another boy; the officer took them both.


                  JOSEPH 
                  NEWSOM
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner and another boy, one on each side the prosecutor, leading him along - I saw the prisoner put his hand into his pocket several times; I followed them to Barbican - they separated from him; I went, and took them both - the prisoner dropped this box at my feet; there was some tobacco in it, but nothing else - the prosecutor was drunk- he said he had lost his box, and at the office he said there was a sovereign and a half-crown in it.
(Box produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The officer came and took me, and said I dropped the box, which I did not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
