





1245. 
               
                  JOHN LATHAM 
                  HAWKINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of June
, 1 1/2 yard of kerseymere, value 15s.; 1 yard of shalloon, value 2s.; 2 yards of calico. value 1s. 6d.; 2 skeins of silk, value 6d., and 2 yards of twist, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Kaines
               




            .
JOHN KAINES. I am a tailor
, and live at Strutton-place, Strutton-ground, Westminster; the prisoner was my apprentice
 for about twelve months. I went out on the 5th of June, and returned about eight o'clock, and there was a boy of the name of Smith talking to the prisoner - I asked what he wanted - he said he came to ask for work - I told the prisoner to lock up the place - I went home and got my supper, and dozed in my chair till about eleven o'clock - I wondered the prisoner was not come - I went down to my shop, and found the door was open - the watchman had fastened it with a nail - I went there the next morning, and missed the materials for two waistcoats.


                  CHARLES 
                  WATTS
               



            . On Wednesday morning, the 7th of June, the prosecutor told me the prisoner had gone away with some articles - I met the prisoner on the Saturday following, and asked him to go with me to his master - he said he would not then, but would in the evening, after he had been to Somers'-town to see his sister; while we were talking, the street-keeper came up - I went for his master, who came and asked what he had done with the property - he said he had made them up, and pawned them.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Tottenham-court-road. I have a waistcoat pawned in the name of J. Smith - it was not by the prisoner, but a person much taller than him.


                  JOHN 
                  FOUCH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a waistcoat pawned in the name of J. Smith, not by the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
