





FIFTH DAY, MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1822.
231. 
               
                  JOSEPH FOLEY


               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, one carriage glass, value 3 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Philip Western 
                  Wood
               




            , Esq.




                  JOHN 
                  ABBOTT
               



            . I am coachman to 
               
                  Philip 
                  Western
               



             Wood, Esq. On the 17th of December, about six o'clock in the evening, I was driving the coach in Russel-square, between Montague, and Bedford-place, the glass was safe in Montague-place; and in Russell-square


, I heard the steps falling down - I turned my head and saw two men at the door, taking the glass out; I pulled up, and desired my fellow servant to jump down - he pursued, they ran in different directions. I missed the glass in getting down, I saw them lifting it up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEIGHTON
               



            . I am footman to 
               
                  Philip 
                  Western
               



             Wood, Esq. I was on the box with Abbott, he pulled up in Russell-square - I looked round, and saw the prisoner having hold of the carriage-door, the steps were down, another man was with him; I jumped down, they ran off. I followed the prisoner, and never lost sight of him, till the patrol took him; the glass was not found, they ran different ways.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am a patrol. I stopped the prisoner who was walking, Leighton was close behind, pursuing him - and said,
"Take that man, he has robbed my master's coach of the glass;" the prisoner said,
"I will defy you or any man in England, to say I have the glass."
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning from Brunswick-square, it rained hard, I ran to Montague-place; the rain abated, and I walked leisurely towards the Museum, the patrol said, he wanted me; the footman said,
"I am not certain of you, till the coachman sees you."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
