





330. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  MESSER
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Dixon
                     



                   on the King's highway, on the 9th of December
, putting her in fear, and taking from her person, and against her will, two gowns, value 9 s.; two aprons, value 2 s.; a handkerchief, value 1 s., and a quarter of an ounce of cotton, value 1/2 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Dixon
               



            .
ANN DIXON. I am servant
 to Mr. Faulkeaer, of Nagg's-head-court, Gracechurch-street. On the 9th of December, about three o'clock, I left my master's house, and about a quarter to nine I fell in with the prisoner in Bishopsgate-street. She came up and pleaded distress to me, saying she was in want of refreshment. I said it was not in my power to relieve her, but she was welcome to a drop of poster. She took me into a house in London-wall, where we had a pint of beer. I came out, she followed me - I had a bundle containing the articles stated in the indictment, which belonged to John Dixon, my husband. We walked a few yards from the house - she then made a snatch at my bundle, but did not succeed - I got my gown torn in the struggle. I thought she was gone - but when I was not prepared for her she came and made a sudden snatch, and got it, without using violence; she ran off with it. I gave an alarm, and the officer took her on the spot, before she got out of my sight. I am certain she is the woman.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not give it to me to hold, and then tell me to run after a man who was your fellow-servant? A. No; it is false.


                  CHARLES 
                  STAPLES
               



            . I am an officer. I was there accidentally, and heard the cry of Stop thief! - several persons were running; they said the prisoner was gone through Pitcher's-court, and I found her there, in the corner of a large dust-hole, with the bundle under her arm.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 33.
Of 


               stealing from the person only
            . - 


               Transported for Life
            .
