





1327. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of September
, a basket value 1 s., a saw, value 2 s., a knife, value 6 d., and a drinking glass, value 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BROWN
               



            . I live in the Colonade - I have a garden near Spa-fields


; I was there on the Wednesday in last week; this basket and knife, and several glasses were then in the summer house. I received information last Friday; I went to Hatton-garden and saw them there; I had left them locked up in the summer house.


                  SAMUEL 
                  DAVENPORT
               



            . I live in Middleton-street, Clerkenwell; I was in Hanmel-street on the 9th of September, and saw the prisoner in Mr. Mason's garden; I knew he had no right there; when he saw me he ran away; I got to the top of the field, and saw the articles now produced with some others, lying on the ground, they were not in his possession; in about ten minutes I saw him on the outside of the garden; (I had then taken the things home) he was coming back to the place where I first saw him; I called out, and pursued him, he was stopped in Middleton-terrace; he had a knife which Mr. Brown claimed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am a constable, and took him into custody - I found the knife which Mr. Brown claims; the prisoner said the articles were given him by another boy in the garden.


                  GEORGE 
                  BROWN
               



             re-examined. Q. How had the door been opened. A. I suppose by this hatchet which was taken from a neighbour's garden, whose summer house had been broken.

Prisoner's Defence. As I was coming along the gardens, I saw a boy who said I might have the things if I pleased. The gentleman saw me, and said I had taken them, but I had not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
