





2152. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  STONE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of September
, 4 live tame rabbits, price 4s., the property of 
                     
                        Eliza 
                        Ennos
                     



                  ; and 1 sack, value 1s.; 1 jacket, value 1s., and 1 apron, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Knewstubb
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  AUGUST
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On the 21st of September, I saw the prisoner, about twenty minutespast twelve o'clock at night, coming down Windmill-hill


, about three miles on the Edgware-road, about one hundred yards from the prosecutor's house - he had this bag, and the four rabbits in it; I said, "What have you got?" he said,"Rabbits, which I have brought for twenty miles;" I said,"Let me look at them?" they were quite warm - he then said they were his own, and he had plenty more at his residence, about a mile off; I asked who he worked for; he said Mr. Ennos - I went there, and knocked; the prisoner said, "It is no use knocking, they won't hear you - get over the yard:" I said, "No, there is a great dog there;" he said, "No, the dog is poisoned, and is dead."


                  JOHN 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I was with my brother officer. I had information of a jacket being stolen the same evening; I found this jacket on the prisoner's back, and this apron by the side of a hedge.
JOHN KNEWSTUBB. I am in the employ of Mr. Charles Ennos. I lost this jacket and apron from the outhouse where I had left them on the Saturday.


                  CHARLES 
                  ENNOS
               



            . These premises belong to my father - the rabbits were the property of my sister Eliza; these are the skins of them - I saw them just after they were killed, and knew them; the out-house on our premises was broken open - the prisoner was in our employ as a labourer
; I had paid him on the Saturday night - we had only a small dog on the premises; we had a large one which died some time ago - I do not know whether it was poisoned.
Prisoner's Defence. My master gave me liberty to lie down; I was returning after supper; as I was going in the gates, I saw three men, who ran away - I went to the place, and found these rabbits in the sack, and the jacket; I took them on my shoulder, and was looking after these men, when the officer came and took me - I took off the sack, and showed them; I said they were my master's property, and some men had been and killed them - they took me back to my master's; I never told the officer I brought them twenty miles.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
