





642. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  LANGTON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of January
, 1 saw, value 24s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  David 
                  Thomas
               




            .
DAVID THOMAS. I am a journeyman sawyer
. On the 18th of January, the prisoner, who was a stranger, came to my room in Coleman-court, Bunhill-row. I had been out of work some weeks; he said he wanted a mate, with a good saw, to go with him to a four months job - I asked about the job; he said they were good three-feet logs - I said I had no saw that would cut them, but could borrow one - I gave him money to get a pint of beer, while I had my breakfast, and got the saw; we then went on to Bow-church; he went into a public-house there, where he said he was known, and said "Leave the saw here, and step with me;" he took me down a turning, and told me to wait while he went into a house and got his things - I waited some time - he did not return - I went down the court, and found it lead into the street again; I ran to the public-house for the saw; they said the man who left it had taken it away; I went to Old Ford, where he said the job was; but there was no job there; he was taken a few days after.


                  JAMES 
                  ALCOCK
               



            . I am a sawyer. The prisoner came to me at the Anchor and Hope public-house, Mill-wall, on the 18th of January, and said he had got a saw to sell - I asked how he got it; he said his brother (who had three of that size) gave it him to sell - he asked 15s.; I gave him 4s., and was to give him the rest when I had got it.


                  CHARLES 
                  HUDSON
               



            . I was informed of the robbery, and took the prisoner at Bow a few days afterwards.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
