





968. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DAVIDSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, 40lbs. of lead, value 5s., the goods of our Lord 
                     
the King



                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to the Right Honourable


                  Charles 
                  Arbuthnot
               



            , 
               
                  William Dacres 
                  Adams
               



            , Esq.
, and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Dawkins
               



            , Esq.
 and fixed to a building of theirs.
MR. BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALLENSBY
               



            . I am a special constable, and was employed by Mr. Nash to watch the workmen as they left Carlton House


. On the 10th of March, at eight o'clock, I saw the prisoner coming out in company with Wheeler, at the great gate - the prisoner went towards Charing-cross - he had this handkerchief under his left arm, with something which appeared more weighty than victuals; I followed, passed him, and returned; and by a sudden gust of wind, I saw the top of a leaden weight out of his pocket - he turned up the Haymarket; Wheeler left him at the top of Panton-street - I followed the prisoner to the house of Mrs. Wellington, a dealer in marine-stores, in Crown-street, Soho - I stopped at the door, heard a rattling at the seales, went in, collared him and said, "What have you got here?" he said, "What is that to you;" he took this leaden weight from his pocket, and made a desperate blow at me with it - I caught it, or it must have killed me; he made a desperate struggle, and threw me down against a chair; I got up, and threw him down; he took up an iron sash-weight, and struck me with that; I got the poker, and secured him - I saw him throw some other pieces of lead out of his pocket; I took him to the office - I got Elizabeth Grant to collect the lead; it was brought to the watch-house; I went to Carlton House, and compared the lead with some on the premises - this piece of pipe matches a piece which was fixed to Carlton House; here are several pieces; what he said at the office was written down.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Was not that because they thought of convicting for a misdemeanor? A. Yes; it is water-pipe; he was detained for an assault.


                  THOMAS 
                  ORGILL
               



            . I am clerk of the works at CarltonHouse, under Mr. Nash; the prisoner worked there as a carpenter; I compared the lead, and each of the pieces match; there were sash-weights of this description; eight o'clock is the breakfast hour.
Cross-examined. Q. Can you swear to any piece of lead there? A. I swear it matches.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WELLINGTON
               



            . I serve in my mother's shop, in Crown-street. The prisoner brought some lead there; he had some in a blue handkerchief, and some under his coat; the officer came in directly after him; he tried to throw some away; I picked up some of it, and gave to the officer.


                  ELIZA 
                  GRANT
               



            . I was outside the shop; I picked up some pieces of lead.
- HILLVER. Carlton House is now pulling down; it was the residence of the King. The Right Honourable Charles Arbuthnot and others are the Commissioners.
Prisoner's Defence. I took the lead from home in the morning, when I went to work; it belonged to some houses of my own.
- BANKS. I am a plumber. I believe the prisoner had some old houses in Gray's-inn-lane; I have worked for him there three years ago. I cut up an old cistern and some other lead for him; I think these two pieces of lead do not match.
MR. BOLLAND. Q. Do you know that he has houses? A. He told me he had Nos. 2 and 3. James-street.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
