






614. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SABEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HAYCRAFT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of March
, one handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        William Perfect 
                        Richards
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PERFECT RICHARDS
               



            . I am a clerk
 to Messrs. Curtis and Co. On the 20th of March, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was opposite St. Andrew's Church, Holborn


, and felt something at my pocket, turned round, and saw my handkerchief in the hands of the prisoner Sabey; the prisoners were both together - I charged him with it, he threw it down and denied it. I gave him in charge. Haycraft ran off down Shoe-lane - I cannot be certain of him, but believe him to be the person.
Prisoner. SABEY. Q. Was there not a crowd - A. Not till afterwards.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILDEN
               



            . I am a constable of Holborn. I was coming down Holborn-hill, and saw the two prisoners in company together; I followed them and saw Haycraft put his hand into Mr. Richard's pocket, take out something, and give it to Sabey - I knew them both before. Mr. Richards took Sabey, who dropped it. I seized both, but Haycraft got from me and ran down Shoe-lane. I took him two days afterward in St. James's Park.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  CORBY
               



            . I was with Wilden, and am certain of both the prisoners.
SABEY'S Defence. I was coming along, the gentleman turned round and said I had his handkerchief. I had my hands in my pocket at the time.
SABEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
HAYCRAFT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
