





521. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LEE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of September
, a canvas bag, value 2 d.; six sovereigns, a promisory note for payment of and value 100 l.; a warrant for payment of and value 35 l. 5 s.; and another warrant, for payment of and value 20 l., and a 5 l. Bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     George Draper 
                     Mann
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  Draper Brewman 
                  Woodward
               



            .


                  GEORG 
                  MANN
               



            . I am in partnership with Draper 
               
                  Brewman 
                  Woodward
               



            ; we are stationers

, in Cornhill


; prisoner came into our service on the day this happened. On the 19th of September I lost a bag containing the property, it was in the till - he came in the morning to supply the place of our own lad, who was taken ill; he had no business at the till, or behind the counter - about five minutes before I left the shop I put all this property into the bag, preparing to go home; it was between seven and eight o'clock; I went down stairs, leaving him alone in the shop; immediately I was down I heard a swift step in the shop; I ran up, and the prisoner was gone; he ought not to have left. I looked towards the till, and saw it partly open; I had left it quite closed, nobody but him could have opened it - the contents were gone. I did not see him again till he was in custody, at the Mansion House, last Wednesday week - I have recovered none of the property.


                  DANIEL 
                  BENJAMIN LEADBETTER
               



            . I am a marshalsman. On the 26th of March, I was opposite the Mansion House, and seeing a crowd, I crossed over to them - the prisoner was there, and the prosecutor's boy accusing him of robbing his master; I detained him. Mr. Woodward charged him with it - I asked him what he had done with the cheque; he said he threw it away with other papers, in Fleet-street. I asked him if the money was all in gold; he said No, there was a 5 l. note, and gold and silver, amounting to about 11 l.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
