





1276. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SPINKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of May
, 8 smelling-bottles, with silver tops, value 3l. 16s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Apsley 
                  Pellatt
               




            , his master.


                  JOHN 
                  ALSUP
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Apsley Pellatt, a glass-manufacturer
, in St. Paul's church-yard


. The prisoner has been two years and a half there as porter
; in consequence of suspicion, on the 7th of May, I secreted myself in a corner of the shop, at eight o'clock in the evening; he had received my orders to lock up the front door, but before he did that I went and hid myself - he locked the door, and went into the glass room, and took these bottles; I went and let myself out at the front door unknown to him- I watched him out at the front, then returned to the shop to see what was gone, and left my fellow-servant to follow him; I followed, but he was out of sight, but in Aldersgate-street we found him in a public-house - I got an officer to take him - he was searched, and 8 smelling-bottles found on him, which are worth 3l. 16s. with the tops -I missed them from the room.
Prisoner. The firm is Pellatt and Green. Witness, Master has no partner now.


                  FREDERICK 
                  MOSS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Pellatt. I went out with Alsup, and found the prisoner at a public-house- the property was found on him.
JOHN 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am an officer. I found the bottles on the prisoner, between his shirt and skin.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I entered the prosecutor's employ with a ten years character, and had I been a depraved character, I certainly could have robbed them to a considerable amount.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
