






Before Mr. Justice Littledale.
273. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of December
, in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Hollett
                     



                  , 78 half-crowns, 1 crown, 1 bag, value 3d.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 2s., and 1 pair of buckles, value 2s.
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Dixey
               




            .
JOHN DIXEY. The prisoner lodged in the same house, and slept in the same bed with me, for four or five weeks. I left town on Monday, the 24th of December, about two o'clock, leaving a box in my room, which contained seventy-eight half-crowns, and a crown piece, in a bag - I had a black silk handkerchief, a pair of shoes and buckles in the room - I left my box locked - I returned on Wednesday, the 26th, about half-past five o'clock; I found my box broken open, and the nails lying about; it is in the same state now; my money was all gone, and the rest of the things.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Where are your lodgings? A. At No. 93, East-street, Manchester-square


. There were other lodgers, but not in that room; it is a lodging-house - I took the key of the box with me, but not the key of the room - I always locked the room when I went out to work, and left the key with the landlady, for whoever came in first; the house is in the parish of St. Mary-le-bone.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KENDALL
               



            . I am a servant, and lodge at No. 93, East-street, Mary-le-bone. I rent two rooms there, and let the back one to Dixey and the prisoner - I took my rooms of William Hollett, who rents the house, and occupies part of it - I heard of Dixey leaving on the 24th; and a little before eleven o'clock, on the night of Christmas day, in consequence of what my wife said, I went into their room, and found Dixey's box shut and locked, but the hasp was broken off - I tried to open it; it came open at once - I did not examine what was in it; the prisoner was not in the house - I then left in quest of him, and found him at the end of East-street, coming across from Blandford-street - I immediately gave him in charge of a watchman, on suspicion of breaking open this trunk - I did not either threaten or promise him any thing, nor did any body else; on our way to the watch-house, he said, "Oh! dear me, it is all over with me now, I shall be hung" - I immediately said, "Then, Jones, it is you that has broken open the box;" he said it was; we then took him to the watch-house; he was searched; some half-crowns were found on him, and also a bag, and a black silk handkerchief; the shoes were found on his feet.
Cross-examined. Q. What is the landlord's name? A. I do not know how to spell it - I believe it is Hollett; he is not here; the constable told me his name was William - I do not know it myself; what the prisoner said was quite voluntary.


                  CORDELIA 
                  WALTER
               



            . I am the wife of Edward Walter; he keeps a chandler's shop in Mary-le-bone-lane. On Christmas night, from half-past ten, to half-past eleven o'clock, I saw the prisoner at my door; he came into my shop, and was quite tipsy; he said he had got plenty of money, and wanted us to have something to drink, but we did not; he told my husband he had plenty of money, and would lend him a sovereign, if he wanted it; my husband said, "Well you can," and with that he threw down some silver on the counter; my husband counted out 5l. all in half-crowns, except one crown-piece; he told him he would take care of it, till the morning when he should have it again, as he was so much in liquor - I said, "Jones, where have you got all this money from?" he said he had been doing some work for Harris, the Jew, and he had paid him - I gave the money up at Mary-le-bone Office to the Magistrate; there was no bag with it; we rolled it up in paper.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you known him long? A. Between two and three years, merely by his painting and glazing for us; we thought him harmless and inoffensive.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAKER
               



            . I keep the Boar's Head public-house, Blandford-street, Portman-square. The prisoner was in the habit of coming to my house for the last three or four weeks - I saw him there about five o'clock in the evening of Christmas day; a person called me - I called the prisoner to me, and said, I understood he was throwing about half-crowns in a careless manner, and I thought he had better give them to me to take care of; he gave me sixteen half-crowns, and said, "Now, that is all that I have got, and I want to treat my friends in Mary-le-bone-lane." I think he said something about 1l. or 2l. which he had not spent; he was very tipsy indeed, and I said he should have nothing more at my house that night - I do not know that he had any thing at my house; he said, "Will you let me have a bottle of wine to carry to my friends in Mary-lebone-lane" - I said he was not able to carry it; he asked me to send it, and I sent my pot-boy with a bottle of wine, and a bottle of rum.
Cross-examined. Q. What became of the money? A. It is in my hands; the wine and rum is not paid for; they sent for two bottles of wine afterwards; this was at five o'clock, and he certainly was not sober then.


                  GEORGE 
                  DALE
               



            . I am a constable of Mary-le-bone. I went to Mr. Hollett's, a few days ago, to enquire his name, and he told me it was William - I did not know him before. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, between eleven and twelve o'clock on Christmas night, by Kendall, the watchman - I found on him twelve half-crowns, one shilling, two sixpences, and about 3d. in copper, a black silk handkerchief on his neck, and a canvas bag, which I produce; he was tipsy; the 5l. worth of silver was given to me at the office by Walter, by order of the Magistrate.
Cross-examined. Q. You are not acquainted with Hollett? A. No; he did not tell me his name in the prisoner's presence - I believe he is in health; the money found, amounts to 8l. 12s.
JOHN DIXEY. This is my bag; it is sewn up at the bottom - I have had it three years; my name is on the handkerchief - I have lodged at Hollett's house seven weeks. I know he goes by the name of William; the house is in the parish of St. Mary-le-bone.
Cross-examined. Q. Is he called Hollett or Mr. Hollett? A. I do not know - I do not speak to him once a week - I never heard what name he was called by - I never lent the prisoner a handkerchief; he once took one from my room, without my leave, and returned it.
COURT. Q. You never heard Hollett called William? A. No - I say his name is William, because the constable says so.
GUILTY. Aged 22.
Of 


               stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
