





412. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FARMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of January
, one pair of boots, value 36 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gowen
                        



                     
                  ; and one great coat, value 3 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Law
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        John 
                        Gowen
                     



.


                  CHARLES 
                  LAW
               



            . I am clerk
 to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Gowen
               



            , wine-broker
, of Mark-lane


. On the 15th of January, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I had been out, and on my return, I found the prisoner in the counting-house. He asked if I would buy any quills; I told him to go about his business; and on his getting down one step of the door, I observed something blue in his basket, I asked what he had got - he made no answer, but was going down another step, I collared and took him back, and found my own great coat and a pair of boots of Mr. Gowen's, which were quite new. I cannot swear to the boots. I had had my coat about a year. I value it at 3 l. He said it was his first offence, and wished to be let go. He had two hundred quills and a large sack at the bottom of his basket.


                  JOHN 
                  ALLINGHAM
               



            . I am an officer, and took him in charge.
(Coat produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. A young man came up and said,
"How does trade go;" I said,
"Very bad." He said,
"Go and fetch a coat out of that house, and I will give you more than you will get by selling quills all day."
GUILTY. Aged 19.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
