





155. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, two watch keys, value 1 s.; one seal, value 4 s., and part of a watch chain, value 6 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Homer
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  HOMER
               



            . On the 27th of November, about half-past five o'clock in the evening, I was turning out of Oxford-street


 down Rathbone-place, and was feeling in my pocket for some halfpence, when some person pulled at my watch - the chain broke, and he ran down Rathbone-place with the seal and keys. The prisoner was secured - I do not know him.


                  EDWARD 
                  POWELL
               



            . I saw Mr. Homer at the corner of Oxford-street. The prisoner came up, and asked what o'clock it was? Mr. Homer said he would tell him, and the prisoner snatched at his watch. I am sure he is the man - I knew him before by sight.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did not you say at Marlborough-street that you did not know him - A. No. It lasted about a minute - I stood just by.


                  JOHN 
                  MANCLARK
               



            . I was going down Rathbone-place, and heard the cry of Stop thief! the prisoner came by with a great-coat, I followed and collared him. I lost sight of him, but am sure he is the man. He said he had just come from Black Horse-yard. Emes came up and took him.
Cross-examined. Q. What distance were you - A. About fifty yards. He was the first person running. A man pursued him on horseback.


                  JOHN 
                  EMES
               



            . I am a watch-house keeper. I was in Rathbone-place, and heard the cry; the prisoner ran by me, and I followed him. Clark took him and gave him to me. He said,
"I will go with you, Emes." I found nothing on him.
MR. HOMER. re-examined. I do not recollect his asking the time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
