





1155. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     MAPP
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of August
, one watch, value 2 l., and one key, value 2 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Carr
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ANN 
                  BODY
               



            . I live at Camden-row, Bethnal-green-road. On the 19th of August, at four o'clock in the afternoon, I was walking with Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Carr
               



             on Bethnal-green


, and was met by the prisoner and three more. As the prisoner passed he snatched Mr. Carr's watch from his fob. They all ran off except one, who tried to hinder me from pursuing the prisoner, but I did, and saw him take his hat off. I ran about a hundred yards. He was not out of my sight while I followed. Stevenson pursued the same man and took him. I saw the prisoner full five minutes before he came up, remembered him, and can swear to him. Stevenson and others brought him back in a quarter of an hour. The watch was produced before that. Mr. Carr is eighty-seven years old, his sight is very bad, and he knows nothing about it.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did not you say you knew him by his dress - A. No; I knew him by his features and his person.


                  CHARLES 
                  STEVENSON
               



            . I am a butcher, and live at Bethnal-green. I was in the shop, and heard Body call Stop thief! She was pursuing the prisoner. I ran by her and met a gentleman who said
"There he goes." He had turned round by the Greyhound. I saw him before he turned the corner. He was still running alone. I followed her to Green-street. He turned up North-place. I went a shorter way round, and met him at the end of North-place. He was then walking but very much heated and out of breath. I am sure he is the man. He said,
"Have you got him?" I laid hold of him and said,
"Yes, I have got him now." I did not exactly know what he had been doing, and as nobody came to my assistance I let him go. He turned short round and came back into Green-street as hard as he could. Before he had got to the bottom of North-place a person came up and said he had stolen a watch. I instantly followed him, he crossed Green-street, and I found him in custody in about five minutes. Some brick-makers had detained him till I came. I am certain he is the man. He strongly denied every thing, and said he ran because the people called stop thief. Directly Mrs. Body saw him, she said he was the man, and gave him in charge.
MR. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  CROWDER
               



            . I am an officer in the army. I was passing on the green when I heard the cry of stop thief, and saw Mrs. Body and four young men; one ran off and she pursued him. I followed and saw him take his hat off and wipe his face, and in putting it on again he threw his hand over the fore-court as if he threw something away. I lost sight of him. I went to the spot, and on the railing I found the watch; it had opened in falling. Wild took it up and delivered it to Body.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILD
               



            . I live at Bethnal-green. I picked the watch up under the railings of an empty house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
