






1175. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DUGGAN
               



             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  GIBBONS
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of May
, 48lbs. of lead, value 8s. the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Aldus
                     




                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be fixed to a building.
DUGGAN 


               pleaded GUILTY
            .
WILLIAM ALDUS. I live in Grub-street


; some lead was stolen from a house of mine.


                  EDWARD 
                  JONES
               



            . On the 30th of April I sat up all night with Snelling, in Type-court, Grub-street - between two and three o'clock I heard a knocking on the top of the opposite house; we sat quietly, and in the course of the night, we saw Gibbons get up once or twice, and while he was away the knocking ceased; between six and seven we went out and met the prisoners coming down Grub-street together, with a basket in their hands, and in about half an hour we saw them go into a house in the court - between seven and eight o'clock I saw Gibbons come out of the house - we then went down-stairs, went into the house, and met Duggan coming out with a basket of lead- we afterwards matched the lead with the top of Aldus' house; it was fresh cut, and a great quantity gone - what we took exactly matched the cuts, but more was gone - we detained Duggan, and about eleven o'clock I found Gibbons in custody.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you give any alarm when Gibbons came out? A. No, because we suspected that Duggan was inside - he brought nothing out that I saw.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SNELLING
               



            . I was with Jones; his account is correct; I saw Gibbons in the court several times that night; there were two or three in the party, but I knew Gibbons before, and heard his voice several times distinctly - between six and seven o'clock in the morning we met them in Grub-street, with a basket; we went into the RedLion public-house, and saw them both enter the house with a basket; Gibbons came out alone, very dirty, as if he had been over some ruins; we went in and took Duggan in three minutes, with the lead in the basket, ready to start.
Cross-examined. Q. How was he ready to start? A. He was near the door, coming out; I did not follow Gibbons, because we went to see who was in the house; he walked quietly away.


                  JOHN 
                  BEE
               



            . I am a headborough. I found Gibbons at a public-house in Whitecross-street on the morning of the 1st of May - I found nothing on him; I said I wanted him about some lead - I asked him at the watch-house, who was on the top of the house with him; he said, nobody- I applied the lead to the roof; it matched exactly.


                  EDWARD 
                  JONES
               



            . A knife was found on Duggan; they had made a hole through a ceiling to get to Aldus' house; the hole was fresh broken, and the rubbish lay there.
GIBBONS' Defence. I had occasion to go into the house, but took no basket in.
GIBBONS - 

               GUILTY
            .
Both 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
