





1036. 
               
                  
                     ANTHONY 
                     BEACHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
, one miniature-painting, value 30 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Paris
                  




               
            .


                  JANE 
                  PARIS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  George 
                  Paris
               



            ; we live at No. 29, Globe-road, Mile End


. This miniature painting hung over the parlour chimney-piece. On the 21st of July, about eight o'clock in the evening, I heard some one run across the passage, followed the person out of the gate, and saw two or three lads running down the road. I returned to the parlour, and called a neighbour, but missed nothing then. I saw the prisoner in custody in about half an hour, and found the miniature at the office next morning.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  HEMMINGS
               



            . I am a flax-dresser, and live in Globe-fields. At eight o'clock in the evening, I heard a cry of Stop thief! in ten minutes I went into our yard, and found the prisoner between some tar-barrels there, with his right hand under his arm, folding something in a handkerchief - I collared him and asked what he did there? he asked what business it was of mine? I found the miniature in his hat. He began fighting me, and I took him to my master - he told two or three different stories. He said he had been selling apples about with a donkey, and somebody gave it to him, but he did not know who; and then he said his brother gave it to him. He was given into custody.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw a boy throw it down, and picked it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years. - 



                     Penitentiary
                  
.
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
