






1913. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  JUST
               




             and 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  ENGLISH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of September
, 3 lbs. of starch, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Jones
               




            .


                  CELINA 
                  JONES
               



            . I am the wife of Richard Jones - we keep a shop
 in Camden-street, Islington


. On the evening of the 8th of September I was in the back room, and caught a glimpse of a hand taking something from the window; he came close to the counter, and took something from the window, and either gave it to another man at the door, or else he passed that man and the other came in - I went to the door, and called Stop thief! my husband followed me- I passed one of them just in the shop (I believe that was English;) my husband followed the other, who was running - English walked out after the other; he did not run.
RICHARD JONES. My wife called out; I came out - she said, "There he goes;" I saw a man running, and pursued him; English (who was just at the door) put his foot forward to trip me up; I think it was intentional - I still followed the other man; I lost sight of him as he turned the corner, and when I turned I found him in custody - it was Just; I believe him to be the man: I putmy hand on his shoulder, and he dropped the starch on the ground - it was one of my parcels, and on returning to the shop I missed one parcel of starch.


                  RICHARD 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I stopped just in Colebrook-row, as he turned the corner from a cry of Stop thief! the prosecutor and some others came up; I saw him drop the starch behind him; he tried to drop it into the river; English was then close behind me, endeavouring to interfere; I said, "You had better be off - I shall know your face again;" he went off.


                  EDWARD 
                  SPENCER
               



            . On the night in question I saw Just running, with a blue paper parcel in his hand; I saw English near the shop - he put his foot out, and tried to trip up Mr. Jones.
Cross-examined by Mr. BODKIN. Q. Where were you standing? A. At the corner of Camden-street, opposite the shop; they ran from me - it was between six and seven o'clock in the evening.


                  THOMAS 
                  COPE
               



            . I am a constable. I took Just; I saw English in the crowd - he afterwards came to the office.


                  JAMES 
                  ISAACS
               



            . I was in the waiting-room at the office - Just was brought in; English came in, and Just said to him, "You know, George, when I left you, I had been to take a watch home; there was a crowd, and a cry of Stop thief! they took me, and said I thieved this parcel;" English said, "You are lucky, by G-d;" Just said, "Go and tell my old woman where I am:" English then walked round, and looked at the bills; one Wilson came up to him, and said, "You had better bolt or run, George, or else you will be grabbed:" he was going out - I said, "Your friend wants you," and he was detained.
Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. A harnessmaker; I assist my father, who is a watch-house-keeper.


                  THOMAS 
                  COPE
               



             re-examined. Wilson was only charged with being in the crowd, and saying, "As a gentleman, I will see you do your duty."
JUST'S Defence. English was not in my company. I had been to take a watch home.
ENGLISH'S Defence. I was taking a walk, and happened to run against Mr. Jones - I begged his pardon: soon after a friend of mine was taken to Hatton-garden - I went there, and was committed.
JUST - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
ENGLISH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
