





FOURTH DAY, MONDAY, JULY 23.
947. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of May
, two decanters, value 3 l. 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Jackson
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Jackson
               



            ; we live in Northumberland-street, and have a shop in Henrietta-street, Covent-garden


, in the glass trade
. On the 18th of May, the prisoner came in and asked the price of cut glass decanters, and said he came from Mrs. Lee of the Stamp Office, Somerset House, and wished to see some, that she saw in the window on Saturday. I did not know Mrs. Lee. He wished to know the price - that he might let Mrs. Lee know. I said three guineas. He whistled, and said that would be too much, and went away. He returned in about half an hour, and said Mrs. Lee wished me to let him take them to shew her. I said I would take or send them myself, in a little time. He said they must come directly, as Mr. Lee was going to leave town, and Mrs. Lee wished him to see them before he left, as she had fixed her mind on them. I took them out of the window, and went towards Somerset house, he went before me. I found him at Somerset house. We went down the area into the door, and partly up a flight of steps, and there he said
"I must take them to my mistress myself," and took the basket from my hand. I waited twenty minutes, or half an hour, but never saw him or the basket again. I could find no Mr. Lee there. On the Saturday, I found there was a Mr. Lee in the Antiquarian Office. On the 15th the prisoner passed my door inNorthumberland-street, I walked behind him to Scotland-yard, and collared him, and said
"You are the man who had my decanters, do not you remember me." He made no answer. I said
"You cannot have forgotten me." He turned round, and twisted himself from me, leaving part of his coat in my hand. I pursued, calling Stop thief! he made a kick at me, I have been lame ever since. I secured him, and am confident he is the man; he put himself in an attitude to strike me, he doubled his fist but missed me.


                  FRANCES 
                  PARBURY
               



            . I have part of this shop, and am in the straw way; a few days before the decanters were stolen, the prisoner called at my shop, and enquired for Mr. Mann, whose name is on the door. I said, Mr. Mann was not within, but Mrs. Jackson was, and I would deliver a message to her. On the day the decanters were taken I saw a man pass through into the shop, and thought he appeared like the man, but could not be sure. But I am certain he is the man who called before.
Prisoner's Defence. They are mistaken in my person. I never saw them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
