





55. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of November
, five pair of stockings, value 3 s.; four handkerchiefs, value 2 s.; three waistcoats, value 4 s.; one night-cap, value 6 d., and one shirt, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Stokes
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  STOKES
               



            . I live in Five Foot-lane, Old Fish-street


. On the 10th of November these things weretaken out of my lodging, on the third floor; the prisoner was a stranger. I left about seven o'clock in the morning, they were safe then in a bundle. I had asped the door, I returned about five o'clock and they were gone, she was in custody with them.


                  ELIZA 
                  ROTTRY
               



            . I lodge on the second floor. Between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I came out of my room, and heard a step on the stairs below; I went down and overtook the prisoner with something under her shawl. I asked the landlady if she knew her, she said No, she rushed by and shut the street door, the landlady went after her. I am sure she is the woman; she was brought back directly with the bundle which belonged to Stokes.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  BALDUCK
               



            . I keep the house, the prisoner passed us and shut the street door, I pursued her to Old Fish-street. I am certain of her person, she was brought back with the bundle, she said she had got nothing but her own property, and she had not been in the house. Then she said she went in to tye up her garter.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a constable. I took her in charge, and found three keys on her.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I saw a bundle on the ground, a woman advised me to pick it up, which I did, and two women came and asked what I had got. One key belonged to my lodging, and the others to a shop and parlour which I had taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
