





1050. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  EDMONDS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of May
, four shirts, value 20 s., and a gold pin, value 2 s. 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Evelyn 
                  Waddington
               




            .


                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               



            . I keep the White Horse Inn, Fetter-lane


. The prisoner came there for a bed on Saturday night, the 7th of May; I had a gentleman in the house of the name of Waddington, who made some complaint on the Sunday morning; the prisoner came down about the same time, and I sent for an officer and had him searched - nothing was found upon him, but three shirts were found in his hat, which was brought out of the coffee-room, where he had been sitting, before he was taken into the private room to be searched.


                  RICHARD 
                  FLEY
               



            . I am a waiter at this house; the prisoner came to lodge there, in the room No. 23. Mr. Waddington made a complaint next morning - I saw the prisoner come down into the coffee-room with his hat in his hand, which he put down on the bench; he was afterwards taken into a private room to be searched: I was present when his room was searched - one shirt was found between the bed and the mattress, with a pin in it; he had said it was likely he should want the bed on the following night.


                  THOMAS 
                  NORMAN
               



            . I am a waiter at the house. I heard this complaint, and saw the prisoner coming down stairs with his hat in his hand, which he put down beside him, on the seat of the coffee-room; he asked for his boots, and one of the servants said they should be brought in a few minutes. In the mean time my master sent for an officer, who came, and took him into another room; he left his hat on the seat where he had been sitting; I fetched it, and it had two clean and one dirty shirts in it. Mr. Waddington's room was on the floor under that in which the prisoner slept in; it was about half-past two o'clock on Sunday morning before the prisoner came down.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY KING
               



            . I was sent for to apprehend the prisoner; I searched him, and found a large spike nail on him, wrapped up in a handkerchief, which, I should think, would open a strong lock.
Prisoner. I found the nail on the Woolwich-road, coming to London; and it is reckoned very unlucky in my country if you should find a thing, not to put it into your pocket.
EVELYN WADDINGTON. I am a student at Cambridge
. I was going to the sea side, and came down about twelve or one o'clock on the Sunday morning. I looked into my bag, and my shirts and the pin were missing - I then complained.


                  CHARLES 
                  AUGUSTUS SAVAGE
               



            . I am a neighbour of Mr. Jones's. I went, and desired to see the prisoner in a private room - he was searched, and nothing found upon him; I then found the three shirts in the hat, and the shirt and pin between the bed and mattress.
Prisoner. The hat is not mine; mine was bought at Liverpool, and had a Liverpool mark upon it.



               GUILTY
             Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
