





1000. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     POULTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Emma 
                           Herbert
                        




                     
                  , spinster
, on the 11th of May
, putting her in fear, and taking from her person, and against her will, 1 shawl, value 12s.
            , her property.
EMMA HERBERT. I am single, and live in Wardour-street. On the 11th of May, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon I had been out a very long walk, and was taken very ill; I sat down on a stone in Compton-street; I had been walking all day, seeking a situation as a servant - I sat down, and put my hand to my forehead; the prisoner came up, and said, "You have been drinking; " I said I had not, but was unwell: I never saw her in my life before - she asked me to go with her and have a cup of tea; I refused, but she pressed me - I got up and followed her to No. 29, Rupert-street


, but do not believe I exchanged a word with her - I followed her up stairs; she took a key out of her pocket, and tried to open the room door - the street door was open: the moment she tried the key to the room door, a man caught hold of me, and she caught hold of my shoulder, and helped him - the man tore me down stairs head foremost; as he took hold of me, she took hold of the shawl. and pulled it off me - the man pulled me down stairs: I was senseless with the blow; I recovered a little, and went up stairs again, but the woman, the man, and shawl were gone gone; I went home. I found my shawl in pawn at the top of Compton-street, early the next morning; I informed a constable, who went with me to the house in Rupert-street, and took the prisoner - I am quite sure she is the person. I am a native of Wales, but have been in London thirteen or fourteen years.
Prisoner. Q. Did we have any thing to drink together? A. I did not drink with her at all, nor go to any public-house with her.
PETER TATE. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Princes-street, Soho. This shawl was pawned with me for 5s. in the name of Jones, on the 12th of May, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, by the prisoner; I did not ask where she got it, as she had pawned things before - she mentioned no name but Jones.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am an officer of St. James'. On the 12th of May the prosecutrix made a complaint to me; I went with her to Rupert-street, between twelve and one o'clock, to a house; I saw the prisoner on the stairs, and asked if her name was 
               
                  Mary 
                  Poulter
               



             - she said No; I was going up stairs - the prosecutrix called me back, and said,"That is the party;" I took her to the pawnbroker, who said she had pawned the shawl; she denied both the robbery and pawning it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was rather in liquor, and met this woman who was drunk, and a mob was round her; she complained to me of being ill, having knocked her head against a post - she said she dare not go home in that state, and if I took her home and gave her a cup of tea, she would pawn her shawl to pay for it; she gave me the shawl in the passage to pawn, but I said, "Let us put the kettle on first;" as we went up stairs my husband came home, and found us drunk - he threw us both down stairs- she told me she would come and breakfast with me after my husband was gone in the morning, instead of which she brought an officer.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Before Mr. Justice Littledule.
