






498. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LINDSEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, 1 coat, value 5s.
            , the goods of a person unknown.
JOB BRANCH. I am a gardener, and live at Maida-hill, Paddington. On the 12th of January I was in Lisson-grove, and met the two prisoners in company - they crossed the New-road and went down Stigo-lane; they then turned into Upper York-street, and went about forty yards to the left - there was a gig at the door of No.39; they crossed, looked into it, and went on towards Seymour-place- they appeared to speak to each other; Lindsey went up to the gig on the driving side, and took out a drab great coat - he turned the corner of Windham-place, and Green followed him; he threw the coat on his back, and they went on through several streets to George-street, Portman-square, Langham-place, Regent-street, and then turned into Oxford-street - as they went along they continued to look at the coat and to admire it; I met several patrols in Oxford-street - I spoke to them; Cost ran, and got ahead of them - they then cut across the road; I stopped them and said,
"You must not go any further" -Cost then came up and said,
"Where did you get that coat?" Lindsey said,
"I bought it; I can tell you where, but I shall not" - the coat belonged to a visitor, who is gone into the country.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What are you? A. A florist; my garden is at Maida-vale-I went to the house the next morning; the proprietor said it was a gentleman who called, and he knew nothing of him - the coat was taken between five and six o'clock in the evening; they were taken about half-past six - I never prosecuted a person before in my life; the prisoners did nothing to me - I have no prejudice against them.


                  GEORGE 
                  Cost
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was on duty - Branch told me some persons had stolen a coat; I asked where it was, and he said they had got it on - I crossed the road, and they crossed; I returned, and took them into custody - I asked Lindsey where he got it; he said he had bought it - I took them to the office, and went in search of the owner; I found the house, but could not find him.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you search them? A. My brother officer did; there were 13s. and a watch found on them.
LINDSEY'S Defence. I was coming down the square, and met an elderly man dressed like a countryman who asked for relief; he had this coat, which he said he could not pawn and would sell it to me for 5s. - I put it on; it fitted me, and I gave him 5s. for it; I met this young man, and told him I had bought a coat - he was looking at it when these men came and took me.
GREEN'S Defence. I met this prisoner; he said he bought the coat - we were walking home.
GREEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
LINDSEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
