






934. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  PEGRUM, alias 
WILLIAM LAWRENCE





            , and 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  UNCLE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, 200 yards of printed cotton, value 12l., and 10 pairs stockings, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  King
               




            .
MR. CRESWELL conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM KING. I live in Hare-street, Hertford


. I am a publican
, and have also a linen-drapery shop opposite my house. On the 26th of February the shop was secure, and next morning I found a hole broken in the wall of a neighbour's premises - my shop had been entered and these prints taken off a shelf - they had taken as many as they could reach from the hole - I knew Lawrence, he lived in the neighbourhood till he was about eighteen years old.


                  WREN 
                  KING
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son - I secured the shop door on the night of the 26th of February, and next morning missed this property.


                  DANIEL 
                  CORBY
               



            . I am a labourer, and live at Hormead. On the 6th of March I met the prisoners at Ponder's-end Middlesex - as I passed them Lawrence said, "I think you know me;" I said I did; he said, "Well, we will have a pot of beer;" we went into the Goat public-house, and had a pot of beer - I drank once, but told them I had no money; I saw a piece of print in Lawrence's pocket - he said, "For God's sake, don't you say you saw me; if you should get to Hare-street" - I afterwards heard King had been robbed, and gave information - before we went to the public-house I saw Lawrence shew the print to a woman; I do not know what he said to her, or what she took away, as I was at some distance - Uncle was close by at the time - there appeared about fifteen yards of print.


                  LEVY 
                  COXALL
               



            . I live about five miles from Hare-street. On the 27th of February, a little before four o'clock in the morning, I came through Hare-street, and about a mile from there I saw a man with a bundle - I cannot say who he was; he told me his name was Lawrence.


                  SUSAN 
                  WHEELER
               



            . I am the daughter of 
               
                  John 
                  Wheeler
               



            , and live at Tanner's-end, Edmonton. I know Lawrence, and I knew Uncle by the name of Joe. On the 5th of March Lawrence brought a bundle to our house, and asked if he might leave it there; I said Yes; Joe was not with him then - he called for it in about two hours, and took some pieces of print out, and gave me - he then took the bundle away - I took the print to Mrs. Wheeler, who lives next door - the officers took the same prints from them.



                  SARAH 
                  WHEELER
               



            . I live next door to Wheeler - she gave me some prints to see if I could cut her out a gown, and her sister a frock - the officers came on Saturday to search her father's house - they said they wanted prints, and I delivered them what she gave me.


                  STEPHEN 
                  MARKWELL
               



            . I am a labourer, and live at Enfield. On the 6th of March I went into the Nag's Head public-house - Lawrence was there - he asked me to drink, and then asked if I would walk with him across Edmonton fields; we went near Edmonton church, and met Uncle with a bundle - they had some conversation, which I did not hear. We had some more beer, and crossed the fields towards Enfield - Uncle opened his bundle in the field, and took out a large piece of print, but we saw Camp the constable coming along, and they put it up again and went on. I had a basket on my shoulder - they asked me to put the bundle into it, which I did. When we came near Enfield town they took the bundle out - we went into the Rising Sun public-house, and had some beer. Camp came in and said, "What is in that bundle?" Uncle said"A piece of cloth;" Camp untied it, and said, "This is print;" Uncle said, "I meant print;" we were all taken into custody. I heard Lawrence say at the watch-house, that if he was asked where he got the bundle, he should say an Irishman gave it them to carry; and he said, "If Mr. King comes down I shall be done;" but they should say an Irishman met them at Eofield highway, and said, "How does trade go?" and he would say, "Very badly;" and he said, "If you will carry this I will pay you." I saw Uncle pull his stocking down, and take out two duplicates from there, and put them under a piece of paper at the bottom of his hat.


                  JOHN 
                  CAMP
               



            . I am a constable of Edmonton. I met the prisoners in Edmonton fields - I saw them open the bundle - I followed them to the public-house, and took it from them - I afterwards went to Wheeler's, and got this print.


                  JOHN 
                  MEAD
               



            . I was with Camp - I found two duplicates in the crown of Uncle's hat, one is for sixteen yards of print pawned at Islington - I saw it, and it is the same pattern as that found at Wheeler's.(Property produced and sworn to.)
PEGRUM'S Defence. I saw Wheeler, but gave her nothing - I had no bundle - I only spoke to her brother.
UNCLE'S Defence. I bought the few pieces of print at Islington, of a Jew pedlar.
PEGRUM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.
UNCLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
