





638. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     RUSSELL
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of May
, 150 lbs. of lead, value 18 s., belonging to our Lord 
                     the King


                  , and fixed to a barrack
            .
MR. BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  WHITEHEAD
               



            . I am sergeant of the barracks in St. John's-wood


. On the 5th of May I missed thirty-four feet of lead off the barracks - it was in two lengths. I afterwards saw two pieces that were found on the prisoner, and assisted the officer in comparing them to the building - they fitted exactly.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a conductor of the patrol. On the 6th of May, about ten o'clock in the morning, I stopped the prisoner with another man who walked away - the prisoner had three pieces of lead tied in an apron. He said he had been to work at Kilburn, brought it from there, and was going to take it to Mr. Bing, of Tottenham-court-road, to change for new lead - that he was to bring 25 lbs. back, and his master lived at No. 7, Duke-street, Bloomsbury. He said he had about 40 lbs. of lead.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am an officer. I produce three pieces of lead which Smith gave to me - three more pieces were found in a field adjoining the barracks. We took the prisoner to a public-house, and met Mr. Bing's foreman there; he said, in his presence, that he did not know him, and that he had no dealings with any one in Duke-street. I went to No. 7, Duke-street, but found no such person there - I compared the lead with the rest, and they tallied exactly.


                  GEORGE 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . On the 7th of May I found three pieces of lead in a field by Primrose-hill. They fitted the three pieces that were found on the prisoner, and all six fitted the building.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
