






383. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HARDING
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     RUSSELL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, ten yards of calico, value 8 s.; five yards of flannel, value 6 s.; a shawl, value 10 s.; a pocket, value 3 d.; two sovereigns, and a half sovereign, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham 
                           Murray
                        



                     
                  , from the person of Johanna his wife

.


                     JOHANNA 
                     MURRAY
                  



               
            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Abraham 
                  Murray
               



            , patrol of St. George's. On the 12th of January, at half-past nine o'clock at night, I was in Parliament-street, Westminster, and saw the prisoners together; they asked me for relief, and begged me to give them something. I took them to a public-house at the corner of the street, gave them a quartern of gin and a penny loaf. I was going home to Portland-town, with a bundle, containing the articles stated in the indictment. We parted in Parliament-street, but they came up to me again in the Hay-market. Russell said they would see me home, as I had been so good as to treat them - I said I knew my way, but they would keep close by me, one on each side, till I got into Conduit-street. The watchman was then calling ten o'clock. They said nothing to me, but Harding dragged my pocket from my side, and Russell took my bundle. My pocket was sown to my side, but she tore it off the strings; it contained two sovereigns and a half, with some papers. A gentleman's servant caught hold of Harding, and another took Russell; they were both immediately given to the watchman.
Prisoner HARDING. Q. Did you not drop the bundle - A. No; they snatched it from me.


                  ISAAC 
                  GRIFFIN
               



            . I am watchman of Conduit-street. I was calling past ten o'clock, and seeing a crowd on the opposite side of the street, I went over; a livery servant pointed out the prisoners, who were surrounded by people. The servant said, in their hearing, that they had committed a robbery on the prosecutrix; he gave me the pocket and bundle. I wanted him to come to the watch-house with me. Harding escaped out of the crowd; I sprang my rattle; two more watchmen came up and held Russell, while I fetched her back. The servant gave me the property, and went away.
(Property produced and sworn to).
HARDING'S Defence. I was never near her in Parliament-street; she came up to us in the Haymarket, and asked us to shew her the way to Oxford-street; I asked her for some drink, which she gave us, and went into another house, and called for three glasses more. Her foot slipped; a gentleman's servant was behind; the bundle fell from her, and, with her stooping, her petticoat string broke. She called the watchman, who came up; we made no resistance. The gentleman's servant said he knew nothing about it.
RUSSELL made the same statement.
PROSECUTRIX. I only went into one public-house - it is all false.
HARDING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.
RUSSELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
