






Fifth Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Common Sergeant.
556. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SULLIVAN
               




             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  HOLYETT
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, 2 silver mugs, value 10l.; 3 silver spoons, value 2l., and 1 pair of silver tongs, value 6s. the goods of 
                     
                        John Henry 
                        Taylor
                     




                   in his dwelling-house
            .
JOHN HENRY TAYLOR. I live in Great Queen-street, Westminster


. On the 9th of February, I left home about ten o'clock in the morning; and on returning between twelve and one, the articles stated in the indictment were missing from my kitchen.


                  CATHERINE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am Mr. Taylor's servant; on the 9th of February, at eleven o'clock in the morning, I saw all the plate safe on the kitchen dresser; I left for ten minutes, and on my return it was gone - I know nothing of the prisoners.


                  JOHN 
                  WARREN
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. Sinclair gave me information, and described the prisoners to me; I found Sullivan at his own house, in Little Queen-street, Westminster, on the Monday morning after the robbery, between seven and eight o'clock; he said he knew nothing of it; I asked where the clothes were which he wore on Friday, having seen him myself in the dress which Sinclair had described; he said, "What odds does that make; I have got the same jacket on now;" I said, "You have got on new trousers, waistcoat, and shoes;" Woodbury and I took Holyett.


                  EDWARD 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On the 8th of February, the night before the robbery, I saw both the prisoners coming out of Duck-lane; I knew them before, and hearing Sullivan say to Holyett, "This way, come along." There was nobody by, and I took them to a public-house and searched them; but finding nothing on them, I let them go. Sullivan had on a cap without a lining, and blue trousers; I cannot say whether the cap he was apprehended in is the same.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODBURY
               



            . I am an officer. On the Thursday after the robbery, I went with Warren to take Holyett, and under his bed, I found this cap; Warren found a duplicate by the fire-place with Sullivan's name on it - it does not relate to this property. Here is the new trousers which Sullivan had on; I had brought his old clothes from his lodging on the Sunday.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SINCLAIR
               



            . I am a baker. On Saturday, the 19th of February, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I saw Holyett standing outside Mr. Taylor's area in Great Queen-street; and saw some person hand something through the rails to him; the first thing he received, he put into his hat - he received several articles, and kept them in his hand - he ran away; I then saw Sullivan come over the rails - he ran off in the same direction; suspecting there had been a robbery, I knocked at Mr. Taylor's door; and told the servant to go to Queen-square, and send for the officers; the goods have not been found.
HOLYETT's Defence. The baker swore to my clothes at the office, and said he could not swear to my features; he first swore I had blue trousers and then black; I was at work at the time, and had a fustian jacket and corduroy trousers.
WILLIAM SINCLAIR. I never expressed a doubt about him - I noticed his features.
SULLIVAN - GUILTY. Aged 14.
HOLYETT - GUILTY. Aged 16.




               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
