





649. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     RANN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 27th of March
, two coats, value 30 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph Samuel 
                     Lescher
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I am an officer. On the 27th of March, I was at my door in Church Row, St. Pancras, talking to Croker. The prisoner went by with a basket, with a handkerchief over it; he looked hard at me. I told Croker to follow him. He turned round and saw me coming, and threw down the basket, pushed Croker aside, and ran off. I pursued him and took him at last.


                  HENRY 
                  CROKER
               



            . I was with Limbrick, and saw the prisoner pass with a basket. I went after him, and asked if he had any fowls; he said
"No." I said some had been stolen. He said,
"I have got my master's clothes." I said
"Who is your master - where does he live." He said at Pentonville, and immediately threw the basket at my feet. I picked it up; Limbrick pursued and took him. It contained two coats, and two lemons.
MR. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  LESCHER
               



            . I live at West End, Hampstead


. The coats are both my son's, whose name is 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Samuel
               



             Lescher, and were in the hall about nine o'clock, when I went out in the morning. I returned at five, but did not miss them till next morning, and on Tuesday the officer brought them.


                  JOHN 
                  CORBETT
               



            . I live at West End. On the 27th of March I saw the prisoner with another about three o'clock, about one hundred yards from the prosecutor's house, with the basket. I noticed them particularly, and saw a brown great coat outside the basket. The other carried the basket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
