






1627. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BRADBURY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of July
, 1 saddle, value 15s.; 2 stirrup leathers, value 2s.; 2 stirrup-irons, value 1s. 6d.; 1 girth, value 1s. 6d.; 1 bridle, value 5s.; 2 traces, value 12s.; 1 pad, value 7s., and 2 sacks, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Waterhouse
                        




                     
                   and another
            .


                  JOHN 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I am an officer of Islington. I know Mr. Waterhouse's premises. On the 20th of July, about half past three o'clock in the morning, I was riding down Highgate-hill, and saw Bradbury coming out of a field with a sack; he saw me and returned into the field; Davis then came out with a sack, and I asked what he had got there; he made no answer - I took the sack and found it was harness - I gave him to a watchman, then went and took the other prisoner; I found this other sack in a privy near where he was.
Prisoner Davis. Q. What was found in my sack? A. The riding saddle and bridle - I brought Bradbury out of the field before I took his sack.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am in the service of Joseph and William Waterhouse. I manage their horse business, and know this harness to be theirs - it was kept at Holloway


.


                  JAMES 
                  HICKFORD
               



            . This property was taken from the stable, which I locked at seven o'clock on the Sunday evening, and at six the next morning I found it broken open, and the lock laid by the side.
Davis's Defence. When Morgan brought Bradbury into the road, he was looking in his sack; there were several persons there, and one said it belonged to an ostler who had a stable there, and he knew it by the saddle.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
BRADBURY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
