





707. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of April
, a trunk, value 8 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jane 
                     Wedderburn
                  




               
            , widow
, Dowager Countess of Selkirk
.


                  HUGH 
                  COLTHORPE
               



            . I am in the service of the Dowager Countess of Selkirk; her town house is in Lower Grosvenor-street. Her ladyship was going on a visit to Lady Douglas, at Barnes - we went by Queen's-elms. The trunk was behind the carriage - it contained her son (Lord Selkirk's) property. I saw it safe when we called at No. 47, Hertford-street - I strapped it on the carriage, and missed it when we got to the Old George, public-house, Fulham-road


; I saw the prisoner running from behind the carriage with it in his hands. I jumped off the dickey, and went after him - he threw it down, and was stopped. I am certain of his person.


                  CHARLES 
                  GEORGE BOLTON
               



            . I live at Little Chelsea. I saw the prisoner running behind the carriage, and the strap dragging on the ground. I saw him pull the strap down, and take the trunk, and go off with it - I ran out to stop him; he offered to fight me, and took a knife out, drew it, and brandished it at me. The strap had been cut - he was secured before I lost sight of him. I saw him throw it away.


                  JOHN 
                  PARSONS
               



            . I am a constable. I saw a mob round the carriage, and met the prisoner making his escape. Lady Selkirk wished him to be secured - I went after him, and took him at Hyde Park-corner.


                  HENRY 
                  COTTON
               



            . I saw the prisoner going from the carriage with the trunk in his hands - he threw it down and ran off.
Prisoner's Defence. I certainly took it, but did not cut the strap. I could get no work, owing to my last master refusing to give me a character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
