






London Cases - First Jury.
Before Mr. Recorder.
1483. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  TATE
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SUMMERS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of July
, a handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Isaiah 
                        Lukens
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ISAIAH LUKENS. On the 25th of July I was lodging at Wright's Hotel, Adelphi. I was in Fleet-street


, between Chancery-lane and Temple-bar, about twelve o'clock, going home. I am sure my handkerchief was in my outside coat pocket. I did not feel it taken, but a person pulled me on the arm; I turned round and saw a gentleman, who had hold of Tate, right behind me; he produced a handkerchief, and asked if it was mine; I looked, and found my name in full upon it; we took him to Guildhall, in company with Summers, whom somebody had secured; I had not observed them near me before; Tate denied it, and said the person who took him had knocked him down, and that the handkerchief fell from my pocket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAWKINS
               



            . I am a file-cutter, and live at the Axe Inn, Aldermanbury. On the 25th of July, between twelve and one o'clock, I was coming out of the Court of Chancery, Lincoln's Inn, and coming down Chancery-lane towards Fleet-street, a gentleman pointed the prisoners out to me; they were close behind Mr. Lukens, and were in company; in Chancery-lane Tate put his hand into Mr. Lukens' pocket, and Summers came up close to him to conceal him; he did not succeed at the first, second, or third attempt; Mr. Lukens got within a fewyards of Temple-bar; I kept close behind them; Tate then drew the handkerchief out; Summers was close by his side; a gentleman; who was in my company collared Tate, and I seized Summers; the moment my friend collared Tate he dropped the handkerchief; the officer picked it up; my friend immediately told Mr. Lukens, who claimed the handkerchief; I never lost sight of them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KISS
               



            . I am a constable; and received the prisoners in charge.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
TATE'S Defence. I live in Oxford-market. I was walking down Holborn and Chancery-lane; I turned towards Temple-bar; this gentleman knocked me down, and said I had picked a gentleman's pocket; I had never seen the handkerchief; and in ten minutes he brought this young man up, and said he was with me.
TATE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
SUMMERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
