





1620. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SPRATT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of October
, a handkerchief, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        John Everard 
                        Berckemyer
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN EVERARD BERCKEMYER. I live in Doughty-street. On the 11th of October, about ten o'clock, I stopped in Newgate-street


, to read a play bill; I perceived a very shabby boy approach me, but did not suspect him; he moved on, and immediately an officer came up, and asked if I had lost my handkerchief, and on feeling it was gone; he pursued, and brought the prisoner back: my handkerchief was produced at Guildhall.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am a constable. On the 11th of October I saw Mr. Berckemyer coming towards St. Martin's-le-grand; the prisoner was near him - I followed him as far as Butcherhall-lane; he kept near the prosecutor, who stopped at the corner of the lane, at a bookseller's - the prisoner was close behind him; some carts passed, and I being on the other side, could not see, but suspecting something, I went to the prosecutor, and from what he said, I went after the prisoner, and saw him crossing from St. Martin's-le-grand, shoving something into his breeches: I stopped him, and said he had something which did not belong to him; he said he had nothing: I believe another person was with him: I searched him, and at the back of his smallclothes, found a handkerchief, with Mr. Berckemyer's initials on it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along and saw the handkerchief fall, but did not see who dropped it; I picked it up; a young lad said he had a right to half - I said I wanted one, and if there was any thing in the newspaper about it I would return it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
