





431. 
               
                  MARY 
                  REGAN
               




             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of January
, 1 pair of shoes, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Patisson
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  LATHAM
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Edward Patisson, who lives in Oxford-street


. The prisoner came there about six o'clock in the evening of the 16th of January, and asked to look at some shoes, but none of them suited her; I was trying some shoes on her, and she appeared to put her hand to a glass-case which was near her- I looked up, and saw a pair of shoes under her shawl; I looked at them - she then took them from under her shawl, and seemed to be looking at them - she then put them down, and went out. Mr. Packer shewed me this pair of shoes the same evening, which I knew to be my employer's - I had not sold them.
Prisoner. I bought these shoes of him for 3s., for my cousin. Witness. It is quite false - we never sell a pair of shoes of this description under 7s. 6d.; these were on a table near to where she sat.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PACKER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Oxford-street. The prisoner pawned these shoes on Monday, the 16th of January, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, for 1s. 6d.; she came again with the officer some days after.


                  MATTHEW 
                  PATISSON
               



            . I am the officer. I took her up, and asked her to walk with me; she said was it about the shoes - I said it was, and I took her to Mr. Patisson's, where Latham recognised her.
Prisoner's Defence. The officer said he wanted me - I said, for what, and he said some shoes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
