





Before Mr. Justice Burrough.
1355. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  DALEY
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Fairbairn
                     



                  , in the morning of the 27th of June
, (he and others being therein) and stealing 1 bed quilt, value 5s., and 1 shawl, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Hannah 
                        Bick
                     



                  , widow

.
HANNAH BICK. I am a widow, and lodge at Thomas Fairbairn's, in Little Wild-street, St. Giles'


. On the 27th of June I went out between three and four o'clock, leaving nobody in my room. 
               
                  Mary 
                  Fairbairn
               



             and several lodgers were in the house - I returned in ten minutes, and met the prisoner coming out of the street door, with a bundle in his hand - I took it from him and called the landlord; he ran up-stairs and was secured - the bundle contained the quilt and shawl, which I had left on a press-bedstead, doubled up; he said he picked them up in the passage - he was a stranger.


                  NATHAN 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a beadle. I took him in charge with the property.
MARY FAIRBAIRN. Brick lodged at our house. I and several other persons were at home when this happened.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going down Wild-street - a man asked me to go up to the second-floor back room and inquire for a man named Wood. which I did; and in the passage I took up this bundle - the prosecutrix opened the street door, and said "Go up stairs;" I went up by her order, and she had me taken.




               GUILTY. Aged 15. Of stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First London Jury - Before Mr. Recorder.
