





574. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BUCKERIDGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, a coat, value 15 s.; a waistcoat, value 5 s.; a pair of trowsers, value 7 s.; two pair of stockings, value 5 s.; two neckerchiefs, value 2 s., and two handkerchiefs, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Andrew Helder 
                     Doncaster
                  




               
            .


                  ANDREW 
                  HELDER DONCASTER
               



            . I am an ironmonger
; and live in Cambden-row, Bethnal-green. These articles were in my chest, which was unlocked; I missed them out of it on the 27th of February, about nine o'clock in the morning. Hopkins was bringing it to Walbrook for me. I have not found them.


                  JOHN 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I am errand boy to Mr. Morgan, wholesale ironmonger - Mr. Doncaster is his clerk. On the 26th of February, I had his box on the truck about a quarter before eight o'clock at night. The prisoner came up to me near a doctor's shop in the Bethnal-green-road, and asked how far I was going, I said to the Mansion-house - he said he would push behind for me as far as he was going; I was glad of his assistance, as it was very heavy. I put the handle down to have a rest in Church-street


, and, on turning round, saw him running away with something under his arm. I pursued him a good way, calling Stop thief! - he got away; I found a sheet and handkerchief laying by the chest. An officer came up and put them in - he helped me with it to Walbrook. Mr. Doncaster was very ill, but when he recovered he missed these things out.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was the trunk closed while you went in pursuit - A. Yes; and when he came up it was well corded. I found the cord cut - I never saw him before, but am sure of him - my back was towards him when he was pushing - it was dusk; but there was gas lights. I saw him again in about an hour; I pointed him out myself - he opened the turnpike-gate for me, and then I saw him plainly, as there are two gas lights there. The officers took me to about five public-houses to look for him. I described him as having a velvet collar, a flock hat, and being marked with the smallpox.


                  ANN 
                  DONCASTER
               



            . I am the wife of the prosecutor, and put his things in the trunk, and when it got to Walbrook these were missing - it was corded up.


                  JOHN 
                  ISAACSON
               



            . I am a constable of Bethnal-green; I heard the alarm and came out of my house, and saw the boy, who said the trunk was robbed, and the thief had gone down a turning - I found the cord cut. He said the man had a very rusty velvet collar, and a flock hat, and was pitted very much with the small-pox. Gibbs and I went with him and delivered the box at Walbrook, then returned to Bethnal-green - we went to four or five public-houses, and when we got to the Bladebone public-house, there were nine or ten people in the tap-room. The boy went into the tap-room before me; he came out and said, the man who did it was standing in the corner smoking his pipe. I went in and took the prisoner - he denied it; he answered the description given by the boy. I found 10 s. 2 d. on him.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see no other man in a velvet collar and flock hat - No; not answering the description given by the boy - he cried when he went home to his master and seemed much agitated. The cord was not cut clean - it must have been done with some instrument; I found no instrument upon the prisoner - none of the property has been found.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I am an officer; Isaacson applied to me; I saw the boy safe home. In an hour and a half we went with the boy to different public-houses - he described the man to me; and as I knew the prisoner, it answered the description - he fixed upon nobody until hegot to the Bladebone; we stopped at the door and sent him in; he came out and said,
"The young man who robbed me is smoking his pipe." I went in and called the prisoner out by his name - he denied the charge - he lives in Gibraltar-walk, about a hundred yards from where he ran away from the truck.
Cross-examined. Q. You took him at the public-house next to his lodgings - A. Yes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
