





109. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of November
, one watch, value 50 s.; one seal, value 1 l.; two keys, value 1 s., and one watch ribbon, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Alexander 
                           Grant
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ALEXANDER 
                  GRANT
               



            . I am a glazier
, and live in Saville-row, Burlington-gardens. About twelve o'clock at night, I was in Piccadilly


, the prisoner accosted me and asked for something to drink. I thought I knew her, but did not. She said she was very much in distress, I said she might have a glass of beer or spirits if she liked; she went into a liquor-shop, and had some. I threw down the money for it and walked out; she followed me, and said she would not let me go unless I gave her something. I could not get rid of her, she caught hold of my arm pulled me across the street and kept me there, I could not get from her, I tried to push her away, and gave her 1 s. to go; she caught hold of me again, and in an instant ran away. I missed my watch, which was safe just before. I pursued her to the corner of Titchborne-street, and she came out of a liquor shop - I charged her with having my watch - she was taken, and it was found at her feet, as she was going to the watch-house, in the quadrant of the new street - I had not been there before. She was drunk - I do not think she knew what she did.
Q. And so you gave her liquor to make her more so - A. I did not know she was drunk till after she came out of the shop. I think she shammed drunkenness.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am an officer. I was going my rounds, and saw the prosecutor, who charged the prisoner with having his watch. In taking her to the watch-house she hit me several times with her right hand. I put my hand down, she then threw the watch from her left hand, and it fell at my feet.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the watch-house for stealing the watch, and said he ought to have given her more money.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
