






1174. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROBINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of July

, 50 lbs. of lead, value 9 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jonas 
                     Faithfull
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WEBBER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .


                  JAMES 
                  SIMMS
               



            . I keep a tripe shop in Little Chapel-street, Westminster. On Saturday night, the 10th of July, at half-past twelve o'clock, I was standing at my door, and saw the prisoner Robins come through Castle-court, with one or two other young men, one of whom I knew; they stood in the center of the street, consulting which way the should go - Robins had a sack on his back, which appeared very weighty: one of them said,
"It won't do to go round the corner, the watchman will see us;" this induced me to watch. I walked after Robins - the others went to the right: Robins went into Orchard-street, and stopped at a house opposite Duck-lane - he took the sack into a house there, which goes up one or two steps: I noticed the house, but not the number of it. I then went to the watchman at the corner, by my own house - I informed him and Squires, and shewed them the house. I then went home.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. It was avery short time from your seeing him go into the house till you called the patrol - A. They were there in less than two minutes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SQUIRES
               



            . I am a patrol. Simmons gave me information - I and Davis went into the house which he pointed out; the street door was open, and two women standing there, they saw as coming, and one of them went into the shop: the name
"Webber, dealer in marine stores." is over the door - I saw the shop door open, and went in, and saw some pipe lead rolled up, and laying on the counter; I put my hand on it, and asked Webber, who stood behind the counter, if it belonged to him; he said No - I asked who it belonged to; he nodded his head, and pointed to the prisoner Robins and one Death, who stood there, and said it belonged to them; there was nobody else in the shop. I asked Webber if they had offered it for sale - he said he did not buy such sort of lead as that. I asked him twice if they had not brought in some more lead in a sack - he did not answer - he had got a sack with the rest of the lead inside the counter, on his right side; as he made no answer, I said
"Where is it;" and Davis went round the counter, laid hold of the sack, and gave it to me, with the lead in it - he had made no answer about the sack; he must have seen it there, it was not a yard from him - I instantly gave the prisoner and Death in charge; and said,
"Webber, will you be so good as to go to the watch-house;" he seemed unwilling - I said, there can be no harm in his going as a witness against them - he, however, went quietly with me.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to say that Webber could see the lead while he was speaking to you - A. Yes, he put his head down where it was, when I asked him about it - I did not hear him tell them he would not buy it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a watchman. Simmons gave us information - we went to the house directly, it was about twenty minutes after twelve o'clock - the door was open, we went in and found Robins and Death there - Webber stood inside the counter - Squires laid hold of the pipe, and asked whose it was: Webber pointed to the men, and said it was their's, and that he did not buy such lead - Squires asked him if there was not a sack of lead brought in - he hesitated - the question was put again; I looked over the counter and saw it; he then said,
"This is the sack," he must have touched it with his feet, it was so close to him. I was looking for it when the question was asked the second time - a saw was found in Robins's bosom; the pipe appeared to have been cut with it, but not the sheet lead - it is not usual for such shops to to be open so late.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  TIMBRELL
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoners were brought to the watch-house - Robins said Death had asked him to carry the lead - he afterwards said he would tell me where they got it from, that it was from the lower end of Vauxhall-road - I went there, and found the prosecutor out - I asked Webber to come forward as a witness next morning; he said he would not, for he should lose his work - I then thought proper to detain him.
JONAS FAITHFULL. I am a carpenter
, and live in Susannah-place; I have a yard in the Vauxhall-road, nearly half a mile from Chapel-street. On Sunday morning, the 11th of July, I found three parts of the leaden cistern lining cut away, and the pipe cut close to the ground; it was safe at eight o'clock the night before - I saw the plumber fit part of this lead to the cistern; the nail-holes corresponded.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a plumber. I compared the lead produced with the cistern, and have every reason to believe that it was cut from there; I have not the least of it.
Cross-examined. Q. You beat it out before you tried it - A. I flatted it out, as it was doubled up; that does not make it wider than it originally was; the nail-holes tallied - there was 52 lbs. in all.
ROBINS'S Defence. Death took it into the house, and this man refused to buy it five times.
WEBBER'S Defence. It being a fine night, I was standing next door, and two persons went into my shop; I went and asked what they wanted - they asked if I bought lead - I said No; and the patroles immediately came in, and asked if it belonged to me; I said
"No, to these men" - he said
"Is there any more?" - I looked down and said, with surprise,
"Yes, here is a sack" - he said
"Well, as you have not bought it, if you will only go to the watch-house it will be sufficient." - I was asked to go to Queen-square, I said if I did I should lose a good situation.
WEBBER received an excellent character.
ROBINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WEBBER - GUILTY. Aged 24.




               Recommended to Mercy
            . - 


               Confined One Year
            .
