





625. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     MILLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of April
, one handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Margetts
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
REV. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  MARGETTS
               



            . I live at Risley, in Bedfordshire. On the 29th of April, about eleven o'clock at night, I was walking up Holborn


 with two friends, and felt my handkerchief being drawn from my pocket; I turned round, and saw the prisoner in the act of taking it out; I seized his arms, called out "Pick-pocket!" he dropped the handkerchief from his hand, and my friend picked it up. He denied taking it, and said it was some other person. He began to resist and strike me - I was obliged to return his blows, and when I let go to strike him, he escaped from my left hand, and ran into Brook-street - he was stopped there. I never lost sight of him till he was apprehended. I positively swear he is the man; nobody was near enough to take it but him, and I saw him drop it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  STRIPLING
               



            . I am a watchman. I was at the corner of Gray's Inn-lane, and heard the call of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner run, and pursued him down Brook-street - I never lost sight of him until he was stopped. When I took him he struck me. The prosecutor came up immediately.
Prisoner's Defence. There were three lads behind the gentleman, immediately as they took the handkerchief he laid hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
