







150. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  DAVIES
               



            , 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  MURPHY
               




            , and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  LANGSHAW
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, 1 watch, value 4l.; 1 piece of ribbon, value 1d., and 1 watch-key, value 1d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Marrs
               




            , widow
.
ELIZABETH MARRS. I keep a fruit-shop
 in North-street, Lisson-grove


, and am a widow. Murphy and Langshaw came to my shop on the 27th of November, and bought a halfpenny worth of apples: they came again about half-past four o'clock that afternoon, with Davis, who bought a halfpenny worth of apples: Murphy and Langshaw were pushing each other about; they pushed against my elbow, and pushed me aside - I saw them reach over to the fire-place where this silver watch hung, they took it, with two brushes; and all ran away as fast as they could; I missed the watch instantly, and followed them to the door: I had no one these but my two little children, and could not leave the house; I found the two brushes at a shop just by, but the watch I have not found - I am quite sure they are the boys.


                  JOSEPH 
                  DE CAISNE
               



            . I live with my father. I saw Langshaw and Murphy come out of this woman's shop, and run down a street as fast as they could; there was another boy with them, but it was not Davies.


                  HENRY 
                  STOWELL
               



            . I am an officer. I was applied to, and found Davies; I took him to the prosecutrix, who said he was one; the other two lads were brought up on another charge, for shop-lifting.
DAVIES' Defence. I was at work from nine o'clock in the morning till half-past nine at night, that day, at Quebec-street, New-road.


                  EDWARD 
                  GATLIN
               



            . I live at the corner of Union-street, Mary-le-bone. Davies has been in my employ ever since Michaelmas. On Tuesday, the 27th of November, he was at work with me the whole day, till half-past nine o'clock at night; we were setting stoves all day.
Langshaw received a good character.
MURPHY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LANGSHAW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Confined Three Months
            , and 



               Whipped
            .
DAVIES - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
