





831. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  PATRICK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th March
, 6 lbs. soap, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        William Charles 
                        Bridgman
                     




                  , his master
            .
WILLIAM CHARLES BRIDGMAN. I am a tallow-chandler
, and live in Cannon-street-road, St. George in the East. The prisoner was on and off in my employ for six or eight years; he could earn 30s. a week in winter time.


                  DAVID 
                  HAZEL
               



            . I am packer to Mr. Bridgman. On the 16th of March I was on the watch, as some soap had been taken - I was concealed about twenty minutes after eight o'clock; when the men went to breakfast, the prisoner used to remain, and his daughter bring him his breakfast. I saw him go to the cellar where there was about a ton weight of soap - I saw him take a bar, weighing about 3 lbs.; he put it either into his trousers or pocket- I was obliged to turn my head, being in a confined situation, and did not see him take any more - he went up stairs, apparently to his work; I tapped, and the apprentice called the prosecutor's brother down - he told me to watch him out; he went out in about ten minutes, and when he had got about one hundred yards, we called him back - he hesitated about returning, and asked us to let him go to get shaved; he was brought back; I charged him with stealing the soap - an officer came, and two bars were found in his trousers or pocket; he had asked Mr. Bridgman not to send for an officer - and said he would leave London altogether.


                  CHARLES 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am an officer, and was sent for; the prisoner unbuttoned his trousers, and pulled the soap out of a kind of large pocket under his thigh, between his drawers and his trousers, it was made to hold two cakes of soap on each side; it must have been a pocket, or the soap would have fallen out at the bottom.
Prisoner's Defence. Owing to my wife having been eight weeks in the hospital, and having three children, it was more than I could support. I earned 30s. a week in the winter, but only 15s. in the summer. It was entirely distress that brought me to it.
C. ROBINSON. His wife was very ill, and I do not think his furniture was worth 2l.; but I do not think he could be in distress.
MR. BRIDGMAN. He left me - I took him back again, and he promised to keep steady to his work. He earned what I have stated.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
