





157. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ASHFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of November
, a coat, value 3 l., and a handkerchief, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Palmer
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PALMER
               



            . I live in Mincing-lane


. On Sunday, the 1st of November, my coat hung up in the office, with a handkerchief in the pocket; I missed it on Monday afternoon.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  GARTON
               



            . I am an officer. On Saturday, the 1st of November, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Featherstone-street, St. Luke's, and saw the prisoner, with another - the prisoner had the coat under his arm, tied in the handkerchief. He made a signal on seeing me. I let them go on to Old-street, then laid hold of the prisoner, and asked what he had got - he said a great coat, which a man in Smithfield gave him to take to the Angel at Islington. I asked if any name was on it - he said "Yes, W. Palmer." I found that name on both coat and handkerchief. I advertised it, and the prosecutor claimed it. The prisoner said at the Office, that one Jones gave it to him to carry.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. You never went to the Angel about it - A. No. He was three-quarters of a mile from Mr. Palmer's, going towards Islington.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I searched the prisoner, and found four sovereigns on him. He refused to say where he lived.
Prisoner's Defence. Jones gaves it to me to leave at the Angel for Palmer. I have a witness to prove it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BATT
               



            . I am a watch-case-maker. On a Saturday in November I met 
               
                  James 
                  Jones
               



             in Smithfield, with a bundle under his arm - he got the prisoner to carry it - he gave it to him at a public house, at the corner of Grub-street, to carry to the Peacock, public house.
COURT. Q. Who is Jones - A. A kind of horse-dealer. I knew him at Birmingham - the bundle was in a kind of yellow handkerchief. It was not opened - it was about three o'clock or a quarter past. I did not know the prisoner before.
Q. Why was the prisoner to take it to Islington - A. I do not know - he and Jones shook hands together. I do not know how long they had been acquainted. The prisoner said he could not stop, he had to go to Islington. Jones replied, "Why you might as well save me this journey, and leave this for Mr. so and so, and if he is not there, leave it at the bar." He said something about the name being inside the bundle.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
