





Before Mr. Baron Garrow.
2030. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  HARDY
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ENGLEY
               




            . I am a chair-maker
, and live in Commercial-place, City-road


. The prisoner was my errand-boy
; I sent him with a chair to a customer named Howard, who owed me 4s. 6d. before - this made 2l. 2s. 6d.; I made a bill out, and asked the prisoner if he could write a receipt if it was paid - he said Yes; I told him not to ask for the money, but if it was paid to write a receipt - this was about half-past twelve o'clock; he returned at two; I said, "Did Mr. Howard pay you?" he said, "No, he wants to look at the bill of the 4s. 6d., as he does not recollect it, and if you will call at four o'clock he will give you the money;" I sent him to dinner, and went out myself - he ought to have returned about three o'clock, but did not. I called on Howard, and from what I heard I suspected him; I did not see him again till twelve o'clock at night - he was then in custody.


                  JOHN 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I live in Leman-street, Goodman's-fields. I owed Engley 4s.6d. - I bought a chair of him, which the prisoner brought to me, with a bill, and also a bill for the 4s. 6d. - I asked if he had a receipt - he said No; I asked if he could write one - he said Yes; I immediately paid him 2l.2s.6d.; I wrote the receipt, and he put his mark to it. I said nothing about wishing to look into the 4s. 6d.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALTERS
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner, with Vann, at Sadler's-wells theatre, on this Saturday night; I found 7s. on him - he said he had paid 2s. 6d. for his dinner, and bought a coat, and intended to go to sea.



                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I am an officer, and was with Walters. I asked the prisoner what he had done with the 2l.2s.6d. which he had received for his master - he said he had paid 2s. 6d. for his dinner, and bought a pair of new boots; I said,"What have you done with the other?" he would not tell me, but on Monday he said he had lost a sovereign in the company he was in.(Bill and receipt read.)
Prisoner's Defence (written). The prosecutor sent me with these two bills, to receive the money; when I got to Red Lion-street no such person lived there; I then met one Hill with three young men; we went to have something to drink, and got quite intoxicated; they showed me where Howard lived; a woman opened the door, and told me to wait; I waited half an hour - at last the gentleman came out, went up stairs, and looked at the bills; he looked over all his books, and said he believed he had paid it; I returned and told master - he sent me to dinner; I went to the play, and these two gentlemen came and asked one where the brass was - they took me away, and asked where the money was; I said I knew nothing of it; they said, "Come, and we shall soon settle with your master;" I asked what they meant and they could not answer - Vann will swear any man's life away - it is known he has perjured himself before.
MR. HOWARD. I am certain I paid the prisoner the money; I might have said I had no recollection of the 4s. 6d., but on referring to my book I saw I had not paid it. The prisoner was perfectly sober.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
