






722. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CONNELLY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     CRAWLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April
, a watch, value 30 s., and a watch key value 6 d. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Beal
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BEAL
               



            . I am a ship owner
, and live at Lime-house. On the 6th of April, at seven o'clock, I went into the Bell public-house Ratcliffe-highway. The female prisoner was in the tap-room; she drank with me - we were together about an hour. She then asked me to go home with her, and took me to a private piece of ground near the fields; we stopped there about six minutes, and then a man passed me very close, (this was about eight o'clock at night). The man pushed before me, and in an instant I missed my watch from my fob. I instantly charged her with stealing it - she denied it, and said she did not know that I had got one. I said I would not let her go till she gave it me - she asked if I saw a man pass; I said Yes.
"Well," said she,
"he has got your watch, and I will take you to his home." She took me to a house in Seven Star-alley, to the male prisoner's mother - I took her to the watch-house. I only know that one of the two must have taken it.


                  THOMAS 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I am a watchman. On Sunday night, the 6th of April, the male prisoner's mother came to me - I went to her house and searched it, but could not find the prisoner. I found the watch in a chest of drawers.


                  FRANCIS 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am the watch-house keeper; I saw the prisoner Connelly brought in - while I was searching her, she said,
"I have not got it, 
               
                  Jerry 
                  Crawley
               



             has it." I could not find him for three nights.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . I am a head borough, I was informed of the robbery and took Crawley - he said the other prisoner gave him the watch at the top of West's-gardens to take care of; that is about two hundred yards from where the robbery happened.
CONNELLY'S Defence. I never saw it till it was at the watch-house. I did not leave him.
CONNELLY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
CRAWLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
