





1358. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of June
, 1 piece of tissue satin silk, containing 63 yards, value 12l. 15s., and 1 piece of tissue gros de Naples silk, containing 63 yards, value 12l. 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Stewart
                  




               
            , the younger.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STEWART
               



            , JUN. I am a commission-agent
. I gave Reynolds a piece of tissue satin and some tissue gros de Naples, done up in a parcel, to take to No. 29, Fort-street, Spitalfields, about half-past twelve o'clock on the 1st of June - it was my own, and worth about 12l.; he was to deliver it to my sister - he was afraid to come home, and I did not see him till the next morning, when he told me a man had taken it from him: I afterwards saw an advertisement which led me to Mr. Attfield; I found the gros de Naples, and got it back.


                  SAMUEL 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. Stewart. The prosecutor gave me these silks to take to No. 29, Fort-street - I met the prisoner in Moorfields, where there was a man joining a china jug, near the Catholic chapel; I did not know the prisoner before; he said to me it was a wonder how the man could do it - I said it was; he then walked on to the corner of Artillery-lane, when he asked me to go on an errand for him and he would give me 1s.; he said I might as well earn 1s. as any one else; I gave him my parcel, and went to the next door, the Ship public-house, and asked for some watch-cases and 10s. in money; as soon as he got my parcel he ran off - I ran after him, but could not find him; I walked about till one o'clock, and then slept in an alley in Whitecross-street; I am sure he is the man - I saw him again on the Saturday, and knew him directly.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATTFIELD
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. I received information that a boy had been robbed of a parcel in the Artillery-ground; I went to the Green-gate public-house in Hackney-road, and saw the prisoner coming out of the parlour with this parcel; I pushed him back, and asked what he had got - he said he did not know, it was a parcel a woman gave him to carry - this was between four and five o'clock on Monday, the 1st of June; he was taken to the office, and the boy picked him out from among forty.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been out of work for two months; a person authorised me to carry it, and said he would give me 1s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
