






586. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  GADBURY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of January

, 1 bag, value 1/2d.; 4 sovereigns, 3 half-sovereigns, 3 shillings, and 5 sixpences
            , the property of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Gadbury
               



            ; and 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  WAKE
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute
            .
ROBERT GADBURY. I am a watchman
, and live in Bethnal-green



; I am the father of the prisoner Thomas Gadbury. On the 15th of January I went to bed in the afternoon, as usual, and had the money stated, in a bag in my pocket, which I meant to take out with me at night; my wife awoke me, and asked if I had paid away the money; I said No: I got up, and my money and purse were gone - my son was then gone out; Wake returned home to his mother in a day or two - he lives just by me, and when I asked him about it, he admitted that he had received one sovereign and five shillings from my son.


                  RACHAEL 
                  GADBURY
               



            . I am the prisoner Gadbury's mother. On the 15th of January my husband went to sleep- my son came in, and complained of his head-aching; he had another lad with him, named Bransom; they were both in the room when my husband was asleep - I afterwards went to look in my husband's pocket, and the money was gone; I shook him, and told him of it; my daughter afterwards got the bag and 5s. back, which she gave to me.


                  MARY 
                  GADBURY
               



            . I am the prisoner's sister. I went into the fields, and found my brother - I asked him what had become of the money; he gave me 5s. and this bag, and said he had spent the rest, and had given the other boy 25s.; he told me that Tom Bransom had taken it out of his father's pocket, and given it to him at the Flower Pot public-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am an officer. I took up the prisoner on the Friday after the Tuesday on which the robbery was committed; I said, "You are a pretty son to rob your father - what have you done with the money?" he said he had spent it, and been to Gravesend; Wake was present, and said that he had received 1l. 5s. of it; Gadbury had before that said he had taken it out of his father's pocket - that Wake had been to Gravesend - they had bought themselves some clothes, had been to the Theatre, and had then been sleeping at a public-house at Wapping.
WAKE'S Defence (written). Joseph Wake confesseth, as follows: That he was at marbles (in the field) with Thomas Gadbury, when Thomas Bransom came up, and took us to Hart's-lane, and shewed us a small black bag, when Thomas Gadbury said, "That's my father's bag," from which Thomas Bransom took 25s., and gave the bag to Thomas Gadbury, who gave me (Joseph Wake) 25s. out of it, and kept the remainder I and Thomas Bransom proposed going together to the play.
GADBURY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
WAKE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
