





332. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TYLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of December
, twenty-eight plates, value 2 l. 4 s.; and nine basins, value 3 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  David 
                  Lassam
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN LASSAM
               



            . I am the wife of David Lassam; we deal in earthenware
. On Saturday the 21st of December, about half-past twelve o'clock, these plates and basins were safe, at our stall in Fleet-market


; and in about 20 minutes, as my husband was serving a customer, a little girl said somebody had taken them, we missed twenty-eight plates, and nine basins; and at a quarter to one o'clock that morning, I went with the watchman to the prisoners apartment, and said I wanted the property which had been gone from my stall not three quarters of an hour ago; he said, he had nothing of mine. I said,
"It won't do Tyler, this is not the first time you have robbed me." I went to the cupboard, and found two basins; I then said, I wanted twenty-eight large plates; he said,
"I do not live here; I live over the way." I looked round and saw the plates under the bed - fourteen, and one broken.I gave him in charge; he locked the room up when he came out. I said,
"You said it was not your apartment;" he said he must lock it up.


                  DAVID 
                  LASSAM
               



            . The prisoner was frequently walking up and down by my stall on this evening; I suspected him, and while I was serving a customer, I was told I was robbed, and missed these plates, which stood in a pile, and four basins.
WILLIAM THOMAS HUGHES. I am a watchman. I have fourteen plates and two basins, which I found in the prisoner's room, in Frying-pan-alley.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was at a public-house, rather fresh, and came out with some coal heavers about half-past eleven o'clock, they had nine plates, and two basins, and bought six more; they got tipsy, and gave them to me to take home.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS HUGHES
               



            . He said he had bought some of them months ago.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
