





355. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CORDWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December
, 1 watch, value 15s.; 1 chain, value 6d.; 1 key, value 1d.; 1 half-crown, 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Batt
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BATT
               



            . I am a gardener
. On the 1st of December, I was at the Wheatsheaf public-house, at Percy's-cross, near Fulham


. I have known the prisoner all his life; after drinking there I fell asleep in the tap-room - nobody was there then; I did not see the prisoner that evening; this property was in my pocket - two persons came into the room about half-past ten o'clock, and in consequence of what they said I missed my money and watch; I went home, and found the watch in pawn, at Lawton's, in three or four days.
Prisoner. Q. Were there not several persons in the room? A. No, they were all gone when I fell asleep. I met the prisoner, and told him I did not know who robbed me.


                  JOHN 
                  MERCER
               



            . I am a labourer. On the 1st of December, at half-past six o'clock in the evening, I was at the door of the Wheatsheaf, and saw Batt pull out his watch to see the time; he put it into his pocket, and went into the house - I went away, and at half-past ten I went to the Wheatsheaf again - Batt was asleep there, in a settle; nobody else was in the room; I saw a corner of his shirt was drawn out, and thought it was by some one pulling his watch out; his breeches pocket was drawn up to the top; the waiter and I awoke him - I did not see the prisoner there.


                  JAMES 
                  CHURCHER
               



            . I am the waiter. I left Batt asleep in the tap-room when I went to supper - the prisoner and Babb were also there - I did not notice whether Batt had a watch; Babb came and called me from supper; I went and met the prisoner coming out of the tap-room, saying he had napped the bl - y thimble; Mercer came in, and we awoke Batt, who missed his watch and money. I did not see the prisoner again till he was taken.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you drink with me, and want me to take the watch, but I said I did not get my living by thieving? A. No. I did not know what his expression meant, or I would have stopped him.


                  JOHN 
                  BABB
               



            . I lodge at the Wheatsheaf. I saw the prisoner and Batt there on the 1st of December; Batt had a steel chain hanging out of his pocket when he sat down, at the corner of the table, asleep - only the prisoner and I were in the room; I went into the passage, and called the waiter; I went to bed, and did not hear of the robbery till the next morning.


                  THOMAS 
                  MARCHANT
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Lawton, a pawnbroker. I have a silver watch, pawned on the 2d of December, by a man, but cannot say by whom - it is now in the same state.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MELLISH
               



            . I am a stage-coachman. On the morning of the 2d of December the prisoner brought a watch to me at Fulham-bridge, and asked what I would stand for it; I said I would not have it at all - I noticed that it had a bit of a steel chain to it; it was similar to this watch, but I did not take it in my hand - he did not say how he got it. I think napping the thimble means taking a watch.


                  SOPHIA 
                  FISH
               



            . On the morning of the 2d of December, I was in Mr. Kimber's (the pawnbroker) shop - the prisoner came in to pawn a watch; I am sure of him - he wanted 1l.; they would not take it in; I knew him before - it had part of a chain and a piece of dark ribbon on it, the same as the one produced.


                  JAMES 
                  GURNEY
               



            . I am in Mr. Kimber's employ. On the 2d of December the prisoner came to offer a watch, but as he was in liquor I would not take it in - I did not look at it.


                  RICHARD 
                  CUFF
               



            . I am a patrol. I apprehended the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Life
            .
