





1159. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CHARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of August
, seventeen ounces of tea, value 7 s. 6 d., and twelve ounces of other tea, value 4 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Crossley
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Crossley
                  



               
            .
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CROSSLEY
               



            . I am a tea-dealer

, in partnership with my brother Thomas; we live in Nicholas-lane


 - the prisoner was our porter
 above two years. On the 13th of August, I found a deficiency in my stock, and in the morning of the 14th, I came down stairs about half-past seven o'clock, which was half an hour earlier than usual. He was in the cellar cleaning boots. He came up stairs in a few minutes with his coat off. While he went up stairs, I went down into the cellar. Nobody but him was employed there. I found his coat hanging up, and his pockets full of loose tea; there were twelve or fourteen ounces, which corresponded with the tea in my canister, which stood in the warehouse - we never sell less than 1 lb., and never sold him any. I let him go that morning without saying anything; but I told my brother; and next morning my brother concealed himself in the warehouse, and he was apprehended. I told him of the tea I had found in his pocket the morning before; he said he had nothing of the kind. On the 15th we found three quarters of pound in papers in the corner of his hat. We send it into the country to be sold in small quantities. He pleaded distress. He had one guinea a week when he was regularly employed - but he was only employed occasionally for the last six months.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. He bore a good character - A. Yes.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  CROSSLEY
               



            . I am in partnership with my brother. On the 15th I was concealed under the stairs. About seven o'clock the prisoner came to work, and about eight he was going to breakfast - he went round the counter, and took off the lid of the canister; out of which he took a quantity of tea, and put it in his pocket - he then came round to the other end of the counter, where the teas which are packed up are kept - he took off his hat, and put three packages into the hat; put the handkerchief over them, and put it on his head; he was going out of the door - my brother said he wanted to speak to him. I then came forward, and said,
"You are taken at last," and fetched Drinkwater, who found the tea in his hat, and some loose in his pocket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRINKWATER
               



            . I was sent for. He pulled off his hat, in which I found the tea, and about six ounces in his pocket. He said he had done wrong, but it was through distress. I found more tea at his lodging. I found 2 l. 3 s. in his pocket, and ten sovereigns in his room.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
