






1095. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  COURT
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MURRAY
               




             were indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Dymock
                     




                  , on the night of the 7th of April
, and stealing, 9 pieces of calico, value 4l. 10s.
            , his property.
FRANCIS DYMOCK. I am a dyer
, and live in Brick-lane, Old-street


. On the 6th of April, at twelve o'clock at night, I was alarmed by my dog barking - I looked out of my window, and saw one of my men, (who had been detained at work,) come out of one of stoves. I went to bed again, thinking the dog had been barking at him. I was alarmed about six o'clock in the morning, by one of my men, and found the back premises open, and these goods taken from the racks in one of the drying sheds, which is part of my premises - but not under the same roof, as my dwelling-house, but within the enclosure.
ROBERT LOCK. I live in Chequer-square, Bunhill-row, and am a constable. On the 7th of April, about nine o'clock in the morning, I went to a house in Gravel-walk, Twister's-alley, with Brown, and knocked at the first floor front room, but could get no admission - we heard the window lifted up - I ran down stairs, and saw the two prisoners with another man, who has escaped - throwing this calico out of window, I told the prosecutor to stop therewhile I went up-stairs - I forced the door open, and took Court out of the room. Murray and the other got out of the window - I knew both the prisoners before - I found one piece of calico on the bed; I have delivered all the goods to Mr. Dymock, keeping the ends which I have torn off, as it would have spoiled the goods to have kept them in that state.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who lived in that house? A. Murray; I seized him, but was obliged to let him go.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am an officer, and went with Lock to this place - hearing of things being thrown out of window, I ran down and saw the calico falling - Moore came down afterwards; Murray and another man instantly got out at the window - I caught them both, but the other got from me - I detained Murray with the property; Lock brought Court down-stairs.
Cross-examined. Q. Who lodged in the room? A. Murray, for he has been taken from there before.


                  DAVID 
                  BURNS
               



            . I work for Mr. Dymock. On the 7th of April I hung these goods in the gallery or shed. I returned at six o'clock in the morning, and they were gone - it was daylight then.
Cross-examined. Q. The shed is completely separated from the dwelling-house? A. Yes.


                  HENRY 
                  CORY
               



            . I am in Dymock's service; I left at ten o'clock - these goods were then in the drying shed. I nailed up the shed door and put a screw to it. I went next morning at five o'clock, and found it forced open, and the calico gone.


                  JOHN 
                  REED
               



            . I am a headborough. I went to Dymock's and examined the place - three knots were given to me, which were left behind; I compared them with the goods found at the prisoners' - and they correspond.


                  FRANCIS 
                  DYMOCK
               



            . The goods were returned to me next morning, as they were to be shipped - the fag ends which I cut off are hare; I can swear to the ends by marks on them.


                  HENRY 
                  CORY
               



            . I also know the goods.
COURT'S Defence. I was in a coffee-shop, and a man came and asked if I would go out palming - we went up to ask Murray to go with us, and the officer came - he then said "Throw these things out of the window."
COURT - GUILTY. Aged 21.
MURRAY - GUILTY. Aged 17.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39s. only, but not of burglary
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
