





110. 
               
                  
                     CAROLINE 
                     BUTTERWORTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, six yards of cambric, value 30 s.; one scarf, value 30 s.; and one shawl, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Bennett
                        




                     
                  , privately in his shop
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in Bridge-street


. On the 9th of November, between ten and eleven o'clock in the day, the prisoner came to look at some goods, representing herself to be the wife of Mr. Matson, the Greenwich coachman; and they were to be laid by till the evening, when her husband would call and pay; she looked out the goods and then expressed a wish to see the Lord Mayor's procession pass, and I said I would accommodate her. She went away, and came in about an hour - I shewed her up stairs. In a short time she came down and looked out more goods and had them laid by with the others, and bought a cloak, for which she paid 8 s., and put it on. She went away between two and three o'clock - she was never alone in the shop. Soon after she was gone, I wanted to shew a lady an article which I missed. I then looked over the goods and missed a piece of cambric and a shawl. I concluded I should see no more of her, but in the evening, between five and six o'clock, she alighted from one of the Greenwich stages, and said Matson was coming in half anhour for the things. I shut the door and charged her with stealing the cambric and shawl; she positively denied it, and said a good deal about the disgrace, and said Matson would make good any loss I supposed I had sustained; she called him her husband. I gave her in charge and found she was not Mrs. Matson. Davenport brought me my shawl, and a piece of cambric which was not mine. I have not found my cambric.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVENPORT
               



            . I found her at the shop, charged with taking a shawl and piece of cambric, she denied any knowledge of it. I found a sovereign on her, she represented herself as Mr. Matson's wife. At length she said if I would go with her I should have the shawl. I went to her lodging with her, the Crown and Anchor, public-house, King-street, Westminster. She spoke to the landlady, who fetched down a piece of cambric and a shawl.


                  MARY 
                  HURST
               



            . I keep the Crown and Anchor, public-house. The prisoner lodged with me till the 9th of November; she said her husband was a serjeant at Dublin, and her name was Butterworth. On the 9th of November she went out about ten o'clock in the morning, and returned about two with some goods; she took the cambric and two shawls out of the handkerchief, and asked me to let her measure the cambric, for she thought her sister had stolen some, and thought she had worn the shawl; she left them with me.
(Shawl produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
