







532. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WELLS
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MORLEY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of February
, one handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of a 
                     man


                   unknown, from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I am an officer. On Monday evening, the 10th of February, I was coming by a chapel in Barbican, a great many people were coming out, I saw the prisoners following a lady and gentleman. I can speak positively to Phillips - they followed them to Bunhill-row


. - I saw something come from the pockets, and sent Keys over to the gentleman to see if he had lost any thing - he missed his handkerchief. I said, if he would return, I thought he could recover it - we ran up Bunhill-row; but they got into Blue Anchor-court, and we lost them. The gentleman said his name was Burrell. I knew Burrell of White Cross-street, and thought that it might be him, but found it was not. Half an hour afterwards, we found the three prisoners, with two others, in a coffee-shop in White Cross-street, and took all five to the watch-house. I could not find the gentleman. I am sure they took a handkerchief from the gentleman. I saw Phillips take it.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I was in Chiswell-street, and saw Phillips attempt several gentlemen's pockets. I saw him take this gentleman's handkerchief. I ran and told the gentleman. We afterwards took them in a coffee-shop. The handkerchief was never found.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I was in Chiswell-street, and took them. I saw nothing of the robbery.
PHILLIPS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Life
            .
WELLS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
MORLEY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
