





388. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     COLEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of March
, one mantle, value 6 s.; three gowns, value 20 s.; one petticoat, value 2 s.; one shift, value 1 s.; one bonnet, value 12 s.; one cap, value 20 s.; two strings of beads, value 7 s.; one veil, value 10 s.; one spencer, value 10 s.; one ring, value 8 s.; one handkerchief, value 10 s.; one shawl, value 2 s., and one tea-caddy, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Owen
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Ingram
                     



.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  OWEN
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Owen
               



            . We live in Bedfordbury


, and lodge in the house of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Ingram
               



            . The prisoner came to lodge with me as a servant
 out of place four weeks before the robbery. On the 27th of March, about twelve o'clock, I went out and left her in care of my two children - returned about two, and found she had left the children by themselves. I found four drawers broken open, and missed the articles stated in the indictment. On the Wednesday following, between ten and eleven o'clock, I met her coming through the Horse Guards, with my mantle, bonnet, gown, petticoat, and shift on. I gave her in charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALLIS
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner in charge. The prosecutrix gave the prisoner into my charge, and claimed the things she had on. The prisoner confessed they were hers, and told me she lodged at No. 17, New-way, Westminster. I went there, and found a gown, a tea-caddy, and a few beads - a shawl and gown were given to me. The prisoner had the ring on her finger.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
