





304. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SIRETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of October
, two table-spoons, value 16 s.; two salt-cellars, value 14 s.; one cream-pot, value 10 s.; one pepper-castor, value 5 s., and five tea-stoons, value 10 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Preedy
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ANN 
                  PREEDY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Preedy
               



            , who lives in Turnham-mews, Chiswick


. On Friday, the 2d of November, I missed all this property out of a box in my bedroom, which was not locked - they were stolen on the 29th of October. I found two table-spoons in pledge at Brentford, and saw the rest at Bow-street on the 11th of January - the prisoner was in custody. He came to lodge with me in September, and left on the 29th of October - he might have taken them at different times. He left without notice.


                  JOHN 
                  KENDREW
               



            . I live with Mr. Nicholls, who is a pawnbroker, and lives at Brentford. On the 29th of October a man pledged two table-spoons with me.


                  JOHN 
                  BOYCE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Forrester, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Blackfriars-road. On the 1st of November, the prisoner pledged a pair of silver salts with me for 14 s. - there was a crest on them, which he said was his family crest.


                  JAMES 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Archbut, who is a pawnbroker, and lives in Blackfriars-road. On the 17th of November, a pepper-castor and cream-jug were pledged with me in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Sirett
               



            . I do not know the person.


                  CHARLES 
                  GAMMON
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner on the 3d of January, at a public-house by the Cobourg Theatre. He said he did it from distress, and meant to redeem them.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 25.




               Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.
            





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
