






1920. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  BANKS
               




             and 
               
                  HANNAH 
                  SOLOMONS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of September
, 2 sovereigns, 8 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        James 
                        Winter
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES WINTER. I am a lighterman
. On Saturday, the 6th of September, I received three half-crowns, one shilling, and two sovereigns - I had half a crown and one shilling besides; I went to a public-house, had a beefsteak, a pint of beer, and a glass of gin, with a fellowservant; I then came out and met Solomons, who asked me to give her some gin, which I did; I was sober - I went to her lodgings in Bell-yard, and gave her 3s. 6d. to get some supper; I sat in a chair and went to sleep; I had been up four nights and was very tired; I was awoke by Banks rumbling me over - I jumped up and said, "You have robbed me;" he went round the bed and gave something to Solomons, who was sitting up in the bed; I went to seize him, he seized hold of me and got me down the stairs, ill-used me, and turned me out; I called Watch!two watchmen went up stairs into the same room with me, the prisoners were then both in bed - we could find nothing in the room; we took them to the watch-house, then returned, and found my money in a silk handkerchief between the sacking and mattress.
Prisoner BANKS. Q. Were you not very drunk? A. No; I was not locked up myself.


                  ROBERT 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I heard a cry of Watch! went up the passage and saw the prosecutor, who said he had been robbed and ill-used; we went up stairs and found the prisoners in bed - Banks was undressed; Winter said, "That is the young man who ill-used me;" we ordered him to get up and dress, which he was very loath to do; Solomons would not get out of bed, but seemed fumbling about to put something away; she got up, we took them both to the watch-house, then returned to the room, and found two sovereigns, eight shillings, and three farthings, in the handkerchief.


                  RICHARD 
                  BRIDGE
               



            . I was with Phillips - what he has stated is correct.


                  JOHN 
                  DANGATE
               



            . The prisoners were brought to the watch-house; the watchman afterwards brought the money in the handkerchief - Solomons claimed the handkerchief before the Magistrate.
SOLOMONS Defence. When I met him he was so drunk he could not stand - he gave me the money to get supper, and I went out; he had got his things off - he got up, put them on, and said he had been ill-used; he had slept full a quarter of an hour on the ground while I while I went out for the supper.
BANKS' Defence. Bridge said he had seen the prosecutor in Bell-yard with two women; he was locked up, the prosecutor being disorderly; I had been to a fair, as I returned I met Solomons, who asked me to go home with her, which I did; I saw the prosecutor there - I was going to retire; she said, "No, don't go away, wake him, and he will go;" I awoke him - he got up and put his things on, and went to strike me; I put him out and called the watchman.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRIDGE
               



            . I had seen Winter with two of his comrades, but no women.


                  ROBERT 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . The prosecutor was detained to give the charge, not for being drunk or disorderly.


                  JAMES 
                  WINTER
               



            . I had nothing off but my jacket when Banks was rumbling about me; my trousers pocket is cut where they got my money out.
Banks received a good character.
BANKS - 

               GUILTY
            . AGED 18.




               Confined Six Months
            .
SOLOMONS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported Fourteen Years
            .
