





1397. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WOOD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, one piano-forte, value 34 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Chappel
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Francis Tatton 
                     Latour
                  



               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  CHAPPEL
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  Francis 
                  Tatton Latour
               



            . We are music-sellers

, and deal in musical instruments

, and live in Bond-street


. On the 26th of August, 1820, the prisoner came to our shop, he was a stranger; he gave his address as 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wood
               



            , Esq., No. 22, Edward-street, Portman-square, and said he wanted a piano-forte for the use of his children or family, and desired a man might be sent to see it properly placed - he hired it at 25 s. a month, he asked the price; the price entered in the book was forty-five guineas, if he should determine to purchase it, but he hired it - I sent Barnet with it the same day; I had the instrument from Wilkinson, the maker, it was No. 1033. I knew the instrument again, I had paid 38 l. 17 s. for it; I never heard of it till a week ago; I sent several times after the prisoner, and heard of him through an examination at Union-hall.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. There was no period appointed for him to keep it - A. No; I keep printed circulars, stating, that if instruments are bought and paid for, within six months, no hire will be charged. Gentlemen frequently buy instruments after hiring them. He never gave me notice that he meant to purchase it. I never saw him after he hired it - he called twice within an hour or two on the day he hired it.
COURT. Q. How long after it was delivered did you cause enquiry to be made - A. Soon after the six months expired. He said nothing about buying it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARNET
               



            . I was porter to the prosecutors. I have seen the instrument here, I carried it to No. 22, Edward-street, Portman-square, and delivered it to a female servant, I believe, on the 26th of August, and put it in a back room, on the ground floor - I do not know whether any name was on the door, it looked like a gentleman's house.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know that he is an officer in the Army - A. No.


                  JOHN 
                  ARROW
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Foster, of Greek-street, Soho. On the 30th of August, 1820, I paid the prisoner 20 l. for a piano-forte, I produce his receipt, I saw him sign it - the instrument was brought to Mr. Foster's on the same day; we sold it at our sale on the Saturday following for 31 l. 10 s. - the buyer gave the name of Bygrove.
Cross-examined. Q. How many days did you keep it before you got ten guineas profit - A. Three or four. -
(receipt read.)
"London, 30th August, 1820."
Received of Mr. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Foster
               



            , twenty pounds, for a dwarf cabinet piano-forte, made by Wilkinson, my property.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOD
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  BYGROVE
               



            . I am a music-tuner, and live in Duke's-row, Tavistock-square. I bought a dwarf cabinet pianoforte at Mr. Foster's sale, for 31 l. 10 s.; I did not consider it a bargain, it was delivered at my house, I have had it ever since, it is now here; it was made by Wilkinson - Mr. Chappel claimed it.


                  MARY 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I lived servant with the prisoner, in Edward-street, Portman-square. I was there a week before I saw the piano-forte, it was put in the back parlour; the house was well furnished, and had the appearance of a gentleman's house; his wife hired me, there was only one child, she is seven or eight years old. The prisoner slept in the house sometimes; a man servant came about a fortnight after me, he was not in livery, my master gave him a suit of clothes. The instrument remained in the house about five days, and was then sent away; I believe the house belonged to Mr. Beby - a bill was stuck up to let it while I was there, it was taken down very often and put up again, I cannot say if it was taken down when goods were coming in - I stopped six weeks, and then Mrs. Wood told me she did not want me any more - I did not get my wages.



                  WILLIAM 
                  BEBY
               



            . I am the owner of the house, No. 22, Edward-street. I engaged the prisoner's wife to take care of the house, and let it for me; I was to pay her 5 s. a week, I live at Enfield. It was to be let ready furnished - I came to town and saw the prisoner there, he told me once he had let it to the Archbishop of Tuam. I once called when the bill was down. I think he was three months there, and left at the end of August. He was in the King's Bench as a prisoner, I knew that in the first instance, but gave his wife leave to take care of the house - I saw the piano-forte there when I called, he told me it was an article which he had when he was a housekeeper, and he had lately redeemed it by paying 15 l. for it, and offered it me for sale. His wife came to my house the latter end of July.
MR. CHAPPELL. The piano-forte is ours.
By referring to the writ of Haebeas by which the prisoner was brought from the King's Bench, it appeared he was committed there on the 30th of June, 1819.
Prisoner's Defence. It was my full intention to have paid for it, and I can prove I have other property coming to me from Western. I have a gentleman in Court who is willing to enter into contract to pay for it. Mr. James of Western has money of mine, but my accounts are confused - I am willing my wife and myself shall be bound over in any way the Court shall think proper.


                  JOHN 
                  BULL
               



            . I am a cheesemonger, and live in Leader-street, Chelsea. The prisoner employed me about eighteen months ago, as agent - he is entitled to two-thirds of an estate, I have part of the money now arising from a house in Ridinghouse-lane. I had 175 l. remitted me in June, 1820, from Mr. James, it was on account of the prisoner's wife and mother, the father died without a will, and Mrs. Blakey administered to her husband's effects - the prisoner's wife had two-thirds of 175 l. I have paid it her and took her receipt.
MR. ANDREWS. Q. How came you to be an agent - A. Mrs. Wood called me in, to pay the money arising from two houses in Ridinghouse-lane; I went with the mother to get the money from the lawyer's in Gray's Inn - I knew the prisoner three years, and served him with coals when he lived in the New Road; but from the time I paid Mrs. 
               Wood
             the money I have seen neither of them; I paid her the money at a little cottage in the rules of the King's Bench; where they lived together.
Q. Does the daughter play the piano-forte - A. No; I do not know Ranken - I called on Mr. Chappell to propose to pay for the piano-forte a fortnight age, it was after Mr. Wood was at Union-hall - I understood he was an officer in the 3d regiment of foot.



               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
