





Before Lord 
               
                  Chief 
                  Baron Richards
               



            .
218. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM BARNETT 
                     COLLYER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 7th of January
, being servant to 
                     
                        
                           James Anthony 
                           Molteno
                        




                     
                  , did steal seven prints, framed and glazed, value 4 l.; sixteen prints, value 30 s.; a set of fire irons, value 3 s., and four books, value 4 s., the property of his said master, in his dwelling-house
            .


                  JAMES 
                  ANTHONY MOLTENO
               



            . I am a print-seller
, and live in Pall Mall - the prisoner was my servant
. One Tuesday in January, I received a message from Mr. Conalghi; I went to him, and saw some of my prints - a man was there, who had offered them for sale. I went with him towards my house to find the person who sent him with them; I thought he was following me, but when I got to my door I found he was not. I immediately ran up to the public-house, and saw the prisoner run from there; I called out,
"Thomas, stop," and the moment he heard my voice, he increased his speed; I called
"Stop thief," and came up to him in Norris-street; somebody having stopped him, and he attempted to fall on his knees - I took him to the watch-house, where he was searched, and twenty-six duplicates found on him, by which I found part of my property in pawn. I missed a great deal of myproperty while he was with me, but had not missed these prints, as they were tied up and put in the back kitchen.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house - I searched, and found twenty-five duplicates on him. I went to Mr. Conalghi's shop, where sixteen prints were given to me. I went to different pawnbrokers, who are here with Mr. Molteno.


                  MARTIN 
                  CONALGHI
               



            . These prints were brought to me by a stranger, whose appearance induced me to suspect him.


                  PHILIP 
                  LAWSON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 21st of September, two prints were pawned, on the 28th one, on the 24th of August one, and on the 13th of November, a set of fire irons - I believe the prisoner to be the man who pawned them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROOKER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The prisoner pawned two prints for 8 s.; he is the man to the best of my recollection. I asked if they were his own - he said, he brought them from Mr. Standley, No. 9, Little Duke-street.


                  JOHN 
                  ARCHBUTT
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 27th of November, the prisoner pawned four books for 3 s.; I knew him before. He redeemed fifteen or sixteen prints on the day he was apprehended; they were similar to some produced, and were pawned in two pledges for ten and four shillings.
MR. MOLTENO re-examined. He had left my service on the 27th of December, in consequence of coming home drunk. The prints are all mine; those pawned at Lawson's are worth two guineas I think.
Prisoner's Defence. I went into St. Alban's coffee-house - a young man asked me to drink with him; he said he was going to redeem some prints, and would pay me if I helped him to carry them - I was waiting in the tap-room for him, and hearing the cry of Stop thief! I ran out, and Mr. Molteno called out
"Thomas." I went straight on to Norris-street, and was stopped. The duplicates were given me by the young man to take care of for him. I never pawned anything belonging to him. The books were given to me by Gray, the shopman.
GUILTY. Aged 24.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
