





1375. 
               
                  ALEXANDAN 
                  CORMACK
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, the sum of 5 l. 1 s., in monies numbered
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Cann
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  CANN
               



            . I am carpenter
 of the brig Cambrian, which laid in the London Docks


. The prisoner had worked on board for a fortnight, rigging
 the vessel - I received six sovereigns, two guineas, and 15 s. 6 d., of the captain, for wages - the prisoner knew I had it, for I asked him to write a letter for me to my friends, saying that I had it. On the 14th, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I went ashore, leaving four sovereigns, and a guinea, locked in my chest; I returned next morning between nine and ten o'clock, opened my chest, and they were gone - I cannot say whether I found it locked, as I opened it in a hurry; the prisoner came on board afterwards, I told him it was evident he must be the man - he coloured up, and denied it; I went ashore to enquire if he had changed any money, returned in half an hour, and he was gone; we could find him nowhere. He was taken in three or four hours.


                  ROBERT 
                  ABRAHAMS
               



            . I am an apprentice on board the brig. On Sunday the 14th of October, I went ashore with the prisoner, and left him in the dock - he said he was going out of the dock; I went on board another vessel, returned directly, and met him coming from the vessel, we went to the Three Crowns, public-house, and had a pot of beer - nobody but him was on board. I found two chests removed, which rose my suspicion.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a Thames Police officer. On the 15th of October, I found the prisoner at the Scotch Arms, public-house, close to the dock, drinking - I told him, I took him for breaking open the carpenter's chest on board the ship, and taking four sovereigns and a guinea, and asked what he had done with the money - he said, he knew nothing of it. As I took him to the office, I asked if he had left a sovereign and guinea in the hands of any body, he said he had not - I asked if he had changed them any where, he said he had not; then I asked if he had left some sovereigns in the hands of the landlady of the St. Andrew tavern - he said he had not, and that he had none to leave with any one - I found 4 s. 6 d., on him. The landlady of the St. Andrew tavern gave me two sovereigns and two shillings. A friend said in his presence, that he would refund the money for him, if he could have his liberty, he said nothing to it; I said I could not take it, he then advised him to say nothing about it.


                  MARTHA 
                  COHEN
               



            . I keep the St. Andrew tavern. Between four and five o'clock on Sunday evening, the 14th of October, the prisoner gave me three sovereigns to take care of for him - he afterwards wanted one, I gave him ten shillings.


                  ELIZA 
                  SAUNDERS
               



            . My uncle keeps the Three Crowns, public-house. On the 14th of October in the afternoon, the prisoner was at our house, and changed a sovereign.
Prisoner's Defence. The carpenter and I went ashore after dinner, and I did not go on board again till the morning.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin Esq.
