





1588. 
               
                  JEMIMA 
                  PHILLIPS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of July
, 2 gowns, value 2s.; 1 pelisse, value 2s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s., and six 10l. promissory notes
            , the property of 
               
                  George 
                  Wyman
               




            .
MR. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.
GEORGE WYMAN. I live at Coddicot, in Hertfordshire


. The prisoner was in my service, and left me abruptly on the 14th of July - I had gone to bed the night before, about ten o'clock - I had in my bureau in my bed-room six 10l. notes; the bureau was locked, and the key was in my waistcoat pocket; I had not locked my bed-room door, but the prisoner could come from her room to mine, as she slept in an adjoining chamber - I missed the key on the 13th, and on the morning after the prisoner was gone I found that the bureau had been opened, and the notes taken - I have known her from a child; I sent to London in pursuit of her.


                  GENT 
                  HUDDLESTON
               



            . I am a tobacconist, and live at St. Pancras. I hired the prisoner, as my servant
, on Saturday the 15th of July, without a character; she afterwards shewed me six 10l. notes of the Hertfordshire Bank; she said her father and mother were recently dead, and that shortly before her mother died, she called her to her bedside, and said, "My dear Jemima, these are all I have to give you." I got the notes exchanged for her, and shortly afterwards, Mr. Wyman, jun. came to my house, and she was taken into custody; I saw her box searched, and several articles of wearing apparel were claimed by him.


                  JOHN 
                  WYMAN, JUN.
               



             By my father's direction I came to London to find the prisoner - I asked her, if she had not some property of my father's, and some wearing apparel? - she said, she had; her master had got the money, and she had the clothes in her box; I had a constable with me; we went up to her room, and she pointed out her box; I found the clothes there; she said, she took them at different times, and did not know what possessed her; she wanted to get away from the place - she said, when my father went to bed, about half-past eight o'clock at night, and she found he was snoring, she picked the key out of his waistcoat pocket, and the day before she left, she went up stairs, at twelve o'clock, opened the bureau, and took 60l. - she has no mother nor father - she has only an aunt and an uncle, to my knowledge.


                  PETER 
                  STAFFORD
               



            . I am a clerk in the Banking-house of Masterman and Co. Mr. Huddleston exchanged six 10l. Hertford notes at our house, on the 5th of August; he had five 10l. notes for them.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
Recommended to Mercy. - 


               Transported for Seven Year
            .
