





1718. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  KELLY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        John Spriggs Morss 
                        Churchill
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN SPRIGGS MORSS CHURCHILL. I am a bookseller
, and live in Leicester-square. On the night of the 8th ofJuly I was in Bedford-street, Covent-garden


, and felt a hand at my pocket - I turned round, and saw the prisoner take my handkerchief from his coat, and throw it away; he ran off - I pursued him to the corner of Bedford-court, and took him in Henrietta-street; I never got my handkerchief again; I think it was my handkerchief I saw in his hands, but I am not certain - it was a red one, and so was mine; when I came up to him, I said, "You have robbed me!" I was taking him to the watch-house, when the beadle came up and took him; I saw him take it out of his bosom, and throw it on the pavement; there was some person said, "Let him go;" I said he was not the first person I had prosecuted.


                  JAMES 
                  BETHELL
               



            . I am the beadle. I was in the street at half-past nine o'clock, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I took the prisoner to the watch-house, and found nothing on him; the prosecutor charged him with this robbery, and he did not deny it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking with a friend, and got joking him - when we got to Probert's hotel, he was offended; I ran down Bedford-street, this gentleman was coming after me, and I thought it was him, as he had said he would put me into the watch-house.
Mr. CHURCHILL. He said at Bow-street, that there was a row, and he ran, and I followed him, crying Stop thief! he said he heard the rattles sprung, but the watchmen do not come till ten o'clock.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
