







709. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CARWARDEN
               




            , 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  FALGATE
               




            , and 
               
                  JACOB 
                  JULIAN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of February
, a necklace, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Aves
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Aves
                     



                  , spinster

.
ANN AVES. I live in Ellen-street, St. George's in the East


. On Thursday, the 24th of February, between five and six o'clock in the evening, I was in my own house, and did not see any thing of this - I take in washing, and had sent my child with a little boy to take some things to the mangle, about twelve doors from my house - when she went out she had the necklace on; she returned in about ten minutes crying, and said she had lost it. I saw it again on the Wednesday following, at Lambeth-street, and knew it. The prisoners were then in custody.


                  SARAH 
                  INCE
               



            . I live in Philip-street, and am a servant. I saw the child between five and six o'clock, at the corner of the street where I live; I did not see the little boy with her. I saw the three prisoners going up the street; I am quite certain of Julian, who is lame; they were about fifteen or twenty yards from the child: I came down stairs, and saw them make a stop at the top of the street. - The child had no necklace on then, and was crying,
"My beads, my beads." I took her home to her mother, and the mother and I went after the boys, but could not find them. I saw Julian at the office the next day.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I am a constable. From information which I received I took Carwarden and Falgate into custody, on Saturday morning - Julian had been in custody before. I asked them what they had done with the beads - they said they knew nothing about them. I took them to a public-house, and searched them, but found nothing - Carwarden afterwards said to Julian's mother that he had given the beads to a girl in Rosemary-lane; she asked if he meant Betsy, and Falgate said Yes; I then went with Julian's mother, to Betsy, but she denied knowing any thing about them; I was bringing her to the office, and she said,
"It's of no use having a piece of work about a row of beads, come back, and I'll give them to you:" I went back, and she gave them to me - I showed them to Mrs. Aves, who claimed them as her's.
CARWARDEN'S Defence. I was coming by, and picked up the beads.
FALGATE'S Defence. I was on the other side of the way, and these two boys picked up the beads.
JULIAN'S Defence. I was coming along with this boy, and he shewed me the beads, which I took up.
Two witnesses gave Fulgate and Carwarden good characters.
CARWARDEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
FALGATE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
JULIAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
