






843. 
               
                  
                     FANNY 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of May
, a bag, value 2 d.; one hundred and fifty penny pieces, and three hundred halfpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Buck
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUCK
               



            . On Saturday night, the 3d of May, about a quarter to twelve o'clock, I saw the prisoner in St. Giles's. I had a bag containing 26 s. in copper. I went with her to a house in Bainbridge-street


, gave her 6 s., and put my money under the pillow - I was awoke by two men in the room; she was then gone, and so was the money. In about ten minutes I heard the watchman calling three o'clock, called him in, and gave one of the men in charge, then returned to the house, and found her in the front room, and went with her to a house, where she unlocked a box, and handed me out my bag of money.
Prisoner. Q. Were you not very much intoxicated, and did you not give it me to take care of - A. I was not sober, but am sure I did not give it her.


                  EDWARD 
                  YARRINGTON
               



            . I am a watchman. I was called to the house, and took charge of a man, returned with the beadle, and found the prisoner in bed, in the front parlour, with her clothes on - she said she had given the money to her pall, and would go and show where it was. She took us to to No. 9, Maynard-street, and gave the money, and charged the prosecutor with attempting to commit an unnatural crime. She did not say he gave her the money.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I went to Maynard-street, and saw her produce the money.
The prisoner in her Defence repeated the charge stated by Yarrington.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
