





929. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS SALE 
                     DENBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               Bigamy
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a trunk-maker, and live in Smith's buildings, Long-acre. I was present at the prisoner's marriage to 
               
                  
                     Mary Ann 
                     Reeves
                  



               
            , at Bedminster-church , on the 2d of June, 1815. They lived at Bristol. I gave her away. He stated himself to be a naval officer. I saw Reeves in this Court to day, alive, they lived together at her father's for twelve months.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I live in Charlton-street, Fitzroy-square , and keep a tobacconist's shop. 
               
                  
                     Eliza 
                     Keen
                  



               
             is my first cousin, and lived with me - the prisoner visited her at my house; we had no reason to suppose he was married - I went to St. Mary-le-bone church with them when they were married; I witnessed the register - she had no fortune. They lived together in Upper Mary-lebone-street , till he was apprehended at the instigation of his first wife. She was married by the name of King - I do not know how the mistake happened - she cannot write - they were married by banus.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not always write to her as Miss King - A. Yes, but I told you her name was Keene.


                  MICHAEL 
                  MORRIS
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner.


                  RICHARD 
                  REEVES
               



            . The prisoner's first wife was my daughter; he married her with my consent; they lived together nearly seven years. I have lived in London for the last two years, and they lived with me till within a few months. He was at my house on the day he married Keen, but said nothing about it. I produce the certificate of my daughter's marriage.
Prisoner. Q. Did not one Harman elope with her from your house - Witness. I shall not answer.
Prisoner's Defence. I separated from my first wife on account of her eloping with a lodger, whom she is now living with at her father's house. We had drawn up an agreement for a divorce.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
