





OLD COURT.
FOURTH DAY. MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 14.
First Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1695. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HUGHES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of September
, 1 pocket-book, value 2s, and two 5l. Bank notes, the monies of Sir


                           George 
                           Farrant
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
SIR 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  FARRANT
               



            . I am a Magistrate of Middlesex
. On Thursday, the 10th of September, a little after twelve o'clock, I was on the north side of Grosvenor-square


, and felt a slight sudden touch at my pocket, hardly perceptible; I turned round, and saw the prisoner walking behind me, with his hand in his pocket, as if he was lame; I put my hand to my pocket, and missed my pocketbook, I immediately collared him, and said, "You have my pocket book;" he said, "Me, Sir; what, Sir, your pocketbook? I said, Yes; I put my hand into his breeches pocket, and took my pocket-book out of his hand, which was in his pocket, it contained two 5l. Bank notes - I took him to the office. I felt the slightest touch; if I had not seen him with his hand in his pocket, and walking as if lame, I should not have suspected him; it was done with great skill and adroitners - nothing could be done neater.
Prisoner's Defence. There were three more boy
s behind the gentleman; I saw them go on - the pocketbook laid on the ground; I picked it up - the gentleman asked if I had any thing; I said Nothing belonging to him - I had a right to pick up what laid on the ground.
SIR 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  FARRANT
               



            . There were two boys further back, but he was the nearest.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
