





1399. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Gilbert
                        




                     
                  , about seven o'clock in the night of the 12th of October
, and stealing four silver tea-spoons, value 10 s.; a table-spoon, value 10 s.; two mourning rings, value 40 s.; a pencil-case, value 10 s.; a brooch, value 2 s.; two hundred and forty penny pieces; and four hundred and eighty halfpence
            , his property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILBERT
               



            . I am a butcher
, and live in Long-lane


. On the 12th of October, about half-past two o'clock in the afternoon, I went out, and merely shut the door, but did not lock it - the lock catches. I left a small pug dog tied in the kitchen, but no person in the house. I was passing the house about half-past seven o'clock, and heard the dog barking - I stood opposite the house some time - a man looked me in the face as I crossed over - another came up and asked me what it was o'clock - I took out my watch, and told him a quarter to eight, but it was too fast. In about five minutes two men opened the door and came out - I immediately ran across and secured the last one, who was the prisoner. An officer came up and took him, and asked what business he had in the house - he made no answer. I went into Charter-house-street soon after, to pursue the other man, and there found a quantity of halfpence - a small housewife, a few needles, and an empty box, which were in the house when I left, were found on the prisoner. I had let the servant have the key, and did not go in for some time.
Cross-examined by MR. CURWOOD. Q. Your door has a spring lock - A. Yes; I tried it, and am sure the lock caught.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PEARMAN
               



            . I am officer of the night. On the 12th of October, I saw the prisoner and Gilbert scuffling by the door; he sung out
"Thieves!" and I caught hold of the prisoner. I searched him, and found seventeen picklock keys, a phosphorus bottle, matches, and dark lanthorn on him; two of the keys opened the door easily - I also found a housewife, a few needles, and a box on the prisoner.
GUILTY - Aged 20.
Of 


               stealing, but not of breaking and entering
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
