






750. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  LEWIS
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of March
, a handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of a certain person, whose name is unknown, from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  JOSEPH FORD
               



            . I keep a shoe shop on Holborn-bridge, and am constable of Holborn. On the 7th of March, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was on Holborn-bridge


, and was induced to watch the prisoners, who followed a gentleman towards Snow-hill


, and just as I thought they had committed a robbery, a cart came by - I kept on the other side of the way; they went up a yard, and then watched several gentlemen for ten minutes, and then followed a gentleman - I crossed over - Smith attempted the gentleman's pocket, nearly at the corner of Field-lane, but did not succeed; Lewis then tried; Smith touched him on the left shoulder; he fell back; Smith then took a handkerchief out, and gave it into Lewis's hand, who put it into his small clothes - I collared them both, and pushed them into a shop immediately; I knew them before - I could not follow the gentleman, having nobody with me; they swore how they would serve anybody who came to my assistance. At the Compter I found two handkerchiefs in the thigh of Lewis's trowsers.
Prisoner LEWIS. Q. What distance was you from me? A. Close to you. I had enough to do to lay hold of you; they behaved most desperately.
SMITH'S Defence. I was going by Holborn-hill - he came and seized me, threw me into the shop, pulled a handkerchief from this man, and said,
"This will do for you," and at Guildhall he had to choose which handkerchief he would swear to.
LEWIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Life
            .
