







Before Mr. Baron Garrow.
1797. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  LEWIS
               




             and KEZIAH HIS WIFE were indicted for 


               that they, on the 31st of July
, being in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Farrant
                     




                  , feloniously did steal 1 violin, value 1l., and 1 hat, value 3s., his property; and having committed the said felony, afterwards, to wit, on the same day, about two o'clock in the night, the same dwelling-house burglariously did break and get out of the the same
            .
JOHN FARRANT. I have been blind twenty-seven years, and get my living by playing on the violin. In July last I lived at No. 20, Dock-street, Commercial-road


; I rented the house - it has only two rooms below and two above; I lived on the ground-floor, and let John and Keziah Lewis the front room up stairs, at 2s. 6d. a week; they came on the 27th of July, and remained till Monday, the 31st - they were in my apartment all day on Sunday; they dined and drank tea with me - they had 1s., and paid me 1s. for rent; I gave them 2s. 10d., and we were to spend the day together. I remained with them till twelve o'clock, when I laid down for a few minutes, and got up, as my little boy was very ill; I went to bed again, and between that time and half-past four o'clock this robbery was committed. I kept my violin in the bed-room, which has not a good lock to it. I got up between four and five o'clock, being restless, and asked the male prisoner if he would get up and sit with me a little while, as my little boy was ill, but I could not discover that anybody was in their room; nobody answered me. I walked to the street door, which I had bolted, and found it unbolted; I then went to my bed-room cupboard, and felt that the violin was gone; I called up my two little boys, one of whom if fourteen years old, and sent him to Nash - I asked my boy to give me my hat - he gave me one which I knew was not my own; my own hat and violin were gone, with the case and bow; I have not had any of them delivered back to me. I had bolted my front door when I went to bed; the back room up stairs was rented by a window and her three children - she was gone to bed when I fastened the door. The prisoners were apprehended about two months afterwards. John Lewis was to have gone with me on the Monday to Chatham races.


                  JAMES 
                  ABRAHAM NASH
               



            . I am a labourer. I know the prosecutor and the prisoners. I have seen a hat which was found in the prosecutor's room - I know it to be John Lewis', by the sewing on it; Farrant has worn it since, having no other - here it is; I know Lewis wore it previous to the robbery - I have seen him wear it all the time he lodged there.


                  OBADIAH 
                  BULL
               



            . I apprehended the prisoners on the 20th of September, in Cock-alley, Norton-falgate. I found nothing at their lodging.
JOHN LEWIS' Defence. I have only to say I am not accustomed to wear hats in general, but generally wear caps(producing a fur cap), being a strolling player. I know nothing of the robbery.


                  JAMES 
                  ABRAHAM NASH
               



            . I never saw him wear such a cap as that - I always saw him in a hat.
JOHN LEWIS - GUILTY. Aged 22.
Of 


               stealing only
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .


                  KEZIAH 
                  LEWIS
               



             - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
