





1057. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FIGG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of August
, three shirts, value 24 s., and one handkerchief, value 9 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Applebee
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  APPLEBEE
               



            . I lodge in the same room as the prisoner at Swan's, in Nettleton-court, Aldersgate-street


. went out on Friday morning, and left these things, in my box. About a week after I missed this property.


                  CATHERINE 
                  SWAN
               



            . I keep the house; the prisoner lodged in the same room as Applebee. He was in bed on Friday morning when Applebee went out. He left on the Sunday, without paying.


                  JOHN 
                  WHALES
               



            . I am an officer of Marlbrough-street. On the 28th of August I searched the prisoner, at Tothill-fields prison, where he was committed for being disorderly at Knightsbridge barracks, and on his back I found a shirt and neck-handkerchief. I also found the duplicate of another shirt, on him.


                  JOHN 
                  FRAZIER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Bartrum, pawnbroker, Princes-street, Soho. The duplicate found on the prisoner, is for a shirt, pawned on the 16th of August I do not remember who pawned it.


                  JAMES 
                  HEARN
               



            . I am an officer. Mrs. Swan applied to me to search the prisoner, a handkerchief was taken off his neck at the office.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Richardson.
