





274. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, eighteen bagatelle balls, value 16 s.; twelve carpet broom sockets, value 2 ls. 6 d.; twelve mopheads, value 18 s.; forty-two tooth-brushes, value 17 s.; eighteen nail-brushes, value 12 s. 8 d.; four clothes-brushes, value 14 s.; and a basket, value 2 s. 6 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Trimbey
                  




               
             and others, his partners.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 17th of December, about five o'clock in the evening, I and Herdsfield were in Queen-street, and saw a cart going along, and several persons following it. I watched it through different streets, and in Little Eastcheap


 I saw the prisoner coming from the cart with a basket; somebody called out, Stop him; he carried it about two yards farther, then threw it down and ran up a passage. I picked it up; Herdsfield ran up the passage - the prisoner lifted his hand up to strike him; I ran and seized him. He was never out of my sight.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I lost sight ofthe cart for a short time; then heard a cry of Stop him! I saw the basket in the prisoner's hand, he threw it down; I laid hold of him; he struck me over the ear, and we fell together.


                  JOHN 
                  SPICER
               



            . I am a carman. I had brought the goods from Mr. Trimbey's. I was riding on the top of the cart, with the tilt wrapped round me, as it rained hard; I felt the tilt move, looked round, and saw a man running away with the basket.


                  GEORGE 
                  ROBERT SMITH
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  James 
                  Trimbey
               



            , who has other partners. I employed the carter to take some goods from the warehouse to the wharf; this basket, containing the articles stated in the indictment, was among them.
(Basket produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw a man coming from the cart with the basket; I crossed, laid hold of him and the basket; he got from me, and I carried it to the curb.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
