






502. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  CURTIS
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BOWYER
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, 1 carboy and basket, value 7s., and 8 gallons of spirits of turpentine, value 45s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Flockton
               




            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  DUNFORD
               



            . I am carman to Mr. Thomas Flockton, who lives in Freeman's-lane, Horselydown. On the>21st of January I received a carboy and basket, to carry to St. Martin's-lane, in a caravan - I stopped with it in Chandos-street


, about half-past three o'clock, to go into a public-house - and when I came out, the carboy was gone.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am a City-officer. I was in Fleet-market on the 21st of January, about twenty minutes past two o'clock - I saw the two prisoners and another man, following a cart down Bridge-street, and then they turned down Thames-street, and met Mr. Flockton's van, which they followed; I saw Curtis take the pin out of the back of the van, as they were going along, and in Chandos-street they took down the tail-board; Bowyer took out the basket, and Curtis put on a knot, and took it on his head- I followed him, and took it from him in a narrow passage at the end of the street - in the scuffle it fell down and broke all to pieces.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WORCESTER
               



            . I was with Forrester - what he has stated is correct - the prisoners were taken in a narrow passage leading from St. Martin's-lane to Bedfordbury.
CURTIS'S Defence. I was a quarter of a mile from the place at the time.
BOWYER'S Defence. I was hired to take it by a man, who told me he would give me 1s. for it.
CURTIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
BOWYER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
