






London Cases, before W. Arabin, Esq.
480. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     COLE
                  




               
             were indicted for a 


               burglary in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Yeates
                        




                     
                  , on the night of the 13th of February
, and stealing two gallons of Madeira wine, value 3 l.; a pint of Cape white wine, value 1 s.; fourteen glass bottles, value 3 s.; a half-crown, three shillings, a sixpence, 322 penny-pieces, and 362 halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Yeates
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Yeates
                  



               
            .


                  JACOB 
                  YEATES
               



            . I am in partnership with my father, 
               
                  William 
                  Yeates
               



            . We have a warehouse in Cross-lane


 - neither of us sleep there, nor any of our servants - we are wine-merchants

. On the 13th of February, we left the counting-house between seven and nine o'clock. I recollect trying the door when we came out, and found it fast. Between seven and nine next morning I heard of this robbery, and found a cupboard in the counting-house broken open with a crow-bar. I had taken stock on the 6th, and kept the key of the cupboard ever since; there were then nine papers of copper coin, thirteen bottles of Madeira, and five bottles of Cape. I missed thirteen bottles of Madeira and one of Cape, and the copper was all gone.


                  GEORGE 
                  LODGE
               



            . I lodge at Miss Cottles, who rents the upper part of these premises. On the night of the 13th I saw the reflection of a light cross my bed-room from Yeates's skylight - I went down stairs, told the watchman, and the prisoners were secured.


                  JOHN 
                  ALLINGHAM
               



            . I am a patrol of the Tower Ward. About half-past one o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Idol-lane; I was called, and went into Cross-lane, and found a watchman and Mr. Lodge at Yeates's door. I stationed two watchmen at the street-door, while I went to the back of the house; I returned and found the prisoners in custody. Baker was endeavouring to get away, and I secured him. I went into the counting-house, and found that the iron chest had been opened by a key, which was afterwards found at the watch-house. Several bottles of wine were taken down and put into a basket, which had a bladder in it; a 5 s. paper of halfpence, and two skeleton keys, were picked up in a drain in the passage; a dark lantern and crow-bar were found - the largest skeleton key opened the street door; a half-crown and three shillings and sixpence were found in the drain, and a door communicating with the upper part of the house was forced open.


                  JOHN 
                  FITZGERALD
               



            . I am a watchman. I secured Baker in the passage, coming from Yeates's counting-house; he said nothing, but wanted to trip me up three or four times; the prisoners had opened the door inside, and we rushed in upon them.


                  PETER 
                  QUIN
               



            . I am a watchman. I took Cole in the passage of the house; when the prisoners opened the door we rushed in.


                  DANIEL 
                  JEWSON
               



            . I am constable of the night. I produce the wine and money. I found a knife on Baker, and a watch on Cole.


                  WILLIAM 
                  YEATES
               



            . The skin has wine on it, and the cork of it is marked M, in my writing.
BAKER - GUILTY. Aged 45.
COLE - GUILTY. Aged 26.




               Of stealing only
            . - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
