





Fifth Middesex Jury - before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1874. 
               
                  SUSAN 
                  KING
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, 1 watch, value 1l.; 1 watch-chain, value 1d., and 1 seal, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Croft
                     




                  , from his person
            .
EDWARD CROFT. I am a labourer
. I came from Bedfordshire on the 16th of July, late at night, and could not get a lodging - I was walking in the street, and met the prisoner between three and four o'clock in the morning of the 17th - she asked me to give her something to drink; I said it was late, and we could not find a place; she said she would find a place, and I went and gave her a glass of rum, and took one myself: we came out, and she wanted me to go home with her, which I refused, but I went with her into some alley, and she clasped her hands round me, and asked me to go home with her - I still refused; she drew her hand from me - I felt my fob, and my watch was gone - she then ran off; I pursued, but lost sight of her - I met Lewis, who asked me what was the matter - I told him; he took her- I am sure she is the person; I was a little the worse for liquor, but knew what I was about; I did not give her the watch, nor promise her any money.


                  JAMES 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I met Croft in the street, on the morning of the 17th of July - he gave me information, and I went and took the prisoner in about five minutes in Whitecross-street; she wanted to know what she was taken for - I took her to the watch-house, and said she had robbed a man of his watch; she said "Well, what have you to do with it"- I said I had, and I took her along - she seized a knocker of a door, and said "I will be d - d if I will go any further till you show your authority;" I said "Anybody has a right to take a felon:" I saw Adams on the other side of the street - I called him to me, and said "I will thank you to ring that bell," which he did; Mr. Richardson, the officer, came down, and we took her.


                  CHARLES 
                  RICHARDSON
               



            . I am an officer. I came down, and took the prisoner to the watch-house - she produced this watch from her pocket, and said it was given to her.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that the prosecutor had taken her to several public-houses, and got intoxicated, and had given her the watch to pledge.
CHARLES RICHARDSON. The prosecutor had been drinking, but was not drunk.



                  EDWARD 
                  CROFT
               



            . I had not been into any house but where we had the glass of rum.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
