





105. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HAYDON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of November
, the sum of 10 s. 9 1/2 d., in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Cansick
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  CANSICK
               



            . I am a journeyman cooper
. On Saturday evening, the 3rd of November, about eleven o'clock, I went into the Wellington, public-house, Cannon-street, and had a pint of beer, the prisoner came before me, and called me his father, and said, would I have some liquor, or beer, I said, "No;" I asked him to drink with me, I paid one shilling, and received nine-pence change for it. I went home, and he walked with me, arm in arm, and kept me in conversation. Another man walked about six yards before me, and at the top of the street, the other man made a full stop, the prisoner immediately put his hand to my pocket, and ran off. I felt, and found he had turned it inside out; I pursued him, calling Stop thief! The office stopped him. I know him to be the man, he ran very quick, and I kept close to him all the way. I lost 10 s 9 1/2 d. from my pocket.


                  JOHN 
                  LAMBOLL
               



            . I heard the cry of Stop thief! about twelve o'clock, at night, I ran out of the watch-house, and caught him by the arm; I found 10 s. 9 1/2 d., on him. He said he had that money, from Mr. Teddy, a tobacconist, I went there, and he did not know him.
Prisoner. Q. I said I worked for Mr. Jordan, of Fore-street - A. He said so afterwards.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SUMMERS
               



            . I was at the watch-house, and heard the cry of Stop thief! When the prisoner was searched, I found 10 s. 9 1/2 d. on him and 6 d. was found concealed in the lining of his coat, he acknowledged putting it there himself. The publican came, and said he was the man who was with the prosecutor, the prosecutor was rather intoxicated, but perfectly correct.


                  JAMES 
                  CANSICK
               



            . All my money was in shillings, and so is this.
Prisoner's Defence. I heard the alarm, and they took me. The prosecutor was very drunk, and did not know what he lost.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
