





232. 
               
                  
                     EMANUEL 
                     PHILLIPS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of December
, a wooden chest, value 1 s.; and 35 lbs. of tea, value 9 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Shillcock
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  SHILLCOCK
               



            . I am a tea-dealer
, and live in Philpot-lane


. On the 30th of December, about five o'clock, I was called down, and missed part of a chest of tea from my warehouse, which I had seen safe two minutes before. I pursued towards Fenchurch-street, and overtook two persons lifting it on the prisoner's head, in Lime-street, and as I pursued, he threw it back at me, but it did not hit me - I fell over it - continued to pursue, and kept him in sight till he was taken.
Cross-examined by MR. COOK. Q. How do you know it was your's. - A. It had the Company's mark on it, and was numbered 1617. They have but one of each number in a sale - they have four sales every year; but there is a mark of the sale as well. I overtook him about forty yards from the house. A little boy directed me after him.


                  EDWARD 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am a tailor. I was at the top of Philpot-lane, talking to a person, and saw three young men cross the road with a chest of tea, about fourteen yards from Mr. Shillcock's, who came out after them immediately. They were running, and had a cord under it, one holding each end of it, to support the chest. I was behind the prisoner all the way, and never lost sight of him till he was stopped. I was close to the chest when it fell. He ran away, and I after him.
Cross-examined. Q. You saw three persons. - A. Yes; one in front, and one on each side - the two put it on the prisoner's shoulder, and ran away - there was nobody to follow them.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITTLE
               



            . I keep a public-house at St. Mary Axe. I was going down Lime-street towards Fenchurch-street, and saw the prisoner running with the tea chest, he threw it down. I told Mr. Shillcock to follow him, while I took care of the chest. A person came up, and said he was an Excise officer - that it was smuggled, and he shouldseize it. I said he could not, and as soon as the prisoner was brought back, he went off.


                  JOHN 
                  AVERY
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was in Lime-street, and heard the cry of, Stop thief, hollowed out, and met the prisoner; he turned short back, and ran in among the crowd, and I laid hold of him. The chest was half full, and weighed 52 lbs. Webb delivered it to me. The prisoner said it was given him to carry.


                  ANTHONY 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am an officer, and was with Avery, His account is correct.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been out selling oranges, and was met by two men, who asked me to earn a shilling by carrying this chest; they put it on my head. I did not proceed far before I heard the alarm, one of them then told me to throw it down.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
