






1325. 
               
                  ELLEN 
                  GARRATT
               




             and 
               
                  MARY 
                  WHARF
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of August
, a 10 l. Bank note, the property of 
                     
                        George 
                        Cusons
                     




                  , from his person
            .
GEORGE CUSONS. I am a seaman
. I live in Ann-street, Limehouse. Sometime in the afternoon of the 21st of August, I went with the prisoner Garratt to a house in Sun-yard


 - I was a little groggy. When we had been there some time, the other prisoner came in. I had a 10 l. Bank note in a purse in my left-hand breeches pocket. I went to sleep, and when I awoke it was dark, and the prisoners were gone. I then overhauled my pocket, and missed the note. I went down stairs, and found Wharf in the kitchen or parlour, but I did not say any thing about my loss - I staid in the house till morning. I then saw Wharf again, and asked her where the purse was - she said she had not seen it. I said "Where is the 10 l. note;" she said she had not seen a 10 l. note for some time. I afterwards saw Garratt. I did not ask her about the note in the house, but I asked her out of doors - she said she had not seen it. I afterwards made inquiries if two such women had changed a note, and Mr. Fletcher said he had changed it for them.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Did you go with Garratt? A. Yes; and Wharf was there. I undressed myself and went to bed. Garrat was in bed with me a short time - I had put my trousers on a chair. I had not made any observation on the note.


                  RICHARD 
                  WICKERS
               



            . I had given the prosecutor this 10 l. note in change for a cheque - it is marked with my initials by my son, but he is not here. I am certain it is his writing.


                  JOHN 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I live at the Ship and Gun, public-house, in Sun-yard. This note was brought to my house about four o'clock in the afternoon of Saturday, the 20th of August, by Garratt, who bought half a pint of gin. Wharf was with her. I gave Garratt nine sovereigns, 19 s. and 3 d., and wrote her name on the note.


                  THOMAS 
                  OBORNE
               



            . I am a headborough. I went with Cusons on the 21st of August to Wharf's house in Sun-yard. I saw Garratt, and asked her what she had done with the note - she said she knew nothing about it. I searched her room, but found no money. I came down to Wharf's room, and saw her standing at a drawer. I said "I must look into that drawer." I found three sovereigns and 1 l. 13 s. in silver there, which she said was for her landlord; but as we were going along, Garratt said it was part of the change of the note.
GARRATT'S Defence. We both went out, he bought me a pair of shoes, and a pair of stockings, we then came back, and went to bed again.
GEORGE CUSONS re-examined. Q. Did you exchange the 10 l. note which you received of Mr. Wickers for any other 10 l. note? A. No - I did not.
GARRATT - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WHARF - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.




               Confined Three Months
            .
Of stealing, but not from the person.
