





22. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  MORGAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, three pair of boots, value 30 s.; a pair of shoes, value 2 s.; a pair of breeches, value 2 s.; a handkerchief, value 6 d., and two stable dresses, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  David 
                  Abraham
               




            .
DAVID ABRAHAM. I live with Mr. 
               
                  David 
                  Burgess
               



            , at the Holly Bush, public-house, Hampstead


. On the 13th of November, I left these articles in the stable, which I locked at eight o'clock at night I came there again at a quarter past seven next morning, and they were all gone; the stable window had been knocked in, and four squares of glass broken - a man might have got in at that opening; there is a door to the stable which opens into the yard. I saw one pair of my boots on Morgan's feet, on the Sunday week after he was taken; another pair was produced before the Magistrate. I have seen one of the stable dresses. I had seen the prisoner frequently at the house.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PIGGOT
               



            . I am ostler at the Holly Bush. I had been at Mr. Burgess's stables between nine and ten o'clock on the 13th of November, and left them locked and the window safe. I went there again at seven o'clock in the morning, and it had been broken; the space would have admitted any one into the stable. I saw the prisoner in custody at Highgate, about eight days after.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TOOLEY
               



            . I am an officer of Finchley. I saw the prisoner on the 19th of November, near the Queen's Head, public-house, about a quarter before five o'clock with a bundle. I had had some information from the landlady, and I stopped him; there were some articles in the bundle which were taken up to the Magistrate's.


                  JOHN 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am an officer of Hampstead. I have brought some things which I found concealed under the watch-house; they were afterwards claimed by Abrahams.


                  CHARLES 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am an officer of Hampstead. I searched the prisoner in the watch-house on the Sunday after he was taken; this handkerchief was round his waist- - he did not say how he came by it.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUNTER
               



            . I am a constable. I have a pair of boots which I found in Duck Wood, Finchley - the prisoner shewed me where they were hid; they were claimed by Abrahams.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going home, and picked the bundle up. I kept it till I was taken into custody.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
