






212. 
               
                  SUSAN 
                  SCARBOROUGH
               




             and 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  MURRAY
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of November
, 1 jacket, value 30s.; 1 waistcoat, value 15s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 20s.; 1 hat, value 14s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 9s.; 1 handkerchief, value 6s., and 1 pair of braces, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Andrew 
                  Brown
               




            .
ANDREW BROWN I am a sailor
. On the 3rd of November I went with the articles stated, on my back to Murray's house, between eight and nine o'clock, with Scarborough - I was rather tipsy; after I had been there a little while, I did not undress myself, but Scarborough undressed me - I went to bed; my clothes were put on a chair - in the morning I found myself on the floor, and Scarborough was standing by the bed and said, "I am going to get you a pint of beer and a quartern of gin, as you were drunk last night;" my clothes were were all gone, and I have never seen them since - I sat there till the afternoon before I got any thing to put on; I have nothing to say against Murray; there were two men up stairs, who seemed to be Scarborough's companions.
Prisoner Scarborough. Q.Did not you come in with a shipmate named Duncan? A. Yes.


                  SAMUEL 
                  JAMIESON
               



            . The prisoner, Scarborough, owned at the public-house, that she knew about the jacket, waistcoat, and handkerchief, belonging to the prosecutor she said she had 8s. on the jacket, 3s. on the waistcoat, and 1s. on the handkerchief; when she was taken to the watch-house she had a kind of handkerchief tied round her wrist, which she said was part of the handkerchief.
Prisoner Scarborough. Q. Were not you in the City of Canton public-house? A. Yes; it was there I saw you - I did not want to drag you to the watch-house; I waited till the officer came, but I did not fetch him - you were the worse for liquor.
COURT. Q.Why did not you go before the Magistrate? A. I did; I think it was on the 3rd of November - I saw Scarborough at the public-house, about eleven o'clock; it must have been in the night, or early in the morning that she had the things.
Scarborough's Defence. My mother keeps a lodging-house; the prosecutor came in, and said he would stop with me all night - he gave me 6s.; he sent for some liquor - I was taken up to bed, and so was he - when I awoke he was lying in a beastly state; I got up, and went out - when I returned I was told he was gone to Poplar; I am innocent, and I believe my father and mother, and this man want to send me out of the country.
SCARBOROUGH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MURRAY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
