





1208. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RANGER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Abraham George 
                           Favenc
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ABRAHAM 
                  GEORGE
               



             FAVENC. I am a warehouseman
, and live in Cheapside. On Tuesday, the 2d of June, I was by the Bank


, returning home, and had used my handkerchief in Bishopsgate-street; it was about a quarter to ten o'clock at night - I observed the prisoner, with two more, by the Royal Exchange - I crossed over from them by the Bank, and near the end of the Bank I missed my handkerchief; on turning round I observed the prisoner about three yards from me - when I went towards him the other two persons passed me; I went towards the prisoner and saw him throw my handkerchief away - he attempted to run: I caught hold of him, and accused him of stealing my handkerchief - the others ran away; Garton came up,and took charge of him - I picked up the handkerchief: he begged of me to forgive him, and promised if I would let him go he would not do so again.


                  JOHN 
                  GARTON
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner following the prosecutor; the other two were about ten yards behind him - I knew them by sight: I did not see the handkerchief taken; the prisoner went right under the Piazza - the others dodged about, and met at the other end- he spoke to them, and went on towards the Bank, and just before they came down to princes-street, I saw the prisoner turn round; the prosecutor turned round immediately, and I saw the prisoner throw the handkerchief on the railing of the Bank; the other two went on, and took not the least notice.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner pleaded poverty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
