





790. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for stealing, on the 22d of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Humphries
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  HUMPHRIES
               



            . I am a draper
, and was passing in Liquorpond-street


 on the night of the 22d of February; the prisoner came up close behind me, and struck against my coat - I felt him raise my coat up, and my handkerchief was taken out; I turned round; no other person was near me - I took up my handkerchief from the ground, and accused him of it; he denied it; I seized him - he used all the violence he could to get away from me; I tore his shirt and coat all to pieces - he drew me along into Gray's lun-lane; I at last got a watchman to secure him - there was no person within twenty yards of me at the time it was taken but a lady, with whom I was walking home.


                  JOHN 
                  THURTELL
               



            . I am a watchman. I was waiting at the corner of Liquorpond-street to cry the hour of nine -I heard something called; I went up slowly to the place, and saw the prisoner and prosecutor scuffling - I went up to them, and the prosecutor gave him into my charge; on the way to the watch-house the prisoner said that two boys took the handkerchief from the gentleman's pocket, and made off.


                  JOHN 
                  BURNETT
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoner in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been with some friends to a Christening, and they made me a little merry; I saw this gentleman and his wife - I happened to stumble, and hit against him; I fell in the gutter; the gentleman turned round, and said I had stolen his handkerchief - I said I had not, and I believe I used very violent language - he seized me, as I was violent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
