






2211. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  HARLEY
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WHITTLE
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of a certain 
                     person unknown


                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JAMES
               



            . I am a constable of Aldersgate-ward. On the 12th of October, about half-past two o'clock in the day, I saw the prisoners on Fish-street-hill; they attempted to pick the pocket of a gentleman, who was crossing East-cheap; Harley had the gentleman's coat flap in his hand, and two fingers of his right hand in his pocket; I crossed over, to have a better view; they left him, and went up Cannon-street


, and there Harley took a handkerchief from another gentleman's pocket - Whittle was trying to hide him, but I was on the other side of the way, and saw it distinctly; I followed them from there to Watling-street - I saw Harley put the handkerchief into his hat, and hold it up to show Whittle, as they passed Budge-row - they passed on; he attempted another gentleman's pocket, and Whittle tried to hide him - I followed them as far as St. Paul's church-yard; I did not know the gentleman; I followed them, and could not inform him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COOK
               



            . I saw the prisoners together in St. Paul's church-yard.


                  THOMAS 
                  WAGSTAFF
               



            . I am an officer. I went up, and took Harley in St. Paul's church-yard; he was very desperate - he got the staff from James, and cut James' head with it.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LONG
               



            . I saw James scuffling with the two prisoners; I was called to assist - it was Harley who resisted so desperately. I took Whittle to the Compter - he made no resistance.


                  THEOPHILUS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I saw Harley near Doctors' Commons, with the constable's staff in his hand - he had taken it from James, who had his head cut, and the blood was streaming down.
HARLEY's Defence. He says he saw me take the handkerchief in Cannon-street; it is very odd he could not tell the gentleman - instead of which he follows us, and seizes me; he said I was his prisoner - I asked for what; he would not tell me; I certainly got from him, and he struck me.
WHITTLE's Defence. I saw a mob, went up, and one of the gentlemen said, "Take him - he is one of the party."
HARLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Life
            .
WHITTLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Confined One Year
            .
