






2039. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVIS
                  





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October

, 2 live pigs, price 18s.
            , the property of 
               
                  James 
                  West
               



            .
JAMES WEST. I live in Camden-street, Bethnal-green



, and keep pigs
 - the sty is not shut; they run in my yard: they were safe at eleven o'clock on the 11th of October, and at five o'clock the next morning I missed them; I saw them afterwards at the green-yard, and knew them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARD
               



            . I received information on the 18th of October, and went to the prisoner's house, No. 8, North-street; he was at home, and two pigs were running in the back room - he said he had bought those two honestly, and he could bring the person forward of whom he bought them - I was at that time looking for a large sow; the owner was with me, and he said, "I think there is something concealed under the floor;" the prisoner said No - we then pulled out a nail and a gimblet, and opened a small door, which led to a kind of cave under the house - we then opened another door, and found the sow, which the person who was with me claimed; West has seen the two pigs, and claimed them.


                  JOHN 
                  PURSER
               



            . On the 16th of October I lost a large sow; I went on the 18th, with Ward, to the prisoner's house, and saw the two pigs, which the prisoner said he had bought honestly.


                  JAMES 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am a constable. I went to the prisoner's house - what has been stated is correct.


                  GEORGE 
                  ALLWORTHY
               



            . There were five pigs and a sow driven to my house on the 18th of October; the prosecutor came and owned two of them; I keep the greenyard.
SAMUEL HARMER. I am a shoemaker. On the 18th of October I went to the prisoner's house, and saw the two pigs and the sow.
Prisoner's Defence I bought the two small pigs, and gave 18s. for them - the sow walked in, and I could not get her out; she walked into the cellar.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
2040. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of October

, 1 sow, price 50s.
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Purser
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  PURSER
               



            . I live in James-street, Globe-fields



. -On the 16th of October my sow ran out of my yard, when the gate was open for a cart to go in. I went on the 18th to the prisoner's house, and saw two pigs in the back room - under the boards I found my sow; the prisoner said he had no such thing there, and had I not had a little bit of an item I should never have found it - it was a very secret place.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HARMER
               



            . I was present - what has been stated is correct.
Prisoner's Defence. I am as innocent as a new born babe; I opened the door, and shewed him the sow - she ran into my house, flew at me, and went into the cellar.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years for each offence
            .
