






321. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SMITH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  ANN 
                  NICHOLLS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December
, one iron pot, value 1 l.; four saucepans, value 14 s.; two skewers, value 6 d.; one pan, value 1 s.; one shovel, value 2 s.; one tin slice, value 6 d.; one spoon, value 6 d.; one jack fastener, value 6 d.; one can, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Phillimore
                  




               
            , Esq.


MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  EDWARD 
                  HANCOCK
               



            . I am an officer of Islington. I saw Smith in Farringdon-street, Russell-square, (which leads into the mews behind Mr. Phillimore's house) with a large bundle. I went after him, and asked him what he had there - he said he did not know. I asked whose it was - he said it was not his. I told him that was an evasive answer, and I should take him custody. I foundit contained the articles stated in the indictment - I asked where it came from - he at first said it belonged to his fellow-servant, and then that he brought it from Mr. Phillimore's stables. I took him to the watch-house - then went to Mr. Phillimore's, and saw the coachman in the stable. I searched for the prisoner Nicholls; but could not find her. About five minutes after, I saw her in the house, in a very great perspiration, and very muddy - it was wet weather. I took her into the library, and asked how she became possessed of the property I had taken from Smith - she said she could account for every thing but the iron pot - and that some of them were given to her; which Mrs. Phillimore denied. I took her to No. 5, Coram-place, to Smith's, her brother-in-law, as she called him; but could find no such person. I searched her at the watch-house, and found twenty-six keys, and sixteen sovereigns on her - she said it was a general custom with servants who had been a long time in place, to take care of themselves, and she supposed I saw no harm in it - she then asked if there was no way of getting a friend to bribe me. I desired her to hold her tongue.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. When did you first see her - A. About nine o'clock - I saw Smith at eight o'clock. Mr. Phillimore claimed three or four of the keys, and I found they opened the drawers which he pointed out.


                  ROBERT 
                  HEAP
               



            . On the 14th of December, about half-past eight o'clock, I went to Mrs. Phillimore's - Smith had been taken - we went to the stables, and saw the coachman there - went into the house, to look for Nicholls; but was not there - in about ten minutes, I saw her come in at the back door, from the street. She was asked where she had been? she said she had not been out of the house - she was very muddy, wet, and in a dreadful perspiration. She was questioned before Mrs. Phillimore, and said Mrs. Phillimore had given her the things - which Mrs. Phillimore denied. She did not say the iron pot was given to her; she said her brother-in-law, Smith, lived at No. 5, Coram-place. I asked why she said she had not been out - she said she did it to please her mistress. We went to Coram-place; but could not find him. I was present when she was told the bundle was found on Smith. The articles were read over to her - she said every thing but the iron pot was given to her.


                  JAMES 
                  HOBSON
               



            . I was coachman to Mr. Phillimore. On the 14th of December, about a quarter before eight o'clock, Smith came to the stable door, and asked leave to speak to the cook - he had no bundle then. I sent her out to him.


                  RICHARD 
                  GUNTHORP
               



            . I am footman to Mr. Phillimore. When the officers came to the house, I was in the pantry. Nicholls came and asked me for the key of the area gate - I unlocked it for her; and while I stood there, I was told the officers were in the house. She ran across the road as hard as she could, in the direction for Coram-place, which is not above five minutes walk from the house. I think she returned before she could have gone there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PHILLIMORE
               



            , ESQ. I live in Upper Montagu-street. Nicholls was four years in my service, as cook. The officer produced two bundles of keys, and several separate ones. I told him immediately that one loose one would open the tea-caddy, and the other the library table drawer, where I keep the keys of my cellar. I tried them, and they opened it - and four more on one of the bunches, I believe to be mine. One fitted the library table at my chambers, and the other the celeret. I had lost them about a year.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  DUFFIELD
               



            . I am a tinman. I sold this iron pot to Mrs. Phillimore, on the 23d of October; I know it by a flaw - it has never been used, it cost a guinea.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MRS. PHILLIMORE. I never gave Nicholls the iron pot, or any of the things, or leave to remove them.
SMITH'S Defence. When I came home from work, my sister said my cousin wanted me; I went, she gave me the things, and said she would be out in a moment.
NICHOLLS'S Defence. I was married last April, and bought these things for my own use; Mrs. Phillimore was very short of things, and I used them occasionally for her. I went to my sister, in Coram-place, and asked her to send her husband or brother to me. I gave Smith the things, and told him to wait in Russell-square for me.


                  PATIENCE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Smith
               



            , who lives in Coram-place. Nicholls came and told me, to send Smith to her - I sent him; he lodged at Camberwell, but had been a few nights at our house.
NICHOLLS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged. 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SMITH - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Common Sergeant.
