





1342. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CARMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Romeo 
                        Preen
                     




                  , on the 3d of May
, and stealing 1 gown, value 3s.; 1 shawl, value 2s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s. 6d.; 1 other handkerchief, value 2s.; 1 brooch, value 6d.; 4 sovereigns and 4 half-crowns
            , his property.


                  ROMEO 
                  PREEN
               



            . I live in Somerset-street, Aldgate


. On the 3d of May, at ten minutes past six o'clock at night, I stood by while my wife locked the door - we went out, and returned home at twenty minutes before nine; the door had been unlocked, and was fastened inside - it was twilight; I broke it open, and found the prisoner there - he was a stranger; my wife had deposited four sovereigns and a half in a drawer, and they were gone - the shawl and other articles were removed from the bed-room, and were on the stairs loose: my family have the whole house - I do not know the value of the property.
Cross-examined by MR. DOWLING. Q. Was the prisoner sober? A. Yes; he made no resistance - he said he got in at the first floor window.


                  ANN 
                  PREEN
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I had seen the money safe at half-past eleven o'clock on the Saturday night; there were four sovereigns, four half-crowns, and a brooch.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVID
               



             REED. I was returning home, and saw some persons at the door - I heard there was some one going up stairs; I went up the next house, and called to the people to watch at the bottom - no one came out at the top, and I went down; we broke the door open - I went up stairs, and found a flower-pot removed from the window, and several articles of wearing apparel on the stairs; I went down again, and found the prisoner in the cellar at the foot of the stairs - he said, "I am he: there is only me, don't be afraid" - I took him up.
JAMES ROBERTS. I am the officer. I took the prisoner and found nothing on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent of the money - I did not see it, nor remove the wearing apparel at all.


                  ANN 
                  PREEN
               



            . These articles of dress were in my bedroom - I found them on the stairs; the prisoner said he was in distress, and this was the first crime he ever had committed.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
