





862. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  WICKINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of February
, two bundles of paper, value 3l., the goods of 
                     
                        David 
                        Sydney
                     



                   and 
                     
                        Mary Elizabeth 
                        Sydney
                     



                  , widow
; and 18 spoons, value 10l.
            , the goods of the said Mary Elizabeth Sydney.
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRICHARD
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. andMrs. Sydney, they live in Northumberland-street


. On Sunday, the 18th of February, between two and three o'clock, I went away, and locked all the doors. I was the last person there; the steam-room and the desks were all safe - our premises communicate with the yard of Mr. Morris, a wine merchant.


                  SAINT 
                  JOHN MURRAY
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. and Mrs. Sydney. On the 18th of February I was going along the street, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, and I went down to try if any one was at the premises, as I knew some persons had been at work there that day. I felt the door - it was fast, and I was going away, when a young man came round to me in a white rough coat - he joined another man in a brown coat, and I looked towards them, and saw another person come over the gate of Mr. Morris' yard, and join them - the one who came over the gate said, "Halloo, William!" and they all went up the street. I followed them, and met Mr. Smith, who had the keys - we opened the door, and I saw the inner door was half open, and heard some one run up stairs - but I did not see who it was; I then heard a window break up stairs, and said, "They have got out that way;" the window leads to Mr. Morris' stables, and from thence into the yard. A young man, named Cook, went in with us, and they went up stairs while I stood at the door - we had locked the outer door, that nobody should enter. I saw all the persons who went in; the prisoner was not one. I had known him before.
Prisoner. Q. Had you seen me in the street? A. No; you was neither of the three whom I saw in the street.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a workman in the prosecutors' office. I went away on this Sunday, at ten minutes before two o'clock; the things were all right then; I went again with Murray in the evening - it was dark; I opened the outer-door, and saw a person at the inner door, which leads up to the printing office; he ran up stairs, but I cannot swear that it was the prisoner - I immediately locked the door, and called out, "You are all right!" I then went to the front of the premises, and heard the window break; we went into the premises again, and found many of the things out of their places - the first thing I saw was a box, which had been drawn out of the counting-house - it had been broken open, and was standing in the passage leading to the street door. I do not know what had been in that box; I then saw two bundles of foolscap, which had been removed from the table in the warehouse, and brought down stairs to the steam-room door (a bundle of paper is two reams) - I afterwards found, I believe, four desks broken open; the counting-house must have been broken open, or the box could not have been removed. I sent for the officers, who came in about half an hour - I went over the top of the stables with them - I did not see the prisoner found - I saw the persons who went into the premises - the prisoner was not one of them. I knew him before; he had been a pressman of Mr. Sydney's four or five years ago - I have seen him since then, but he has not worked there for the last four years.
Prisoner. Q. Where did you see me last? A. I have seen you several times in Northumberland-street. Murray, Mr. Morris, his groom, and a person of the name of Corbet entered the premises with me - no stranger went in; I did not speak to a stranger, and tell him to go and watch by the tiles - I kept him out; I gave him a stick - that was the first time, but I did not enter then.


                  EDWARD 
                  COOK
               



            . I was with Mr. Smith on the night of the 18th of February, and stood at the door with Murray. I am quite sure the prisoner did not go in.


                  DAVID 
                  SYDNEY
               



            , My mother's name is Mary Elizabeth Sydney, she is a widow; I am her partner - we are printers, and live in Northumberland-street. On the night of the 18th of February, I went to the premises, and found two bundles of foolscap paper in the steam-room, they had been brought there from up stairs - the steam-room is about one yard from the street door - the two bundles were worth about 3l. - a box was removed from my private counting-house, in which there had been some spoons - I am informed they were removed from it - they have not been found since. I went in at the inner door, with my brother, Smith, Murray, and Cook - I then desired the door to be shut - I am quite certain the prisoner was not there. I had known him before, he was apprenticed to my father; I went up stairs first, and found the window of the overseer's counting-house had been broken, and was open. I waited at the window till I heard that a person was taken in the yard - I saw the prisoner afterwards at St. Martin's watch-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  HANDFORD
               



            . I am a trunk-maker, and live in the Strand; there is a way from Mr. Sidney's premises to our back yard, by getting over the stables. I discovered that some persons were searching for thieves, and I searched the top of our work-shop, and the top of the kitchen. I then saw the prisoner through our glazed door, as I was going from the kitchen - that door is the way out, he tapped at one of the squares of glass, and said, "Here, halloo, let us through!" I asked what he did there - he said he was searching for thieves. I said he had no business there; he said he had, for he was one of Mr. Sydney's men. I left him in custody of my father, and fetched a person from Mr. Sydney's, who said he did not know him; he was then given in charge to the watchman. A person could get from Mr. Sydney's over the stables, and then there was a piece of quartering, down which he got into the yard - there were the marks of his feet on it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NICHOLS
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. I went to the premises, and found they had been broken open, and the desks likewise. I then went to the watch-house, and found the prisoner there - his hands were very dirty, as if he had got over the tops of houses - his hand was cut, and was bleeding fresh.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NETTLETON
               



            . I am constable of St. Martin's. The prisoner was given into my charge on Sunday night, the 18th of February; his hands were dirty, as if with rubbing against some wall. I told him I did not want to know any thing at all about the matter, but in the course of conversation, he said he was an unfortunate young man; he had been abroad, and he supposed he must travel again for this - but it was a fortunate thing, he knew it was not a dwelling house, and that would save his life.
Prisoner's Defence. I was returning home, and had occasion to pass the office, as there was a number of persons there, I went over to see what it was - the door was open, and two or three persons came down the street, and went in at the time I did. Smith told one gentleman to go out and watch by the tiles, and said something about minding his stick - but if there had been no way of getting out butby the gate, what necessity would there be for any one to watch the tiles. I went out and found the counting-house door open - I went out at the window, and fell down before I got far. I then walked about some time, and a person called to know who it was, and some person made answer that they were looking for thieves - I fell down, and cut my hand with a sky-light. I knocked at the door of a house, which had not the appearance of wanting to conceal myself - some person came, and they said they suspected I was the thief, and they took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
