





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
1228. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  MITCHELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, at St. Pancras


, a silver coffee biggin, value 8 l., and a silver milk ewer, value 2 l., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Window
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MISS 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  MORRISON
               



            . On the 26th of August I was staying at Mr. James Window's, my brother-in-law, who lives in Upper Bedford-place


; I believe it is in the parish of St. Pancras. I was down stairs about twelve o'clock, directing the wine-merchant's men where to put the wine, and observed a man walk out of the pantry, with a bundle in his arm - I asked what he wanted; he said he came after a groom's place; I asked why he went into the pantry - he said he did not go in, he only knocked at the door; he then put down the bundle outside the pantry window, in the area, and went away up the area steps; the servant fetched me the bundle - it was not out of my sight: it contained a silver coffee biggin. The wine merchant's boy came into the area, and I sent him in pursuit, and the servants also followed.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q. Are you certain what parish the house is in? A. I have seen the rates paid, and am certain it is in St. Pancras.


                  SARAH 
                  OLIVER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Window, and had the care of the plate. I know the coffee biggin perfectly well, and saw it in the pantry closet on the morning in question. On the alarm being given I went to the closet, and missed the biggen and milk-pot, which I had seen safe not ten minutes before. I then went after the prisoner down Bernard-street; he came running down Wilmot-street: he saw me running without a bonnet, and ran quicker. I called Stop thief! he threw down the milk-pot in the area of No. 9. Grenville-street, and was stopped and given into custody. I am sure he is the man - he was never out of my sight; I saw the milk-pot thrown down: he pushed it through the iron railing, and dropped it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  CATHERINE 
                  BROOKER
               



            . I live at No. 9, Grenville-street. On the 26th of August I was in the kitchen, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I immediately went to the area door, and saw the cream jug in the area; I picked it up, and gave it to Oliver. I saw the prisoner in custody in two minutes.


                  JOHN 
                  HUNT
               



            . I am watch-house keeper of the Foundling estate. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house. I think the prosecutor's house is in St. George, Bloomsbury.


                  EDWARD 
                  HEDGES
               



            . I am beadle of St. George, Bloomsbury, and am certain the house is in that parish.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
Of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
