





598. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SINFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously entering, on the 3d of February
, a certain building, within the curtilege of the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Dean
                        




                     
                  , and occupied therewith, but not being part thereof; against the Statute, and stealing therein 21 fowls, value 40s., his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  DEAN
               



            . I live at Hendon


, and am a farmer
. I have a court-yard, which joins my house, in which there is a building. On the night of the 2d of February I fed my fowls at six o'clock; they were then all right - I locked their house up then, and at seven the next morning I found the locks had been forced off, and all the fowls were gone but three - twenty fowls and one guinea-fowl had been taken away: I saw them altogether afterwards, and can swear to them - I had seen the prisoner on the Monday morning, as I was looking at the men; he spoke to one of my men, and said he was going where he was last.


                  RICHARD 
                  DEYKIN
               



            . I am an officer of Kentish-town. On the morning of the 3d of February I was going from the watch-house, and saw the prisoner carrying three bags; I followed, and stopped him, about two hundred and fifty yards off; I asked what he had got - he said he believed fowls: I said, "Let us look" - he put the bags down, and while I was untying one of them he started; Bauldon, who was with me, followed, and took him - they were struggling, and I went up; the prisoner was resolute, and I drew my pistol - I asked where he got them from;he said from the other side of St. Alban's, but he did not know from whom, and he was going to take them to Battle-bridge - as we were going along I saw his right hand going towards his pocket; I seized his hand, felt his pocket, and this knife was in it; I shewed the same fowls to Mr. Dean, who owned them - this lock was found on the prisoner, and there was a crow-bar at the back of his jacket, which fitted the marks exactly, but I have lost it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BAULDON
               



            . I was with Deykin. We followed the prisoner; he was then stopped, and went off - I followed, and seized him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in bed and asleep that night, at a neighbour's, on Finchley-common, who I expected here, but he has not come; a man asked me to carry these bags to Battle-bridge - he said he would satisfy me, and I was willing to get a shilling if I could; if they had found a crow-bar, why did they not bring it forward?



               GUILTY
            . Aged 51.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
