





NEW COURT. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 8.
Fourth Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Common Sergeant.
224. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of November
, 2 lbs. weight of tea, value 2s.
            , the goods of the 
               
United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies




            , his masters.
SECOND COUNT. stating it to be the goods of a person unknown.

MESSRS. BRODRICK and BODKIN conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  LINES
               



            . I am a deputy-assistant elder in the East India Company's service; I have the charge of the second-floor, at the warehouse in Haydon-square


 - the prisoner was a labourer
, and had been employed there fourteen years; the first floor is used for stowing away goods, and mending chests and Jobs; the second, third and fourth floors are for showing goods for sale - the prisoner was employed on the first floor, on the 3rd of November, mending chests; he had no business to go on the second floor, but there is a communication between the first and second floors - the men all lunch at eleven o'clock; at lunch time, on the 3rd of November, I went down stairs, and then went up to the second floor; I walked down one of the alleys, and up again - I went down another alley in the room, No. 34; when I came to the top of the second alley I heard a rustling - I went down to the bottom of the alley, and saw the prisoner on the top of a chest of bohea; he stepped from it, and I said to him, "Halloo! what are you doing here?" he said, "I only came to sit down a few minutes" - I stepped over the chest, and said,"This is your sitting down, is it?" his trousers were down to his heel, and this bag was tied round him - it has two strings at the bottom to tied up between his legs behind; it contains about 2lbs. of tea - I looked at the chests, and several of them had been plundered, some of 5lbs., some of 7lbs., and some of 10lbs. of tea; the tea in this bag appears of the same quality with that in the chests.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you bring any tea from the chests? A. No - one tea is very like another; the prisoner is a weekly servant, and has a wife and two or three children.
ALEXANDER MORGAN. I am a commodore in the service" of the East India Company. Lines called me to his assistance - I found this bag on the prisoner's person, as he has described; I compared the tea in the bag with that in the chests, and it corresponded.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 46. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
