






558. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BAYLIS
               



             and 
               
                  ALBION 
                  LODGE
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of February
, 200lbs. weight of grease, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Knowles
                     




                  , their master
            .
THOMAS KNOWLES. I am a tallow-chandler
, and live in Orange-street, Red Lion-square. I have a warehouse adjoining my house, and a passage through to Kingsgate-street - I have a melting-place in Liquorpond-street - the prisoners have been some years in my service; they are melters

, and we are obliged to do that early in the morning - in the other parts of the day they had little to do, and when they went to my customers with the horse and cart, they used to have my money to make purchases of grease from any person they might meet with, and on their return I paid them the market price for it, which was 18s. per cwt.; I received it in Kingsgate-street; they brought some on Wednesday, the 15th of February, in a cask, with 3qrs. 5lbs. wrote on it in chalk. I weighed it, and it weighed 3qrs. 5lbs.; I paid them 2l. 15s. for it, and said "What are you going to do next?" they said they had to go for some more to Clerkenwell. I filled up that tub in Kingsgate-street, and made it up to 5cwt. 18lbs. - it was then put into the cart by the prisoners, myself and other servants, to go to my melting house in Liquorpond-street; 
               
                  George 
                  Restall
               



            , my other servant, and the prisoners, went with it. I had seen a quantity in the warehouse in Liquorpond-street, that morning, in the pan- there was 2cwt. 2lbs. - the 5cwt. 18lbs. was to be added to it, and the weight of the cask deducted from it. Restall afterwards made some communication to me. I went with two men to Liquorpond-street, and weighed the fat very exactly - I found a deficiency of 2cwt, and 1qr. nearly. I did not see the prisoner again that day, though they said they should return with some more from Clerkenwell; they returned about noon the next day, and brought the same tub which they had taken, which then contained 4cwt. 1qr. and 16lbs. of fat; I weighed it, and said "You know I have been very uneasy, and uncomfortable about the losses I have had - what did you do with that tub of fat you took last night?" they said they had emptied it into the melting pan, which would have taken about twenty minutes. I told them I certainly must find out what they had done with the fat that was in the tub; they said they could bring people to prove where they had got the fat they had brought that morning; and Lodge said"No one saw it taken away;" I said they had. They then clenched their fists at the boy, and went away swearing; I gave information at the office, and they were taken in about six hours. I have never received any clue to know where they bought it - the value of the 2cwt. of greese would be 36s.; they get a profit by buying this grease and selling it to me. Lodge has been with me nearly five years, and Baylis three or four.
Cross-examined by Mr. BRODRICK. Q. Do you collect your grease from different people? A. Yes; the last time I weighed the grease in Liquorpond-street, on the 16th, it weighed 4cwt. 1qr.; I had been there on the morning of the 15th, and there was some grease in the pan which I did not weigh - Reed, the officer, saw it weighed on the 16th. Restall and Freshingfield are employed in Liquorpond-street; when Restall is not there, Freshingfield locks the place, and brings me the key.
COURT. Q. What were they to do with the cask? A. They were to empty it clean out, and then weight it in the presence of George Restall; they were then to take it away empty, and get some more fat in it; if any part of it had been taken away I might have bought it again - it would have undergone no change whatever; I saw the grease on the 15th; it appeared to me to be 2cwt. and upwards.
GEORGE RESTALL. I am servant to Thomas Knowles. I have been so for three or four years. I was at his shop in Orange-street when the prisoners brought the grease on the 15th - it was taken out of the scale and filled up with the stuff on the board, to 5cwt. 18lbs. - it was then put into the cart, and I drove it to Liquorpond-street - the two prisoners walked; I had seen 2cwt. 2lbs. put into the pan the day before, which came from Mr. Bullock's, and on the morning of the 15th, it appeared to be the same quantity; when I got to the warehouse I turned the cart round, and they got the cask by the side of the copper, and Baylis got the fork to empty it; I took hold of the fork, and Lodge gave me half a crown to go and get a feed of corn. I went, and was gone about five minutes, or not quite so much; I had not to go one hundred yards - on my return I saw the cask in the cart, upon its beam ends; I went into the melting-house and locked into the copper, and thought all was not right - I said nothing to the prisoners; they went into the street, where Albion said to Baylis, "We may as well have something to eat;" Baylis said "I was to have gone home to dinner - my wife has got a meat pudding, but she must not mind its being cold;" they then went up the steps of a public-house - I locked up the doors - they said to me "Come in;" I said I did not want any thing to drink, but I went into the house and spoke to my father - they offered me some beer but I would not have it. I was in the house about eight minutes, and then came out; I left them going along the passage. I went home to master and told him what I had seen - he came to the warehouse and weighed the fat, and took the weights - there was 4cwt. 26lb. in the pan, which was less by 217lbs. than I expected. I had kept the keys from the time I locked the door till my master got there.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you weigh the grease on the 14th? A. Yes, and gave my master the account of it. Mr. Bullock was there when it was weighed; Freshingfield went to the warehouse as well as myself; I did not weigh the grease on the 15th. The pan is a large surface, and it would be difficult, without trying, to know what quantity was in it. The stuff put in on the 14th was kitchen stuff - about the same sort as that put in on the 15th- I did not look into the cask when the prisoners were gone into the public house - it laid on its side in the cart, with its mouth towards the tail.
COURT. Q. You say you weighed it on the 14th? A Yes; and I saw it on the 15th - if there had been 2 cwt. gone, I should have missed it; I looked into the pan, and>it appeared all right; after I left the melting house, I gave the keys to my master.


                  REDIT 
                  FRESHINGFIELD
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor; I was present when the prisoner brought this cask to be weighed, in Kingsgate-street; I saw it loaded, and was in the shop when Restall came and gave information - we all three went and weighed the grease in the melting-pan - there was 2cwt. short of what there should have been; there was only 4cwt. 26lbs.; I had been there on the night of the 14th, when it was weighed - and we put upwards of 2cwt. into the pan, and 4cwt. and upwards was sent on the morning of the 15th; I saw the quantity on the morning of the 15th, before the cask was sent from the house.
WILLIAM BAYLIS' Defence. There was an opportunity for Restall to look into the cart, and it was his own offer to go and fetch the corn - he went and got some cat's-meat; a great part of the grease was emptied before he went away - when he returned he said nothing to us - we went and had some refreshment - he went home to his master's, as I suppose, after he had been with his father.
GEORGE RESTALL. They asked me to get some dog's-meat - and I said, "I might as well get some for the cat;" I was not absent more than five minutes - I went for the meat while they were measuring the corn.
JURY. Q. Was there a tail-board to the cart? A. Yes; it was as high as the sides - I could not look over it without raising myself up.
RAYLIS - 

               GUILTY
            .
LODGE - 

               GUILTY
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
