





978. 
               
                  SOLOMON 
                  GIBBS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of February
, 31/2 bushels of wheat, value 28s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry James 
                  Stevens
               



            .

SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Austin
               



            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
JOHN AUSTIN. I am a miller
, and live at Hillingdon


. On the 5th of February, in the morning, I examined my premises, and found a hole made through the boards of my warehouse, which was bricked inside - it was on the side next the canal, and about a foot wide - some corn was stacked against where the hole was made; three sacks had been cut, and about three bushels and a half taken out. I did not examine the sacks till about the 14th of March - it was Dantzic wheat, which I had received from Mr. Stevens, to be ground at my mill - it had been there five or six weeks, and was safe before the 5th of February.
COURT. Q. Did you find near the hole any marks of wheat on the ground? A. Yes, and I traced it for nearly a quarter of a mile - it appeared as if there had been a hole in the bag; and every time the person carrying it moved, it had fallen; it went along by the side of the canal up to Long-bridge, in the way towards the prisoner's house. It was evident on the 5th of February that grain had been taken from the sacks, but I did not ascertain how much till the 14th of March. I sent a sample of the grain to an adjoining mill - Jennings was aware of my loss; he called on me, and brought a sample of corn, which we compared with that in the sacks. I have no doubt of their corresponding - I produce a sample of each.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. How far from your place does the prisoner live? A. About two miles and a half - Jennings lives about a mile from him, and two miles from me; the prisoner said he received it from one Carter - we got a warrant out, but he has not been taken - he has a son; there is a great deal of Dantzic wheat imported. Carter lives about two hundred yards from my warehouse.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did the tracing extend in a direction to Carter's house? A. Yes; to Carter's house, and past it - he lives nearer to me than the prisoner - he has absconded. I have no doubt but two persons carried the sack - I went to the prisoner's with a search-warrant, but found nothing. I went a second time, but the next morning the prisoner surrendered himself to the constable, and came to my house; he then said Carter was the person who had the corn, and he had it to get ground for him. I said, "Where is it?" he said at Jennings' - I said it was strange he should take it to Jennings' mill, two miles off, when mine was close by; he said he could not tell much about it - we asked the prisoner what corn he had in his house; he said Carter had brought no more than the bushel which had been taken to Jennings'. I asked if he had any more in his house, he said that was the whole.
Q. In consequence of further information, did you search the prisoner's house a second time? A. Yes, on Friday, the 16th, and I found buried in his orchard, in a bag, one bushel and one peck of corn - there was a small hole in the bag - he was then in custody - we saw the prisoner at the Magistrates' a few hours after, and he seemed to say that very likely Carter might put that there - I am sure, that when he surrendered, he said Carter only brought a bushel - the orchard is thirty or forty yards from his house.


                  DANIEL 
                  STACEY
               



            . I am servant to Jennings. I know the prisoner - his son came to my master's on the 13th of March, and brought one bushel of Dantzic wheat to be ground - it was not ground, but is here now.


                  ROBERT 
                  JENNINGS
               



            . I am a miller. Stacey; (my servant,) showed me a bushel of Dantzic wheat, which came to be ground, and in consequence of information I examined it. I took a sample of it to Mr. Stevens, and in consequence of what I heard there, I went to Mr. Austin's warehouse, and compared this sample with the very sacks which were cut; it corresponded exactly. I sealed up the bushel; it is that now produced - here is a sample from the sacks and the bushel; and here is one of the sacks which is cut.
COURT. Q. You have been acquainted with grain all your life, perhaps? A. Yes; I have no doubt whatever they are all the same wheat.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Is not Dantzic wheat much of the same quality? A. No, there is a great deal of difference in it - it is smaller than English, but there is a difference besides - here is a wild tare in the bulk and in the sample, we call it cockel - it will show exactly the same.
COURT. Q. Then not only are there the same sort of tares in it, but is it in the same proportion? A. Yes, there is no doubt of their being from one bulk.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REID
               



            . I am a constable, and live at Hillingdon. I went to the prisoner's house on the 16th of March, and was present at his examination before the Justice; nothing he said was taken down; he was asked if the bushel taken to Jenning's, was all he had - he said that when Carter came to grind some tools in the morning, he(Carter) brought the bushel of wheat. On the 16th I went to the prisoner's premises, found his wife, and said I was come to search; she said I was welcome; when we were in the orchard Mr. Austin said, "Look here, Read"- and we found about five pecks of wheat buried there in a bag, which I produce - he had another examination afterwards; I asked him who brought that wheat; he said Carter, and that he had divided the bushel from the big bag, and put it into the small one - he is a master carpenter, and lives at Iver; I searched for Carter, but cannot find him.
Cross-examined. Q. Has that bag been washed since? A. No; I mended this hole; I could not get into Carter's house; it was locked up - I got into the privy, and found some corn; I have not brought it here; it was down on the soil - I do not know Dantzic wheat; there might be half a peck that I saw; there might be more lower down.
JURY. Q. What will the bag, found in the orchard, contain? A. I should think it would hold three bushels more.
MR. AUSTIN. I saw the wheat in Carter's privy, and have no doubt but it was Dantzic; I lost about three bushels and a half, as near as can be; Carter's house lays a little out of the road - I traced it perhaps the eighth of a mile beyond his house.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. If a man was carrying it, and threw it up to relieve himself, a little would come out? A. Yes; I think two men must have carried it, unless one man went twice.
Prisoner's Defence. Philip Carter brought this to me to get ground for him - he worked for me some years, and I allowed my boy to take it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CARTER
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  Philip 
                  Carter
               



            ; he took some wheat to Gibbs, in a bag of this description, oneSaturday morning, he took it from our house - Gibbs was taken on the Thursday - I was with my father when he took it to him to be ground; we left it there - I saw nothing of it afterwards.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How much wheat was there? A. There might be a bushel and a half, perhaps a little more; my father called out, Gibbs was not up, he came down and said, "I thought you were to bring it last night," my father said, "I thought it would be better in the morning," Gibbs said, "I don't know but it was" - I then went and turned the stone to grind my father's tools - my father left his house on the Wednesday night - I have not seen or heard of him since.
COURT. Q. On what day did he take the wheat to Gibbs? A. On a Saturday, I think it was in March, but am not certain - I do not work with my father - I was subpoeaaed here.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 41.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
