





320. 
               
                  
                     AARON 
                     SIMMONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of January
, 12lbs. of loaf-sugar, value 11s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Colebeck
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  KIRK
               



            . On the 6th of January, about six o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner and another person walking along Fenchurch-street; a boy was dragging a truck with a large basket in it - I saw the prisoner cross to the truck and take out a square paper parcel; he crossed to the opposite side of the way, and delivered it to his companion, who went over to him - he crossed to the truck a second time; but the boy saw him, and he went away - the boy called Stop thief! I followed him, and never lost sight of him till the officer took him - I am certain he is the person that took the parcel - his companion got away with it.


                  CHARLES 
                  JARVIS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  George 
                  Colebeck
               



            ; he lives at Hatton-wall, and is a grocer
; the boy was sent out with tea and sugar in a basket, on the 6th of January; I packed the sugar in square parcels - he had to go to Lower Shadwell; there were 12lbs. of loaf-sugar in one parcel.


                  JOHN 
                  MUNDER
               



            . I am in Mr. Colebeck's employ, and had these goods in a truck - I turned my head, and saw the prisoner coming towards the truck - he crossed the road, and I missed a parcel which I had to take to Shadwell - I called Stop thief! and the prisoner was stopped before he got out of my sight.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say you never saw me? A. No: I saw him run from the truck.


                  EDWARD 
                  CROSS
               



            . I am a cooper. The prisoner passed me in Fenchurch-street much out of breath; he was running from the cry of Stop thief! and was stopped within three yards of me.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  FIGGINS
               



            . On the 6th of January I heard a cry of Stop thief! and ran into Fenchurch-street; I met the prisoner, and stopped him - I took him back, about fifty yards, and met Munder, who said he had robbed him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was running, it being cold; I heard the cry of Stop thief! and the officer caught me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
