





SIXTH DAY, TUESDAY, APRIL 13.
Middlesex Cases, Second Jury. Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
708. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DENTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of March
, a bell, value 10 l.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Gladwin
                  




               
            .
MR. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GLADWIN
               



            . I live at Southgate


. On the 22d of March, I had an alarm-bell on my premises; it weighed nearly 2 cwt.; it is made of bell-metal. I missed it in the morning; it was safe the day before; the premises were locked up. I traced the marks of a wheel, about six o'clock in the morning from the premises to his own gate, and in his house I found it; it is worth about 12 l.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Have you any mark on it - A. Yes.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FITCH
               



            . I am an officer, stationed at Southgate. On Tuesday night, between twelve and one o'clock, I saw the prisoner wheeling an empty barrow, about one hundred yards from his own house; he said,
"Good morning Mr. Fitch;" he left the barrow about twenty yards from his house. Next morning I accompanied the prosecutor to where the barrow was, and found a mark in it, which the mouth of the bell, being heavy, had made. I found the bell at his house, covered with sacks. I knew him before.


                  DAVID 
                  PIKESLEY
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner on the 22d of March, at Bows-farm, he asked what he had done; I said it was about the bell, stolen from Mr. Gladwin, and which had been found on his premises; he said he left the Cherry-tree public-house, about eleven o'clock, and found the bell in the street, and if he found any thing he thought he had a right to it. The Cherry-tree is about a mile from Southgate.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I did not say that I found it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
