





721. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     EASTMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of May
, one watch, value 30 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Hallersley
                  




               
            .



                  WILLIAM 
                  HALLERSLEY
               



            . I live in Medway-street, Horseferry-road


. On the 14th of May I lost this watch from over the fire-place; I was not at home, but my wife sent for me about four o'clock, and I missed it; the prisoner lived in the house with his father and mother, for about three-quarters of a year - he never came home after. He was apprehended on the Thursday following.


                  CHARLES 
                  VAUGHAN
               



            . I live in St. Martin's-lane, with Mr. Dry. On the 15th of May, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I took a watch in pledge of the prisoner, in the name of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Clayton
               



            , No. 5, Cecil-court. I am confident he is the person.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 16th of May, about two o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to me in the Strand, and said he had been robbed of 15 s. at a brothel in Swan-yard - he described the girls to me. I went with him to the house; I afterwards searched him, but found nothing on him. I searched a boy named Green, who was in his company, and found the duplicate of this watch on him. He said, in the prisoner's hearing, that the prisoner pawned the watch at Dry's, and gave him the duplicate - the prisoner denied it. I was taking him home, by the Magistrate's orders, but he took me to different places; at last he told me Green stole the watch, at Covent Garden, and gave it to him to pawn; he took me to the pawnbroker's. I went to the watch-maker, and found the prosecutor out.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            ,
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Bayley.
