






823. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RICHARDSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GROVE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of May
, 300 lbs. of lead, value 3 l., the goods of the Reverend


                           Arthur Robinson 
                           Chauvel
                        



                     
                  , clerk, and fixed to a certain building
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to Sir 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Plumer
                  



               
            , Knt.
, and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Rodbard
                  



               
            .
THIRD COUNT, stating it to belong to the 
               
parishioners of Little Stanmore



            .
MR. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLME
               



            . I am clerk of Stanmore


. I saw all the lead safe on the roof of the church a few days before the 9th of May.


                  HENRY 
                  BARTON
               



            . I live at Edgeware. On the 8th of May, about a quarter past six o'clock in the evening, I met Grove in a bye lane, about three quarters of a mile from the church, going towards it, and next morning I heard the church was robbed.


                  CHARLES 
                  FRENCH
               



            . On the 9th of May, about nine o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner in a cart, in Honeypot-lane, about a mile and a half from Stanmore church - it is a common thoroughfare, but a shocking road to travel on. I looked into the cart and saw that they had nothing, and was determined to watch them - they saw me and went up the lane as hard as they could, and I after them; the sound of the cart ceased. I came up and saw them start from a dung hill in three minutes. I saw a very heavy impression on the dung hill, as if they had taken something from it, and followed them into Edgeware, and gave information. I pursued them towards town, and stopped them on Silk-hill, and found the lead in the cart. There were marks of the wheels having backed to the dung-hill. I saw the lead compared with the roof of the church; it matched exactly.


                  ANDREW 
                  CARNEY
               



            . I am a horse patrol. I and French secured the prisoners on the 9th of May, at ten o'clock in the morning. Richardson said he found the lead on the dung heap.


                  JOHN 
                  BODEMEAD
               



            . I am a plumber, and repaired the roof of the church. I saw the lead compared, and have no doubt of it belonging to the roof.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TUTON
               



            . I know that Sir 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Plumer
               



             and John Rodbard, are churchwardens of the parish, and the Rev. A. R. Chauvel, rector.
RICHARDSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
GROVE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
