





904. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  ROSE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of February
, 5 silver tea-spoons, value 3l.; 3 table-cloths, value 10s.; 3 pairs of trousers, value 20s.; 6 sheets, value 20s.; 1 fish-slice, value 10s.; and 2 shirts, value 10s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  Alexander 
                  Anderson
               




            , her master.
ALEXANDER ANDERSON. I now live in Union-street; I did live in Bond-street, and the prisoner was my servant
 for seven years - and since the death of my wife, (in May last,) she had the whole management of my house; I missed some property the begining of March - I could not get spoons, or sheets, or anything to use - they were all gone; some of my articles have been found in pawn, but not one quarter of them; I missed six or eight spoons, and other things - I never permitted her to take anything.


                  CHRISTOPHER 
                  GREAVES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Bulstrode-street - I have two table-cloths, a fish-slice, a table-spoon, six sheets, a pair of trousers, two shirts, a waistcoat, and a quilt, which Mr. Anderson cannot swear to - some of them were pawned by the prisoner. but I cannot say that all were; I swear she pawned this waistcoat - I remember it perfectly well - they are all pawned in the name of Rose, some as Margaret Rose, and some as Ann Rose.


                  HERBERT 
                  JOHN CLARK
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a table-cloth and salt-spoon; I cannot say who they were pawned by - they are both in the name of Ann Rose.



                  WILLIAM 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two pairs of trousers and two table-spoons, pawned by the prisoner.


                  ROBERT 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am watch-house-keeper - the prisoner was charged by her master with an assault on Saturday, the 1st of March, and on the next day a person came and represented himself as her brother - he spoke to her, and she gave him these duplicates - I would not allow him to bring them away but took them from him and the prisoner was taken before the Magistrate.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that she had pledged the property by the prosecutor's desire, in order to procure articles for the house; that she could not get her wages, and the prosecutor beat her unmercifully on her asking for them.
MR. ANDERSON. She got drunk on the Saturday night. I had two ladies at my house, she quarrelled with them and struck them - I said, if she did not be quiet I should give charge of her. I then examined the house and missed the property; she had no authority to pawn any of the things; I did not owe her a farthing for wages - she was paid beforehand; I have reason to believe her father pawned some of them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
