





861. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     JAMES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of May
, 100 lanthorn horns, value 19 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dickenson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Arnott
                  



               
            .
MR. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  LAURIE
               



            . I am a tinman and brazier, at Wapping. On the 11th of May, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came and offered me 100 lanthorn horns for sale, he asked 12 s. I asked if that was the lowest - he said he did not wish to be hard, and would take 11 s. I asked where he lived, and his business - he said he made them himself. I thought the price was lower than it ought to be. He gave me the name of
"
               
                  Thomas 
                  Jennings
               



            , No. 24, Drury-lane," and said he worked in the cellar as an horner, that he had some more at home, and would bring them. I suspected he was not acquainted with the business. He said he should be that way again in a few days - I paid him 11 s. and we parted. I knew the hand-writing on the paper which enclosed the goods, having dealt with the prosecutors. After receiving a second parcel of goods from him I went and informed the prosecutors.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am a Thames Police surveyor. Beechey gave the prisoner into my custody on the 30th of May. I asked where he got the horns which he sold Laurie, he said he had them from John, at Dickenson and Arnot's warehouse. I asked how he came to go to their premises, after being ordered by Mr. Dickenson not to go - he said he should not have gone if John had not called to him - that John called him out of Allhallow's-lane, and he waited in the warehouse while John went and got the horns. I then asked how he came to give Mr. 
               Laurie
             a false address, he said he was not going to be such a fool as to give his own address. I asked what he gave John for the horns, he said 2 s. 6 d. and afterwards said 7 s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DICKENSON
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Arnott
               



            . I forbid the prisoner coming to the warehouse about two months ago - he had been occasionally employed there; the paper containing the horns has my writing on it, and came from our warehouse. John, my porter, had access to them, he has absconded.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 55.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
