





1167. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PORTER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of August
, a till, value 1 s.; thirty pennypieces, and sixty halfpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Wiltshire
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  WILTSHIRE
               



            . I keep the White Horse, public-house, Mile End




. On the 19th of August, about eleven o'clock, I went out, returned in an hour, and the till and money were gone; 5 s. or 6 s. worth of copper were in it.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MANNING
               



            . I live opposite to the prosecutor's. On the 19th of August, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I saw the prisoner come out with a box under his arm. He was a neighbour, and I thought nothing of it. On the Friday following I heard Wiltshire had been robbed. There were three of them came out, but the prisoner was the one who had the box. (Looks at the till); it was a box like that.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I am a constable. On the 24th of August, in consequence of information, I took the prisoner, and told him it was for robbing Mr. Wiltshire of his till - he denied it; I found nothing on him. I apprehended him at his father's house; he was denied to me, but I heard the yard door go down - I went backwards, and found him in the privy. The till was brought to Wiltshire, about half an hour after.


                  THOMAS 
                  COOPER
               



            . I accompanied Gibbs - his statement is correct.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WILTSHIRE
               



            . The till is mine. A young woman brought it to me.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it. The witnesses have said that right or wrong I shall leave the country.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
