





40. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TATTERSHALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of October
, four reams of paper, called middle yellow post, value 2 l. 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Barber
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Smith
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT stating it to belong to 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wright
                  



               
            .
MR. LAW conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am agent to H. Cooper and Co. paper-makers, Dover. I live in Broadway, Blackfriars. On the 24th of October, I received thirty reams of middle yellow post from them, numbered from 128 to 157. I wrote an order to Chester-quay, for four reams to be delivered to Wright, with other paper; it was all deposited at Barker and Smith's warehouse, at the quay; there were four reams in a bundle - I have since seen twenty-five of them at Wright's.


                  JOHN 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I am in the service of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Barber
               



             and 
               
                  Robert 
                  Smith
               



            , at Chester-quay. On the 25th of October, at six o'clock in the evening, I loaded nineteen bundles and three single reams into Virgin's cart; he is Mr. Wright's carman. Mr. Barnes had ordered it all away.
Cross-examined. Q. Can you swear you saw it all at the warehouse on the 25th - A. Yes, at six o'clock; the outside was marked No. 1.


                  JOHN 
                  VIRGIN
               



            . I drive Mr. Wright's cart - he is a stationer
, and lives on College-hill. On Saturday evening, 25th October, I went to Chester quay, Billingsgate, with an order, and received a load of paper, and drove up Thames-street, Gracechurch-street, Cannon-street, to Mr. Wright's, and took it out without counting it. I cannot say whether any was missing.
Cross-examined. Q. At what time did you set off from the quay - A. About six o'clock, and got to my master's about seven - the road was stopped. I do not know what sort of paper it was.


                  DANIEL 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am a constable. On the 25th of October, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was in Bishopsgate-street, and observed a hackney chariot, it turned up Devonshire-street, into Devonshire-square, and drove to the archway, leading to Cutler-street and Still-alley, and stopped there - the first man who got out of the chariot looked at me, and ran away. I put my hand into the chariot, felt something in the bottom, and saw another person sitting in the chariot - got in, and seized him; it was the prisoner. I found these four reams of paper in the chariot, and ordered the coachman to drive to the Mansion House. The prisoner resisted, which made us get out of the chariot, but I got him in again - he said he knew nothing of it.
Cross-examined. Q. What made you suspect anything wrong - A. It leads to a bad neighbourhood, and there was nobody on the coach-box, except the driver - the prisoner resisted, and I tied his hands together. I am sure he did not come from the coach-box, and then into the coach.
MR. BARNES. This is the paper, and has the Excise mark, No. 132. 157. 158. and 156.
Prisoner's Defence. I hired this coach - a man was riding on the box, who ran away. I did not know the paper was in the coach.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
