





914. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GIBSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of April
, a purse, value 1 s.; one sovereign; one half-crown, and five shillings, the property of 
                     

                                    Walter Henry 
                                    Head
                                 



                              
                           , from the person of Ann
                     



, his wife
.


                  ANN 
                  HEAD
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Walter 
                  Henry Head
               



            , who is a tailor
; we live in Craven Buildings, Drury-lane. On the 26th of April, I was in a sale-room, in King-street, Covent-garden


, I had a purse containing this money - I saw the prisoner in the room - I felt something touch my side; I turned round and saw him close by me; I instantly put my hand to my pocket, and found my purse was gone; I turned round to see if the man who had been behind me was there, but he was gone - I am positive as to the person of the prisoner; he was dressed much as he is now. I believe I mentioned in the room that I had been robbed - I went out, and saw him near the door - I called before I got to the door to a person coming in, and said Stop thief! he was not stopped till he had run across King-street; I went out after him - he was out of my sight for a moment in the passage, but not in the street; I am sure he is the same person - he had got about half way up the street towards the market; he was searched, and my purse found on him - I did not see it taken from him, as a crowd collected, and I cannot swear to the quantity of money that was in it when I lost it, but it must have been within a shilling or two of what there was when I went into the sale-room - there was one sovereign - I can't swear to the silver.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. You were in this room, which was very much crowded - A. No; it was not crowded on the side where I was - nobody was near me but the prisoner; he had a blue frock coat and a black waistcoat on; when I felt in my pocket, he went towards the door - I called out
"I have been robbed!" nobody went out after him before I did - the room is on the ground-floor - I could not run so fast as he did - Norris and another man brought him back.
Q. Have you not told Norris that you were not certain as to the man - A. No; I have had no talk with Norris about it.
Q. Did not Norris tell you at Hick's Hall to mind what you were about, and if he got off he would be sure to murder you - A. No.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUTCHINSON
               



            . I live in Queen-street, Blackfriars'-road. I was going in at the door of the sale-room: the prisoner was coming out, and brushed against me; the prosecutrix said
"that is the man who has stolen my purse" - I am quite sure he is the man who passed me; I turned round and called Stop thief! and ran after him - I did not lose sight of him till he was stopped in the middle of the street, about one hundred yards from the saleroom; the officer put his hand into his pocket, and I saw the purse fall from his trowsers on his right side; it was claimed by Mrs. Head - it had a sovereign, half-a-crown, and five shillings in it - he said he picked it up off the floor at Mrs. Head's feet.


                  THOMAS 
                  COTTAM
               



            . I live in St. Martin's-street. I was at the sale room, and saw the prisoner there - I was looking at some linen, and he pushed against me, and pressed me against the counter - he came and stood against the right shoulder of Mrs. Head. In about five minutes my attention was drawn that way, and I saw him take his hand from under Mrs. Head's shawl, with a purse in it; I did not speak, because I did not know but it might be his own property - I did not suppose he had taken it from her. In about a minute she turned her head, and said,
"My purse is gone;" in consequence of which I turned, and looked for the gentleman with the purse, but he was gone. I left the sale room soon after, and did not see him again till I saw him at Bow-street. I am certain he is the person.
Cross-examined. Q. How many persons were there in the room - A. There might be a hundred; the prisoner was in the lower part of the room; there might be a dozen persons near Mrs. Head.


                  JOHN 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I pursued the prisoner, and he was taken by some other person. I was then about ten yards from him - Mrs. Head came up and said she had lost her purse. I put my hand into his pocket, and found the pocket separated from the trowsers, and this purse dropped from him.
(Purse produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Mrs. Head said I had a blue coat on - it was a brown one.


                  JOHN 
                  NORRIS
               



            . It was a frock coat, very fashionably made.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
