





790. 
               
                  ELIZABETH WOOD 
                  LLOYD
               




             was indicted for 


               bigamy
            .

MESSRS. ANDREWS and BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GEORGE PARR
               



            . I am clerk at St. Mary-le-bone, and registrar of marriages there. I have the register of the marriage of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Lloyd
               



            , bachelor, and 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Wood Ducket
               



            , spinster, at that church, by banns, on the 2d of May 1814, by the Rev. H. Chapman, curate -(read.)


                  ROBERT 
                  BLACKMORE
               



            . I am an attorney, and am acquainted with the hand-writing of the prisoner. I have seen her write three times, and have numbers of her letters in my possession; the first time I saw her write was in December last - I have a sufficient knowledge of her writing to swear to it. I believe the signature "M. A. Ducket" to this register, to be her writing.
Cross-examined by Mr. LAW. Q. Are you not engaged as the solicitor in this prosecution? A. Yes; I never saw her writing till December last.
Q. Do you believe the other name "Thomas Lloyd" to be her hand-writing? A. No - there is certainly a great similarity; the a is turned over in the same way, but there is a difference. The only time I ever saw her write was when she came to agree upon the terms of separation from Mr. Truss - I saw her sign the deed, but I have letters which came from her.


                  DAVID 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I was a painter. I remember the prisoner and Thomas Lloyd, but I did not know him before he was married; I was at the Yorkshire Stingo tea-gardens about 1812, and saw the prisoner, whom I knew as Ducket's daughter, as I had lived opposite to her - she spoke to me, and asked how I did, and said she was married; I asked to whom - she said to Lloyd, the baker - I think she said that day, but I cannot be positive; while I was talking I heard somebody say, "Mr. Lloyd, there is Mr. Jackson joking with your wife - will you stand that?" I turned round, and saw three bakers standing together, but I did not know Lloyd; he was pointed out to me afterwards. Lloyd is now in Court (pointing him out). I do not know where they lived afterwards, nor do I know that ever I saw them walking together. I cannot say whether this is the man I saw at the gardens.
Cross-examined. Q. You say you have seen that man since? A. Yes - but I do not think I ever spoke to him.


                  JOHN 
                  YATES
               



            . I am a cooper, and live in Wade-street, Poplar. I know the prisoner - she took an apartment of me about October, 1822, by the name of Bligh; there was a seaman with her, of the name of 
               
                  George 
                  Bligh
               



            ; they lodged with me about a week. They both came again the following year, after he had made a voyage to the East Indies - they then staid a fortnight or three weeks. She came there again the following year, and went by the name of Bligh. I have seen her write frequently, and know well the character of her hand-writing. I think her present writing is much better than that in this register, but as far as I can judge, I think this is her writing - I believe this letter to be her writing (looking at one); I believe Bligh was mate of a ship - I was given to understand that after he went to sea, the first time, she was a companion to a lady of the name of Truss, in Claremont-place; she said that she was companion to her, on account of her being deranged.
Cross-examined. Q. Upon your oath is there not a considerable difference between the hand-writing you have sworn to, and the hand-writing in this book? A. I think her hand considerably improved, but I still think it is her hand-writing. I did not know any thing of her writing till 1822. I do not know whether she did live with a lady of the name of Truss or not; she went by the name of Bligh only when I saw her write.
Mr. BRODRICK. Q. Did she say she was going back to this woman? A. Yes.
Mrs. YATES. I am the wife of John Yates. I have seen the prisoner write; I think the signature in the register is her writing. I believe this letter to be her writing; I have seen Bligh - he appeared to be a respectable man - he was mate of an Indiaman.
Cross-examined. Q. Is not her writing a much better hand than that? A. Yes, it is now; the name I saw her write was Bligh - there is no similarity in the names. I had no knowledge of her writing in 1814. I think this name "Thomas Lloyd" is her writing.
COURT. Q. Does she write a better hand now than she did at the date of these letters? A. Yes, I think she does - her present hand-writing is much better than this in the book.


                  THOMAS 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a baker, and live in Weston-street, Southwark. I have known the prisoner fifteen years - I knew her by the name of Ducket - I lodged in her mother's house - they lived in John-street, Mary-le-bone; I remember Thomas Lloyd coming to court her - he stood godfather to a child of mine; I believe they were married in May, it was at the time of Yorkshire Stingo fair - after that day she went by the name of Lloyd - they lived together as man and wife, and many a time I have heard her come and ask for her husband - I saw them together a good while; they lodged together as man and wife in the father's house - the last time I saw them together was about two years after they had lived together at a house in Rathbone-place - the prisoner was sitting on the knee of a sailor of the name of Bligh, who had come from sea with her brother - we drank together, and called for half a pint of gin; Lloyd then said, in her presence, "If you like the sailor better than me, you had better go with him;" the sailor then threw 5s. on the table, and he and the prisoner went off together, and left me and Lloyd to drink the gin.
Cross-examined. Q. There was 5s. thrown down by the sailor, a fellow of the name of Lloyd took up the money, and the sailor took the lady? A. Yes, the landlord took the money - I think that is ten years ago.


                  ROBERT 
                  DAVIES
               



            . I am a sawyer. I knew the prisoner's father - his name was 
               
                  George 
                  Ducket
               



             - I worked for him - this signature in the register is his hand-writing - he has been dead about twelve years.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you live in his house? A. Yes; I was apprenticed to him; I did not see him when dead.
COURT. Q. How long is it since you last saw him? A. Above twelve years; I heard by his wife that he was dead - I have lived in the neighbourhood since.
Mr. ANDREWS. Q. How near did you live to George Ducket? A. In Stevens'-buildings, just by - I have lived just about there ever since - I have never seen him since I heard he was dead - I was quite a different way at the time; I had worked with him three or four years before his death; I have not the least doubt of this being George Ducket's hand writing.



                  MARY 
                  ANN PEARSON
               



            . I live in North-place, Back-road, Islington. I once lived in the prisoner's father's house; I recollect her by the name of Ducket, and Lloyd courting her; I recollect their going out one day and coming back again, after which she went by the name of Mrs. Lloyd; I had before heard her say she was going to be married; they lived together as man and wife in her father's house; I lived in the house for three or four months - I have heard her mention Lloyd as her husband; about three or four years ago she called at my house, very handsomely dressed, and said she had married a gentleman named Truss - this is Lloyd, (pointing him out.)


                  WILLIAM HENRY 
                  TRUSS
               



            . I hold a situation in the India House; I married the prisoner at St. Pancras Old Church, on the 28th of March, 1822
, by the name of Betty Wood Louther Bligh; she called herself the widow of a Captain Bligh; I first became acquainted with her in 1820, and parted from her in December last; I cannot say at what time I determined to separate from her - I agreed to allow her one hundred and twenty pounds a year.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you ever paid her one shilling? A. No; we lived together for two years before we were married, and after we were married, for four years; we lived very comfortably for the two years, but not so afterwards; our acquaintance first commenced in the street - we first lived in Chalton-street, and afterwards at the Polygon in Somers-Town; I did not know but that she was the window of Captain Bligh - I did not know a person of the name of Bligh; I have not taken any proceedings in Doctor's Commons; my object in bringing forward this prosecution is not merely to get rid of the marriage.
Re-examined. Q. When was the settlement made? A. In the latter end of last year - I had not, till after the deed was executed, the slightest reason to believe that she had deceived me - she conducted herself properly before our marriage, and it was her solicitation that induced me to marry her; she represented herself as the daughter of Mr. Graham, brother of Sir J. Graham, who was first cousin to the Lonsdale family - she mentioned Lady Styles and Mr. Bosanquet as relations on her mother's side - she spoke of a rich aunt of the name of Hearn, but did not say what her expectations were - it was not my proposal, but her urgent request that I should marry her; she frequently went away from me on visits - the trustee for her, under the settlement, was Captain Atkinson, the commander of the schooner St. Helena - he frequently visited at our house after the marriage.


                  ROBERT 
                  BLACKMORE
               



            . I produce an extract of the marriage register of St. Pancras; I examined it with the original - (read.)
"William Henry Truss, of this parish, batchelor, and Betty Wood Louther Bligh, of this parish, widow, were married in this Church by license, this 28th of May, 1822, by me, Wm. Tullfield, in the presence of Octavius Young Thistleton and G. Hamp."


                  JOHN 
                  AQUILA BROWN
               



            . I live in Bouverie-street, and am a silversmith. I am brother-in-law to Mr. Truss; I knew the prisoner about ten days after her marriage with him - she represented herself as the widow of Captain Bligh, and neice of Lady Stiles and Mr. Bosanquet; I went down to Bognor with the officer last Saturday four weeks, and found her in bed with Captain Atkinson - the officer drew back the curtain and saw them; I accompanied them to town - she was very free in talking - there was no threat or promise held out to her; she said she was married to Lloyd, and she would not deny it, but she had been sold by him to a sailor of the name of Bligh, for 5s. and a bottle of wine.
A letter was here read from the prisoner, directed to Thomas Lloyd, Pershore, Worcestershire Signed, Elizabeth Lloyd, dated Feb. 14, 1816. Also the address and signature of a letter read, dated Broadstairs, July 19, 1822, addressed to W. H. Truss, Esq., East India-house, London, Signed, E. W. Truss. The contents of these letters (which are those proved to be the prisoner's hand-writing) did not relate to any matters connected with this case, but were only produced to prove the prisoner had avowed herself by the names signed to them.
JURY to 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  DAVIES
               



            . Q. Did you say it was more than twelve years since you heard of the death of her father? A. No; I dare say it is between eleven and twelve years since I heard of it from Mrs. Ducket - she did not say how long he had been dead.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
