





1457. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  FOX
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of July
, 1 purse, value 1d., 1 crown-piece, 3 half-crowns, and 2 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Bedford
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .


                  SARAH 
                  BEDFORD
               



            . I am single
, and live in York-gardens, Westminster; my father is a chemist. I was coming to town on the Fulham stage


, on the 12th of July; my brother was sitting by my side - I had a purse in my right-hand pocket, containing this money; I did not feel any thing done, but my brother saw the prisoner get behind the stage, and when he got down again, he asked me if I had lost any thing; I put my hand to my side - I found a hole in my petticoat, and my purse was gone; my brother got down, and took the prisoner - I had not seen him behind the coach.


                  JOHN 
                  BEDFORD
               



            . My father works at a chemist's. I was on the Fulham stage, and saw the prisoner get up and hand behind the coach at Hyde-park-corner; he came on for some distance, then got down, and went to another young man - I spoke to my sister, then got down, and secured the prisoner; he threw the purse over the rails at Lord Coventry's - we took him to the watch-house, and then I came back, and saw the purse where I had seen him throw it.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me move my hands at all? A. No, I did not; a person came to you, and you got down, crossed towards Lord Coventry's rails, and threw it over the rails - I do not know what pocket you took it from.



                  LEWIS 
                  JUNIOR
               



            . This boy was brought to the watch-house; I went with the witness, and found this purse at Lord Coventry's.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to see my uncle; I was tired, and got behind the coach - I got down again, and crossed the road; this young man came, and accused me of cutting his sisters pocket; I said I had not, and I would go to the coach; a young man came running up, and said it was me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
