





1722. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WHITE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of August
, a boat, called a wherry, value 5 l., and a pair of sculls, value 6 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Burnham
               




            .
JOSEPH BURNHAM. I live on Lambeth-hill, Thames-street. On the 1st of August I bought a wherry and pair of sculls for 6 l. 10 s.; I saw it on the 4th about eleven o'clock in the morning, at Queenhithe-stairs


, hooked to one of the piles - it could not have drifted; about five in the evening she was gone; I had lent her to Jeffs, a waterman, (who is not here) for a few days, on Wednesday, the 3d of August, but he returned her, and never had her away from the stairs. I know the prisoner - he gets his living on the barges
; Clark, who is indicted with him, also gets his living on board the barges; I found my wherry on the 5th, at the Great Junction-wharf, near Blackfriars-bridge, pulled up on some timber - she had not been injured much; I never lent her to White of Clark.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not let it to Clark at 2 s. 6 d. a day? A. I neither let, nor lent it to him.
Q. Were you not drinking with me on the 3d of August? A. He might be in the same house, but was not in my company.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS MAXWELL
               



            . I am a lighterman. On the 4th of August, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I went to Lambeth, and found White and Clark in company with a barge-builder, at the Duke's Head public-house; I asked the barge-builder if he had any barges to sell suitable for the Regent's Canal; White said, "I have a Bristol boat to sell;" Clark heard this. I asked at what time he would have her in town - he said in the course of a week; I asked where she was; he said, at Bristol, and he was going to fetch her to London directly. Clark then said, "We have got a little boat to sell now," and that it was at the boat-builder's. White heard this - Clark went and fetched her to Mr. Curtain's, the boat-builders, at Lambeth, for me to see - they both went into the boat with me to shew it to me, and agree about the price. They asked 6 l. for it - one interfered as much as the other. I said I would give them four guineas, and did not care about having it. Clark agreed to take it, but White objected, and said she ought to be 6 l. - he at last agreed to take four guineas. I gave them 2 s. 6 d. earnest - they both rowed me down to Whitefriars - I hauled the boat upon some timber at the Grand Junction-wharf. I went ashore with them, and paid them 4 l. 1 s. 6 d. - they said they could not write, and a person at the public-house, a friend of mine, wrote the receipt - Clark put his mark to it - White said there was plenty of witnesses without putting his name to it; I paid the money into White's hands; I went to Woolwich, and afterwards found the prosecutor, who claimed it. (Receipt read.)
Prisoner. Q. Did I go to fetch the boat for you? A. Clark fetched it to Curtain's - White received the money, and I saw him give Clark two sovereigns.
JOSEPH BURNHAM. The boat Maxwell shewed me is the one which was stolen from me.


                  JOHN 
                  BURNHAM
               



            . I am the son of Joseph Burnham. I saw the boat when it was found, and am sure it is my father's. I saw Clark and White jump into it on the 4th of August, between three and four o'clock - I think it was then fastened to a pile; I saw them untie her; they rowed away up the river; I knew Clark before; I went and told my father of it directly. Clark has absconded - he used to ply about the river.


                  FRANCIS 
                  HOLYLAND
               



            . I am a constable, and live at Reading. A warrant was sent down to me, and I apprehended White on the River, at Reading. Clark used to work about the river, but I have not seen him since, I told White I took him for stealing a wherry from Queenhithe - he said Clark persuaded him to do it.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . I am street-keeper, of Queenhithe. Maxwell brought me the receipt, saying, he had brought the boat, and desired me not to let it be sent to Bristol. I had it in my possession two months - Burnham and his son claimed it.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 3d of October I was drinking with the prosecutor in Trinity-lane; he was in liquor, and said he wished to sell the boat, and should be glad if I could get him a customer - I went home and next morning Clark hired it of him, and came to me between one and two o'clock, and said he had hired it; I said I wanted to sell a boat which was coming from Bristol; he got me into this boat, and said Burnham had authorised him to sell it; we rowed to Lambeth, and he sold it to this man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
