






484. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     OSBORN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     GARRATT
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of December
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 2 seals, value 2l.; 1 key, value 1d., and 1 ribbon, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Gutteridge
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GUTTERIDGE
               



            . On the 16th of December, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I was passing through St. Paul's Church-yard


; a person, whom I believe to be Garratt, pushed against me, and, at the same instant, snatched my watch, and ran down King's Head-yard - Osborn instantly came up, and pushed against me again; I pursued them, and saw them taken; the seals and ribbon were taken from one of them, and the watch-case was found at the top of the court; I am certain of them, for I never lost sight of them.


                  THOMAS 
                  TOOLE
               



            . I live in Baynes'-buildings. I was in St. Paul's Church-yard, and saw the prisoners together- I watched them for an hour and a half; I saw them shove up against Mr. Gutteridge, and Garratt took the watch; Osborn then gave Mr. Gutteridge a shove, and they ran down a turning - I saw them stopped.
Prisoner GARRATT. Q. Where was you? A. Looking at you; you were walking up and down on the Ludgate-hill side, for a long time.


                  BARTHOLOMEW 
                  SCANDLAND
               



            . I was in the Old 'Change between seven and eight o'clock, and saw the two prisoners there; I heard the cry of Stop thief! the prisoners were coming along, both crying Stop thief! but nobody was before them - the prosecutor was following them up; I stood by at the corner of a lane, and when they came up I sprang out, and grasped both of them in my arms; they said twice, "Where are the thieves?" I said, "I am afraid you are them." I secured Osborn - Garratt got from me, but Lyon took him.


                  MICHAEL 
                  LYON
               



            . I took Garratt, who broke from Scandland.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TURNER
               



            . On this evening I assisted in stopping Garratt, and went with him to the watch-house; I returned in about ten minutes, and picked up these two senls, within about two yards of where I stopped him.


                  LIONEL 
                  MENCE
               



            . I was at my master's, next door to the court which they ran up (King's Head-yard); I heard a noise, went out, and found the watch-case - I gave it to the officer.(Property produced and sworn to.)
OSBORN's Defence. I was passing in Watling-street, and heard the alarm; I pursued, and was stopped.
GARRATT's Defence. The court is very dark - it is impossible to recognise any person's features there.
OSBORN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
GARRATT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
