






413. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BARTON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GRAY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of January
, 4 brushes, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Thompson
               



             and 
               
                  Henry 
                  Sheen
               



            .


                  HENRY 
                  ELBERY LEWIS
               



            . I am in the service of Messrs. William Thompson and Henry Sheen, oilmen

, of Shoreditch


. On the 8th of January the officers brought five brushes to our shop; I knew them to be my masters' by the marks - we missed them directly the officers told us of them, as we knew where they had been hanging; I know nothing of the prisoners.
Prisoner BARTON. When this witness was brought to the watch-house, he said he could not swear to them, but he knew they had lost some. Witness. No, I did not.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTSON
               



            . I am a headborough of Shoreditch. I was near the shop and saw Barton standing against one door-post of the shop, and Gray against the other; I knew them and looked very hard at them - I then met two of the Bow-street patrol, and while in conversation with them, I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw Barton crossing the road; he then turned to the left, and took a contrary direction - Gray went another way, but I took him in about half an hour, having a knowledge of him; I saw Fowler pick the brushes up, which were what Barton dropped: it was Fowler who raised the cry of Stop thief! and he made a catch at Barton, but missed him.
JURY. Q. Did you see Gray speak to Barton? A. Yes, at the door-post, about three minutes before the robbery.


                  JAMES 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. On the 8th of January I saw the prisoners at the prosecutors' door; I stood and watched them a few minutes, and saw one, who I think was Gray, or another man, take the brushes down, and give them to Barton - they then both ran: Barton ran almost up against me - he dropped the brushes, and I took them up.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FRYER
               



            . I saw the prisoners standing against the shop window; I saw Gray take something down and give it to Barton - I pursued and took Barton; this was between five and six o'clock.
BARTON'S Defence. This man is swearing false, I never had the brushes.
GRAY'S Defence. I was not with this man that day - I have seen him before, and worked with him.
BARTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GRAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Confined Six Months
            .
