





1341. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of April
, 1 saddle, value 1l. 15s.; 2 stirrups and leather, value 2s. 6d.; 2 girths, value 2s., and 1 crupper, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Champion
               




            ; and that he on the 10th of January, in the 8th year of His present Majesty's reign, was convicted of felony.
JOHN CHAMPION. I am a sugar-broker
. I lost the articles, stated in the indictment, on the 16th of April, from Mr. Horner's yard, Upper Thames-street


 - I had seen them safe a quarter of an hour before; I went to a sugar refiner's, and when I came back, the cloth was lying on the ground, the other articles were gone - I have seen the saddle since.


                  GEORGE 
                  KNAPP
               



            . I am a pawnbroker; a woman came to my house, to pawn this saddle for 15s., on the 16th of April, about two o'clock - I stopped it; she said she would send her husband - the prisoner then came; I asked whoseit was - he said his master's, Mr. Arnold, of Torrington-square; I asked how he came to bring it here - he said he wanted a little money; I said, "You got it dishonestly"- he ran off; I pursued and took him.
GEORGE KNAPP, JUN. I came in at the time the woman was offering the saddle - she said it was Mr. Arnold's, of Torrington-square; the prisoner then came, and said, it was his master's - that he was a confidential servant, and had taken it to make a little money of; he ran off - I pursued, and took him; he did not say John Edwards brought it.
HENRY BIRGGS. I am an officer. I took the prisoner at the pawnbroker's - he said he got the saddle from some other man.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. On the 16th of April, business called me out; I returned at three o'clock in the afternoon - my wife told me John Edwards had brought a saddle, and wanted her to pawn it for 15s., but she said she could not go out then; I knew no more of it till I came home, when she said it was detained at the pawnbrokers' - I went there, and told them the same story.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DODD
               



            . I produce a record of the prisoner's former conviction; I was present, and believe him to be the same person. (read)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Life
            .
