





1715. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  McCANN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, 1 watch, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Furlong
                     



                  , and 1 watch, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Holbeams
               



            .
JOHN FURLONG. I lodge at William Holbeam's, at Bromley, near Bow


. I saw my watch hanging over the mantel-piece in his front room, about twelve or one o'clock on Sunday, the 13th of July; I went out then, and returned in the evening, but I did not notice whether the watch was there; I went to work the next day, and was fetched home between four and five o'clock; the watch was then gone; I saw it again on the 17th of July, at Lambeth-street.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  LYDIA 
                  HOLBEAMS
               



            . I am the wife of William Holbeams. Furlong lodges with us - I hung up my husband's watch under Furlong's, in our front room, on Monday, the 14th of July, about a quarter-past four o'clock in the afternoon - I went up stairs to dress, and heard some one ask at the door if I wanted any clothes lines; I answered No, but did not go down, nor see the person; when I came down the two watches were gone - I have not seen my husband's watch since.


                  THOMAS 
                  BERFORD
               



            . I am a constable of Bromley. I had the prisoner in custody on Monday, the 14th of August, between four and five o'clock, and while I was searching him Holding gave me this watch; the prisoner said, in my presence, to a person who asked him for the other watch,"I never had the other watch; I know I had one watch in my possession, but I know nothing of the other."


                  GEORGE 
                  HOLDING
               



            . I am a labourer. I was at work on the 14th of July, about four or five hundred yards from Furlong's lodging; I saw the prisoner running, and some persons pursuing, with a cry of Stop thief! Bryan, who was working with me, took hold of him, and I saw this watch fall from him.


                  DANIEL 
                  BRYAN
               



            . I was working in the field, and saw the prisoner running; some persons were pursuing him - I ran and took him; I saw Holding pick up the watch, but I did not see it fall. GUILTY. Aged 21.
Of 


               stealing John Furlong's watch
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
