





1404. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MEMORY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of September
, three sixpences, and a shilling
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Barber
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  BARBER
               



            . On the 6th of September, I was in my shop in Great Chapel-street, Westminster


; I went into the parlour, and while there, heard a footstep; I cameinto the shop, and saw the prisoner behind the counter; I asked what he had been doing, he then threw three sixpences and one shilling from his hand, and begged for mercy.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not hear the prisoner striking the shilling on the counter - A. No.
Q. He did not speak about a jacket, or ask to purchase any thing - A. I did not charge him at first with taking a half crown piece. I sell jackets, but none was shown to him; he talked about one afterwards, I told him I would take him to Queen-square; he dropped three sixpences and the shilling. I saw him searched, and 7 l. 9 s. 6 d. was found on him. I have seen him at my shop purchasing before; I am positive that no conversation passed about his buying a jacket.


                  GEORGE 
                  POPLE
               



            . I am a constable of Queen-square - I took the prisoner and searched him, and found six sovereigns, two half sovereigns, and 9 s. 6 d. in silver on him; he did not state that he had gone behind the counter to pick up his money.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going down the Broadway and saw a jacket marked 9 s. 6 d., and went into the shop to buy it; I knocked on the counter with a shilling; it dropped at the end of the counter, and I then saw half a crown on the floor; this gentleman came and accused me of taking money from the till.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
