






554. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NEEDHAM
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HILL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of March
, 100 lbs. of lead, value 23 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Hammerton
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .

SECOND COUNT, stating it to be fixed to a certain building of his.
MR. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  HAMMERTON
               



            . I live at Whitefriars


. On the 14th of March, I missed some lead from the bow window of my house, over the counting-house; it is a terrace to the river, and about twelve feet from the ground. I saw some lead at Guild-hall, and had it compared with the premises and am positive of its being part of the same. The nail holes correspond and it matched with what was left, it had been torn off the house, it is my property. I have been in possession of it for thirty years.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY KING
               



            . I am ward beadle of St. Andrew parish. On the 14th of March, about half past eight o'clock, I and another officer stood in Shoe-lane; Coles passed me with something under his arm; I followed him and found it was lead. I secured him; the lead was claimed by Mr. Hammerton. I searched Cole's house, and found more lead which Mr. Hammerton claimed. Both correspond with each other.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILDON
               



            . I was with King; his statement is correct.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COLES
               



            . I keep a blacksmith's shop in Field-lane, Holborn. I was stopped with the lead. On Monday morning the 14th of March, the prisoner Needham came into my shop, and asked if I bought lead, and what I gave for it, I said 16 s. a cwt.; he said he was pulling down a shed, and about half past eight o'clock at night, he brought it to me. I said it was a very unreasonable time to come, and to take it away and to bring it to-morrow. He said No, that it was his own and he would leave it till to-morrow, and come then for the money; he referred me to No. 9, Tudor-street, Blackfriars. I took up the smallest piece of the lead in my hand to go there, and see if it was all right, and in Shoe-lane I was taken into custody, they told me it was shed lead and I was certain it was not, which made me go, Needham came alone in the morning to enquire if I bought lead - he brought none then. They came both together at night and each carried one piece of lead. I sometimes a cwt. of lead a day to fix rails with. I have
"dealer in marine stores," written over my door, because an officer told me it would be better; but I do not buy or sell marine stores.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNSLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoners at Cole's shop on the following morning, when they came to the shop, Mrs. Cole sent for me, I told them I took them for stealing the lead they had brought there the night before; they said they had brought it there but they had found it. Needham said he lived in Fox and Knott-court.


                  HENRY 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am the watchman, about half-past eight o'clock, I was told two men were going along Fleet-market with lead. I went down Field-lane and saw the two prisoners, but they had no lead, they were against Coles door; one was by a court just by, and the other came from the door. I had not got my watchman's coat on, so that they would not suspect us, but on looking at us, Needham run off up Safforn-hill, and Hill up the court, and got away. I went to the watch-house and told the beadle, returned with him and saw the prisoner, near the same spot again, and the moment they saw me Needham called out,
"Here is the pigs and grunters coming, and away they run." I knew Needham before.
NEEDHAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HILL - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
Recommended to Mercy. - 


               Confined Three Months
            .
