







2119. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HALFPENNY
               




            , 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  STEVENS
               




            , and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PRATT
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of September
, 4 handkerchiefs, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Hickman
               




            .
ELIZABETH HICKMAN. I am single
, and live in Johnson-street, Somers'-town


. On the 26th of September, about six o'clock, five handkerchiefs were on a stool, outside my wash-house, in the garden, which is inclosed- I had washed them, and put them there, and in about an hour, I was hanging some things up at the first floor, and saw some boys in the field, at the bottom of the garden wall - it is an inclosed field - they had no business there - I missed them, and thought they had gone out another way - I went to the field again, and saw one boy on the wall - he jumped down into the garden - I opened the window, and asked what he wanted; he said his hat - I said there was no hat there; he said there was- he came up to the wash-house, caught at the handkerchiefs, and took four of them - he threw them over the wall - I believe Stephens is that boy - it was not dark - I ran down, and gave an alarm.
Prisoner HALFPENNY. Q. Did you not swear to me and Stevens at the office? A. No.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  LAMPRELL
               



            . I was washing for Hickman, in the wash-house; at a few minutes part six o'clock I saw Stevens come up to the wash-house window; he rather frightened me - I asked what he wanted; he said, "My hat" - I said, "Go along, there is no hat here" - he snatched the handkerchiefs off the stool, and ran - I called Stop thief! - Cockren caught hold of his leg, as he got over the wall - Halfpenny came up, and said, "Let himgo, or I'll make you; what has he done?" - I said he had stolen some handkerchiefs; he said, "He has not."


                  JAMES 
                  COCKREN
               



            . I live next door to Hickman. I heard a noise in her yard; I saw Stevens run up the yard; he called to Halfpenny to look out, and threw something over the wall - Halfpenny caught it; I got over, and caught him as he was getting over the wall: he called to Halfpenny, who asked what I was doing; I said he had stolen something - he said it was a lie, and struck me on the head; I let Stevens go to secure him, and held him till an officer came up: there was a third person about thirty yards off, whom Halfpenny went towards when he received the handkerchiefs.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You never saw them nearer than you have said? A. No.


                  JAMES 
                  PEACOCK
               



            . I am an officer. I was at home, in Bridgwater-street, about three hundred yards from Hickman's; I saw Halfpenny and Pratt in the field - he gave something to Pratt, but what, I could not see; I pursued Pratt, who ran across the field, over the rails, and escaped: I went next day, and found the handkerchiefs in a box at Pratt's lodging, in Warren-street, Camden-town - his mother was there.
Cross-examined. Q. How do you know she was his mother? A. She said so; I am sure he is the boy - I asked some boys if Walters was not with them, thinking he might be concerned; I did not ask if the third person was Walters.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JAMISON
               



            . I am street-keeper, and took Pratt, by his mother's house in Warren-street; he saw me, ran in, ran up stairs, and bolted the door: I went up, broke the pannel of the door to get in, and saw him put something under the bed - his trousers were undone at the time; I took him to the watch-house, returned, and found these handkerchiefs in a box under the bed.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you tell his mother what you took him for? A. I said linen, as I thought so at the time - she had time to remove them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRICHARD
               



            . I am an officer. On the 26th of September I took Stevens in Johnson-street, Somers'-town.(Property produced and sworn to.)
HALFPENNY'S Defence. I was coming up Clarendon-street, and saw this woman coming out, calling Thieves! a man and some boys got over the fence - the man had hold of the boy; I asked what he had done - he said stealing something; he let go of him, and took me, and afterwards brought back Stevens, who is not the boy who got away.
STEVENS' Defence. I was crossing the path leading to Camden-town, and was taken.
PRATT'S Defence. I found a bundle in the path, and took it to my mother's, to see if they were advertised.


                  JAMES 
                  COCKREN
               



            . I am sure it was Stevens whom I took hold of.
HALFPENNY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
STEVENS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PRATT - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
Recommended to mercy by the prosecutrix.




               Confined Six Months
            .
