






820. 
               
                  MATTHEW 
                  HULL
               




             and 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  YOUNG
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of February
, 3 quarts of brandy, value 15s.; 3 quarts of rum, value 10s.; 3 quarts of port wine, value 12s., and 13 bottles value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Nathaniel Laight Stanger 
                  Leathes
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bradshaw
               



            .
NATHANIEL LAIGHT STANGER LEATHES. I am in partnership with Thomas Bradshaw - we are wine and brandy merchants

, and live in Mincing-lane. Hull was my carman
 and occasionally assisted in the cellar; Young was head-cellarman
; he had lived about four months with me, and Hull two years; I only know this circumstance from Jeffrey's information.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Had you a clerk, named Elwood? A. Yes, he is here; he left me on the 24th of March; he had no authority to give the men orders; the orders were always written by myself or my partner, and sent into the cellar; I was present when the prisoners were apprehended; nothing was said about Elwood then; the prisoners requested him to be here afterwards, and we have brought him for them to examine if they like.


                  RICHARD 
                  JEFFREY
               



            . I am a wine-cooper, and have been in the prosecutors' employ about seven months. I packed in a wine-hamper four bottles of brandy, four of rum, three of port wine, and one of sherry, also two pints of port; I packed them by Young's direction; Hull was in an other part of the cellar at the time, but he handed me three bottles of port to pack; it was corded, and directed to Richard or Mr. Young, at some buildings in Kennington; Hull took it away on his shoulder; I had no written order to pack it; I gave no information about it at the time; when they took it out of the premises they said it was going to the White Hart public-house, in Tower-street, to be booked for the errand-cart; this was on the 10th of February; I have heard Young say he lived at Kennington; I stated this to my master on the 18th or 19th. and they were taken up; Hull was gone about ten minutes with the hamper.
Cross-examined. Q. Was there any concealment about it? A. Only us three were there; Hull and I both act under Young's direction; I did not hear Young order him to take it - he ordered me to draw the brandy and pack it up- it was between half-past eight and nine o'clock in the morning; Elwood was up in the counting-house at the time - he did not come into the cellar, or give any orders respecting it; he very seldom gave any orders.
COURT. Q. Did you ever hear him give a verbal direction about conveying away the contents of the cellar? A. No.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. Had you any wine for a Christmas-box? A. Not by Elwood's orders - it was by Young's orders; I had half a dozen for a Christmas-box, and I packed it up. I told my master about that at the same time as I mentioned this.


                  SARAH 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I am nurse at the White Hart public-house, Tower-street; I recollect Hull bringing a hamper there on a Saturday morning - I have the book here; as I cannot write I got him to enter it himself, and saw him do so; it was about a week before he was taken up; the hamper went by the errand-cart I suppose.
RICHARD JEFFREY. I have seen Hull write, and believe this entry to be his writing -(reads) - "Mr. Young, Kennington-lane."


                  HENRY 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am a marshalsman. I apprehended both the prisoners at the prosecutors' counting-house, on the 20th of February - I questioned them separately, but did not threaten or promise any thing; I had Young out of the cellar first, and asked him about the charge; he denied it: I then had Hull up - he also denied it; I said,"Well, I will send round to the booking-offices, and I dare say I shall ascertain where the hamper went to;" he then said, "It is of no use my denying it - I took it to the White Hart, and booked it myself;" he said the direction was tacked on the hamper. I went to Kennington-lane with Mr. Bradshaw, and in the yard of Young's house we found the hamper, which Mr. Bradshaw claimed.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Young's residence, of your own knowledge? A. No. The direction is torn of the hamper, but there is a nail left on it.
R. JEFFREY. This is a hamper of the same description as I packed. I have frequently heard Young say he lived in Kennington-lane.
MR. LEATHER re-examined. I never allowed my men wine for a Christmas-box.
HULL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.
YOUNG - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
