





1208. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MARKS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of April
, 1 watch, value 20s.; 2 rings, value 5s.; 1 chain, value 2s., and 1 key, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Allen
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS ALLEN. On the 14th of April, at a quarter to five o'clock, I was passing Sparrow-corner, Tower-hill


, and had my hand on my watch; the prisoner and another man rushed against me - the prisoner said, "Well, let us pass;" I was just going to say, "You don't seem to want to pass, or let me pass;" I did not feel my watch go, but they separated, and the prisoner turned to the left so quick I suspected something, and missed my watch; he jumped over some clothes, which laid in the street, and fell, and the watch fell on the clothes; he was secured in a few minutes, and Row gave me the watch.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. This was in Rosemary-lane? A. Yes. The prisoner's face was very familiar to me; several persons were there - nobody but them were near enough to me to take it.
COURT. Q. How near to where your watch was taken did the prisoner fall? A. About three yards.


                  HANNAH 
                  ROW
               



            . I set in Rosemary-lane, with things in the ground. Several persons run, and jumped over my things; this watch fell on the things from somebody.
Cross-examined. Q. How many people might ran over your things? A. I dare say one hundred - who dropped it I cannot say.


                  GEORGE 
                  BRADFORD
               



            . I heard a cry of Stop thief! run after the prisoner, and took him about fifty yards off; some people brought him out of a yard - the prosecutor came up, and said that was the man; he endeavoured to bite him. I kept him till an officer came.

JAMES ROBERTS. I am an officer, and received him in charge. Row gave me the watch.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am a watch-house-keeper, and received him at the watch-house.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALLEN
               



            . Not a soul ran over the clothes but himself; I was next to him - other people ran over them after he got up, and ran away - I was going to seize him, when he fell, but somebody pushed me; I got up, and pursued.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing along, heard a cry of Stop thief! and ran with the people; I did not fall down.


                  JOHN 
                  CASTLES
               



            . I am employed to sell-clothes at Sparrow-corner. I have known the prisoner a long time. I was standing there when this happened; there was a rush, and the prosecutor rushed among them; two of them fell down by Row's things; a man struck another man; the prosecutor came up, and said, "There is the man who took my watch;" I looked into the crowd, and did not see the prisoner - I should have known him if I had.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
