





1725. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WESTMORELAND
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of August
, 3 books, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John Henry 
                  Kelly
               




            .
JOHN HENRY KELLY. I am a bookseller
 and live in Vigo-street, Regent-street


. On the 9th of August I lost twoprayer books and a testament from a drawer on my counter; I was out at the time.


                  LOUISA 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Kelly. On the 9th of August I was in the parlour, which looks into the shop; the prisoner came in for one pennyworth of paper, which I served him with - I did not see him take anything; but my mistress, who was in the room, did - he then turned to go out, and my mistress called Stop thief! I went after him and gave an alarm; at the corner of Sackville-street I saw him take something from under his coat and put it into his hat - he ran down Sackville-street and dropped two books; I took up one - I did not see him caught; he had just turned the corner of Churchpassage, but I am sure he is the person - some persons picked up the books and gave them to me, I gave them to the officer: I had not sold them - nobody had been to the shop.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me put the books into my hat? A. I saw you put something into your hat - I swear you are the person.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am an officer. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and went towards the place; the prisoner was given in charge by a person who is not here - these books were delivered to me.
MR. KELLY. These are my books; they have my private-mark on them - they had been on my counter.
Prisoner's Defence. A young gentleman came up to me and said I had got two books; I said "What do you mean" - I had no book about me; he said he would take me to the place they had been stolen from - I said I would go any where, and as we were going back, a girl came up and brought a book, which she said I had dropped in Sackville-street - we met the constable; the girl then said I had stolen three books - I have since learned they belonged to Mr. Kelly, in Vigo-lane, but I do not know it; the girl says she lost sight of the person who stole the books, and if so, she might very easily mistake any young man for me. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
