






1167. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     MATTHEWS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     RICHARDS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, 24 pieces of velveteen, value 20 s., and 30 buttons, value 9 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Courtney
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Walton
                        



.
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Pearson
                  



               
            .


                  ANN 
                  PEARSON
               



            . I live in Underwood-street, Mile End. I sent 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Walton
               



             with a bag to fetch these things from Courtney's, about two o'clock; she returned about three, with the bag empty.


                  SARAH 
                  WALTON
               



            . I am nine years old. Mrs. Courtney gave me this work in a bag, it was velveteen for breeches. As I came across the fields the prisoners followed me; Matthews knocked it out of my hand, and both ran away. I ran and screamed, and a man stopped Matthews, Richards got away, but was taken that night - I am sure of them both.


                  MARIA 
                  COURTNEY
               



            . I am the wife of Daniel Courtney, who is a tailor. I gave this child the materials for two pair of breeches, she put them in a canvas bag, and left about three o'clock - she went across the fields. I live inStoray-street. I found the prisoners in custody, with the property.


                  CHARLES 
                  EARL
               



            . I am a smith. I was in the fields, and saw the prisoners about two hundred yards from the child. One said to the other,
"Come, or we shall be too late." They went up to the child, Richards pushed her off the bank, and Matthews took the bundle. The child scrambled out of the ditch and ran after them screaming. I stopped Matthews with the property.


                  JOHN 
                  DOWNES
               



            . I am a constable. I took Matthews in charge. She told me where to find Richards, and I took her in about an hour.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MATTHEWS'S Defence. Richards had nothing to do with it.
MATTHEWS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
RICHARDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.






               Judgment Respited
            . - Sent to the Refuge.
Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
