





1448. 
               
                  LOUISA 
                  ARMSTRONG
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of June
, two 5l. Bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Smith
               




            .
RICHARD SMITH. I am a servant
 out of place. On the 16th of June I went to the Waterloo Arms publichouse, High-street, Mary-le-bone


, with the prisoner - I went to give her a pint of beer; I had a tailor's bill in my pocket, and two 5l. notes in it, and in paying for the beer, whether I dropped it or not I cannot tell, but it lay at my feet; the prisoner took it up; I said, "Give it me" - she said, "Let me see what it is:" she opened it and read it; I said, "It is a tailor's bill, and two 5l. notes" she said, "They are not worth 2d.;" I said,"Whether they are worth 2d., or not, give them to me"- she said she would not; I asked her eight or nine times- she then said, if Mr. Tottill would bring in pen, ink and paper, and I could give the numbers of the notes, I should have them; I said I could not - she then said she would go before my betters before she would give them up, and said, "Edward, what is your's is mine;" I said,"My name is not Edward" - she then said she was my wife; I said I never had a wife.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. What had you drank before you went there? A. Nothing but two pints of ale in a public-house in High-street - no gin nor brandy and water; at this house we had some ale, and she had one glass of gin - I had been out of place for about a month; I did not know her before, but I met her in the New-road, and said it was rather wet, and I was going to take a pint of beer, and asked her to take part of it - I had only drank one glass of ale beside what I have stated - that was at a brew-house, where I had been to pay a bill; I had taken my money from home - I took out 20l., I never said I had ten 5l. notes about me - I saw the 5l. notes in the tailor's bill at my lodging; I wrapped them up there - I went to the tailor's, but he was not at home; I then went to the brew-house and paid 10l. there - I had some silver in my pocket beside; I did not, in the course of conversation with the prisoner, say, "I have a letter in my pocket about Devonshire;" I was not intoxicated - I might be a little gone; I had the two notes, and I never lost sight of her - a search was made, but the notes were not found; I paid the money at the brew-house on my own account - I had to find my own beer, and instead of having it from a public-house I had it from the brew-house; I had had 10l. worth of beer in about five months for my own use - the servants in the family had it of me; I have not exactly left the place yet - the gentleman died, but I still go backward and forward to settle accounts; I got the notes from a banking-house at Charing-cross, for a cheque which I got from the solicitor - I did not see how she got rid of the notes.


                  THOMAS 
                  STEEL
               



            . I am a carpenter. I was at the Waterloo Arms on the 16th of June; I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner sitting close together in deep conversation - the prosecutor got up to pull the bell, and something like a bill fell down; the prisoner took it up and said to him, "How cautions you ought to be how you drop your things about, do you know what this is?" he said, "Yes, it is a tailor's bill and two 5l. notes" - I saw they were Bank notes, but I could not see they were fives; he asked her for them, and she would not give them to him; I said to the landlord, "She has got some of his money" - the prisoner then said if the landlord would bring in pen, ink and paper, and he would write down the numbers, she would give them up; he said he could not - she then said she would go before his betters before she would give them up; she said what was his was hers, for she was his wife, and had been married to him three years - she was then taken by the officer, but the notes have not been found.
Cross-examined. Q. Was she not tipsy? A. I saw her countenance alter as soon as she got the notes in her hand; they had only one pint of ale while I was there - I saw an empty glass on the table; I was opposite to them - it is a small room; I looked about everywhere for the notes, but they could not be found.


                  CHARLES 
                  TOTTILL
               



            . I keep the Waterloo Arms. I saw the prosecutor and prisoner there; I went in to speak to Steel - he said the prisoner had taken two notes from the prosecutor; the prisoner came across the room, and gave me a tailor's bill to read - the notes had been wrapped up in that; she said if I would give her pen, ink and paper, for him to give her the numbers of the notes she would give them up, as they were not worth 2d. to him without - I said that was nonsense; she then said she would not give them up; I said she had better, it would be worse for her - she said she would not till she got before my betters; that she was his wife, and had been married three years; the prosecutor got an officer - he and my wife searched her, but nothing was found.
Cross-examined. Q. Was she not tipsy? A. No; I have known Steel five years.


                  DANIEL 
                  DUTCH
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner at the Waterloo Arms - I found this tailor's bill, but nothing more; she said, "Don't you meddle with me and my husband, I am his wife" - she said she would not give the notes up; I am sure she did not say she had not got them - she said she would not give them up till she went before her betters.
Cross-examined. Q. Was she not tipsy? A. No - I took her before the Magistrate the same evening, which I dared not have done if she had been tipsy; I supposed she had the notes and made a search.
The prisoner put in a written defence, declaring she had not seen the notes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
