





377. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     NAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Hanson
                        




                     
                  , about six o'clock in the night of the 8th of February
, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, one looking-glass, value 50 s.
             his property.


                  RICHARD 
                  HANSON
               



            . I live in Lower Smith-street, Northampton-square


. I am clerk
 to Messrs. Pickfords; it is a private house; I was out at this time.


                  ANN 
                  HANSON
               



            . I am the wife of the last witness; I was at home; the doors and windows were closed; I have one lodger; he was at home; he came in about twenty minutes before six o'clock - the door was shut I am sure. About half-past six o'clock an alarm was given (it was not quite dark,) I ran to the door, and found it was open; the prisoner was brought back; there was day-light enough to distinguish the features of a man; he had the looking-glass, which was nailed to the wall in the front parlour just before; it cost nearly 4 l.; we have had it about three years; he was an entire stranger - I had seen it in the room in the course of the day.


                  RICHARD 
                  HANSON
               



             re-examined. I saw the looking-glass safe between five and six o'clock, against the wall. I went out at five minutes past six, and closed the door safe.


                  CHARLES 
                  JOEL KENT
               



            . I am an oilman, and live at the corner of Smith-street. I was watching on the spot for ten minutes, seeing the prisoner and another standing outside the door, talking; the door was open; the other person went into the house, and came out three times, without any thing; and the fourth time he brought out the looking-glass, and gave it to the prisoner, who walked off with it. Fleetwood and I collared him about twelve yards off; he immediately dropped it, and it smashed to pieces; he said, if we would forgive him, he would tell who the people were that were with him.


                  JAMES 
                  FLEETWOOD
               



            . I live nearly opposite Hanson. I saw four of them about the door. I went to my private door, and saw one of them go in and come out again; and at last the glass was brought out, and given to Naylor. I ran and took him - his companions walked off, and he dropped it.
(Glass frame produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I went into the Northampton-arms, public-house, to have a pint of beer; I drank it; and as I came out of the door, two very respectable persons asked where there was a porter - I said I would carry it for them - they told me to follow them and they would give me a parcel to carry to a coach. They went into the house; I stood at the door and they brought me the glass.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury before Mr. Common Sergeant.
