






1346. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  ADAMS
               



             and 
               
                  SUSANNAH 
                  COOK
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of May
, two sheets, value 8 s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Ellis
                     




                  , in a lodging room
            .
WILLIAM ELLIS. I am a shoemaker
. The two prisoners took my lodgings in Great Earl-street


. On the 2d of May Cook came first, with another woman, saying she had a husband; I told her to fetch him, which she did, and I let the lodgings to them both - I let these two sheets as part of the furniture - they continued there till the 4th of July, and went away suddenly and kept the keys till the 7th. I had missed the property a night or two before they sent the key: they owed me four weeks rent.


                  THOMAS 
                  MILLS
               



            . I live with Chappel and Mills, Greek-street, Soho. I took a pair of sheets in pawn of a person, but I cannot say who it was, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ellis
               



            .
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  EDWARD 
                  HEDGES
               



            . I was beadle of the night. I found on Cook the duplicate of the two sheets pawned at Chappels.
COOK'S Defence. I did not pawn them. I asked Mrs. Ellis for a pair of clean sheets, which she sent me up by a woman, and the other sheets were sent down to be washed, but the woman I sent them by did not return them, but went and pawned them at Chappel's. I knew nothing of it for a week afterwards, when I was going out, and my landlady called me back, and said "You did not send the sheets." I said they were returned, and she said they were not. I then went to the woman - she said they were pawned at the shop. I got the duplicate from her.
COOK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
ADAMS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
