






321. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GOSTELLOW
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HATHAWAY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, three hatbands, value 8 s.; one brooch, value 4 s.; one pair of boot-hooks, value 1 s., and four ounces of wire, value 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Andrew Lipman 
                     Phillips
                  




               
            .


                  ANDREW 
                  LIPMAN PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a salesman
, and live in North-street, Manchester-square


. On the 11th of January, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, I was in the parlour behind the shop, and heard a rattling at the window, went out, and observed three persons at the window - one of them had his hands through, removing the things - the glass had been broken an evening or two before - the other two enclosed him to prevent his being seen. I went to the door, the bell rang, and at that instant they all ran away. I pursued them closely, one escaped, but the other two were taken without my losing sight of them; they were the prisoners. Nothing was found on them. On my return I missed the articles stated in the indictment, which were safe just before.


                  FRANCES 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am the daughter of the last witness. I heard a noise at the window, and saw the prisoners and another, one of them had his hands through the window, taking the things. I picked up the wire, which I saw fall from them as they ran, about twenty yards from the shop.


                  JOHN 
                  COOK
               



            . I keep a coalshed in Little Brownlow-street, close by. I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoners pass my door; I saw them stopped, and assisted to take them to the watch-house.
(Wire produced and sworn to.)

GOSTELLOW'S Defence. As we passed the door, the gentleman called Stop thief! a man ran from the window, we pursued him, and they took us.
HATHAWAY'S Defence. I can say no more.
GOSTELLOW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
HATHAWAY * - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
* Hathaway is the same prisoner who was tried on the Eighth Day by the name of Bridges.
(See No. 332)





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
