







490. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     BARNETT
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of February
, eight shillings in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Sooley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SOOLEY
               



            . I am a window-blind maker
. On the 3rd of February, about eleven o'clock, I was in the Court-yard, St. James's Palace


. - I went with three children to see the guards exercise. I had one child, about fourteen months old, whom I put upon my shoulder to hear the music. I saw the three prisoners standing by me - I was informed I was robbed. I saw a hand come past me. Johnson and Jones stood directly in front of me, and just behind at my right arm, the hand nudged Johnson, and they both went away. Leary then said,
"You are robbed." I took the child off my shoulder, and found my right hand pocket turned inside out - I was going to follow then; but my children crying out, I stopped to take care of them - they were pursued and taken. I saw Barnett taken myself in the Park; he made great resistance, and dodged us - I lost eight shillings. I am positive the three prisoners stood by me.
Prisoner BARNETT. Q. Was there not a great many people there. - A. Yes.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Two were in front. - A. Yes; Johnson moved my child, while the relief was going past.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am an officer. On Sunday morning, the 3rd of February, I was at the Palace at the time of the relief. I saw Sooley with a child in his arm, and two by his side. Barnett was close to his left side, and the two prisoners were a little in the rear. Sooley was holding the child up. I watched Barnett, and I suppose he saw me; for he drew back. I then went behind the crowd, so as not to be perceived. I came in sight again, and saw Barnett draw back again, and come on a level with the other two. I then went quite out of sight, and heard an alarm given of a robbery, and immediately missed the prisoners. I went outside the Palace, and met Leary running after them. We ran in different directions, and in three or four minutes came into the Park, and at the gate of Cambridge-house, saw the three prisoners. Leary said, he was sure they were the persons - we ran towards them, and on getting near them, one shot a few yards a-head, and Barnett immediately ran away. I called out,
"It is no use to go, Barnett, for I shall have you." He still continued running - I pursued, calling Stop thief! and told the witness to stop the others. A gentleman caught at Barnett - they reeled over in the road together. I came up and secured them. He put his hand to his coat pocket - a person caught hold of his pocket, and held it till we got to the watch-house. I found two shillings in his coat, and four in his waistcoat. Johnson made considerable resistance when I was going to handcuff him. I lost the prosecutor, but he came to the office next morning.


                  CORNELIUS 
                  LEARY
               



            . I was at the Palace. Johnson and Jones stood before the prosecutor, and were looking in his face; they observed me looking at them. I turned my head, and on looking round again, I saw Barnett's hands in Sooley's pockets. He went out of the yard, and the other two followed him. I went to Sooley, told him to examine his pockets, and told him to follow Jones and Johnson out, and perhaps he would get his money. He went out, returned in a few minutes, and asked me to go and shew them to him. I went to the stable-gate, and saw the three prisoners opposite the bridge in the Park. I am sure of their persons. When I got within twenty yards of them, Barnett saw me, and ran off. I followed and he was stopped.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLASSBOROW
               



            . I was in the Park with Gook - we followed the prisoners, and met Leary, and nearly opposite to the bridge, he pointed the prisoners out. We went up to them, and I collared Johnson - Henry took Jones.


                  JAMES 
                  HENRY
               



            . I was in the Park, and saw the three prisoners. I took Jones.
BARNETT'S Defence. I went to see the soldiers, and was going home, when the officers came running; I ran towards them; they stopped me. I took some notes frommy waistcoat pocket, and put them in my coat pocket, and the shillings went with them.
BARNETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.






               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
