







Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Graham
               



            .
1029. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     RAWLEY
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NORTON
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     GEORG E
                     KING
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Rugg
                        




                     
                  , on the 28th of June
 (he and others being therein) and stealing a shawl, value 10 s.; a vinagaret, value 2 l.; a cap, value 2 s.; a pair of scissars, value 2 s., and a veil, value 14 s.
            , his property.


                  CHARLES 
                  RUGG
               



            . I live on Muswell-hill


. On Saturday the 28th of June, I was at home all the afternoon with my servants, and at six o'clock the prisoners were brought to my house, I missed the articles stated in the indictment from my drawing room, which is a front room on the ground floor, there is a garden about fifty yards long before the house. I think they got in at the window which might have been open; King and Norton produced all the property; I saw Norton in the garden between five and six o'clock.


                  JAMES 
                  BRETT
               



            . On the 28th of June, about half past six o'clock, I was with Woodward at the King's Head public-house, Crouch-End. My master had information that Mr. Rugg had been robbed, and said that the three lads were gone up Mount Pleasant; we went after them, and overtook the prisoners on Stroud Green, about a mile and a half from Mr. Rugg's. Woodward got up to them first; when I came up, Norton ran away and I after him; I saw a man and called Stop thief! he detained him till I came up; I took him to the other two. They were very loth to go back; we took them to Mr. Rugg's, who said he knew they were the persons who had been into his house, and if they would deliver up his things they might go about their business; they declared that they had got nothing; he said he knew they had, and the sooner they gave it up, the sooner they would go; King and Norton delivered up a good many things; Rawley said he had nothing; Mr. Rugg said they were to go about their business; I said they should not, and while I was speaking Francis came and took them. Mr. Rugg would not give up the property.
MR. RUGG. I have all the property here, and can swear to it. Rawley said he was perfectly unacquainted with the others, that they merely overtook him.


                  JOHN 
                  WOODWARD
               



            . I was at the King's Head, and overtook the three prisoners together; they appeared walking together towards Stroud Green. I was left in care of King and Rawley, as Norton ran away, but was stopped; we took all three to Mr. Rugg's, and the property was given up by King and Norton.


                  THOMAS 
                  FRANCIS
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoners were given into my charge. I found a sugar ladle and tongs in King's cap. They have not been owned.
RAWLEY'S Defence. I was selling fruit about, and these men asked me the way to Holloway.
NORTON'S Defence. We know nothing of Rawley, only asked him the way to Holloway.


                  JOHN 
                  WOODWARD
               



             re-examined. Rawley had a donkey and scales, and was selling fruit.
KING - GUILTY. Aged 17.
NORTON - GUILTY. Aged 14.




               Of Larceny only
            . - 



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
RAWLEY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
