





1951. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of September
, 36 bushels of coals, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Watkins
               




            , his master.
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  LASSAM
               



            . I am a labourer. I carried four sacks of coals to the prisoner's house, for him, on the 26th of September, for which he gave us 6d. a piece - there were two bushels in each bag; I took them from Mr. Watkins' shed.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JENNINGS
               



            . I carried five bags of coals to the prisoner's.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever carry coals for him before? A. I have carried bushels for him, at 1d. a bushel - I do not work for the prosecutor.
GEORGE WATKINS. I am a coal and corn-dealer
, and live at Brentford


. The prisoner was in my service, but I never employed him to carry these coals for me, on the 26th of September.
Cross-examined. Q. What wages did you give him? A.Fifteen shillings a week and a bushel of coals; there was no arrear of coals due - he booked the coals himself up to the 5th of September; he has lately opened a shop: he told me of it, and I said he might do what he pleased -I discharged him on the 5th of October; he said there were five bushels of coals due to him, but I did not know of this then; sometimes he booked them, and sometimes I did - I do not believe there were any due to him; the book will prove there were not thirty-six bushels due to him.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How soon was it after the 5th of September that he left you? A. On the 5th of October - there could not have been more than four or five bushels due to him; I never authorised him to take thirty-six bushels to his own shed.
COURT. Q. Was he a labourer? A. He was a sort of foreman
, and kept the books
; he had been with me ninety-five weeks - he was allowed a bushel of coals a week, and took them when he pleased; I turned him away on suspicion nine days after these coals went away: he never bought coals of me, to my knowledge - he has bought cinders and wood; these coals were taken out the back way.
Prisoner's Defence. There were forty bushels of coals owing me; I have them in in the winter - I had had half a chaldron of cinders of him, and a load of wood of Mr. Winkworth; when I had a bushel of coals I put it down retail, as I did what I sold.
JURY to 
               
                  JAMES 
                  LASSAM
               



            . Q. Did you carry these coals the shortest way from the prosecutor's? A. Yes; we came out of the back way of the shed, as most convenient to carry the coals - it is done sometimes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
