





1052. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE JAMES 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of July
, one spoon, value 10 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Rawlins
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  CLUTTERBUCK
               



            . I live at No. 29, Brook-street, Holborn


, Mr. Rawlins lives at No. 9. On the 14th of July, at five o'clock in the morning, I was sitting at my window, and heard his kitchen window break; I lifted up my curtain, and saw the prisoner and another man with their backs to Mr. Rawlins's door - the prisoner had a basket under his arm tied in a white cloth. I saw him looking at the window of the opposite house; they walked away towards Holborn, then returned to Rawlins's; each stooped down and looked through the area window, then went by the house to Greville-street, looked down the street, and returned to the house - nobody was passing. The other man took some instrument out of the prisoner's hand, which he screwed together, put them through the grating into the kitchen window, and drew it back with a spoon at the end of it, and gave it to the prisoner with the instrument. They crossed and went up a court next to my house, which leads into Gray's Inn-lane. I came down,went up the court, and met a woman, who gave me information. I went into Holborn, and saw them walking on the pavement towards the City. They returned, and crossed over to the east end of Middle-row; I saw some watchmen and informed them - they went round and met them; the prisoner was secured. I went after the other but he escaped. As the prisoner crossed the road in custody, the instruments were picked up exactly in the crossing he went over. I saw the spoon found on him.


                  AMBROSE 
                  MOSS
               



            . I am a watchman. I apprehended the prisoner in Middle-row. The spoon was found in his sleeve. Clutterbuck gave me the instrument - it was made like a fishing-rod.


                  CHARLES 
                  DIXON
               



            . I searched the prisoner, found the spoon in his sleeve, and some old bent forks in his pocket.


                  SARAH 
                  DAMAT
               



            . I am servant to Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Rawlins
               



            ; the spoon was his. I found the window broken over the part where it laid.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
