





338. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     LERAMOUNT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of January
, 22 silver spoons, value 10 l., and four silver forks, value 2 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Cerf
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MR. LAW conducted the prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  NADEN
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Henry 
                  Cerf
               



            , Esq.
, who lives at Isleworth


. Some property was missed on the 22d of August; the prisoner was in my master's employ, and cleaned knives and and plate in the pantry where the plate was kept, and was often there; only him and the coachman had access to it - he was about three months with us, and left in August or September - he had not left a fortnight when the property was missed. He came to the house three times after he left, went into the pantry, and eat and drank there.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Baxter, a pawnbroker, who lives in Norfolk-street, Middlesex Hospital. On the 4th of September, the prisoner pledged some spoons in the name of 
               
                  Edward 
                  Clark
               



            ; he said it was for his brother, who was a market gardener at Hounslow. He came again on the 12th, and pledged seven table and three desert spoons in the same name.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  GEORGE 
                  WELFARE
               



            . I am a constable. I searched the prisoner when I was bringing him from Southampton. He said he knew what I came after him for, it was for robbing Mr. Cerf of his plate; I told him to say nothing to convict himself. He said he hoped he should see his brother in his place, as he was the person who stole the plate and gave it him, but he kept the money because his brother kept his wages. His brother is gardener to Mr. Cerf.


                  HENRY 
                  CERF
               



            , ESQ. The prisoner was a labourer in my garden
, employed by his brother - he left some time in September. I used to pay his brother his wages, as he lived with his brother. About a fortnight after he went the plate was missed; I heard the prisoner was seen in the pantry, dressed better than usual with a watch in his pocket. I took out a warrant against him immediately I missed it; his brother is still in my service as a labourer, but not as a gardener. I have a quantity of plate, this might have been taken some time without being missed.


                  GEORGE 
                  NADEN
               



             re-examined. I missed the plate in the month of August, the prisoner had not left the service a fortnight when it was lost; I think I missed it about ten days after he left. He left on Saturday night, came again on Sunday morning and on Monday, and helped me clean the plate in the pantry; next day I missed it - he was in the pantry alone for four hours. It could not all be taken away at once without my missing it.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Richardson.
