






1693. 
               
                  JEREMIAH 
                  SULLIVAN
               




             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  EDWARDS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of August
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Thompson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
EDWARD THOMPSON. On Saturday evening, the 9th of August, I was behind a Blackwall stage, in the Commercial-road


; I am a solicitor, and live in the City; an officer stopped the coach, and asked if I had lost anything; I missed my handkerchief - I gave my address, and the coach went on.


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 9th of August I saw Mr. Thompson and another gentleman behind the coach - the prisoners followed the coach; I saw them both get up behind, standing on the axle-tree - I saw Sullivan's left hand in the gentleman's pocket, but did not see the handkerchief come out; they got down - we stopped the coach, then pursued, and found the handkerchief round Sullivan's neck - they were both in company; it was dark, or I should have seen them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FRYER
               



            . I am an officer. I was with Key's - his account is correct; I followed the prisoners for a mile and a half - they followed the coach for a mile; I afterwards found them on the step of a door - Sullivan had the handkerchief tied round his neck, and said a boy gave it him to hold.(Property produced and sworn to.)
SULLIVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
EDWARDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Confined One Month
             and 




               Whipped
            .
