





2159. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  DRYSDALE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, 1 watch, value 2l. 10s.; 2 seals, value 8s., and 1 key, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Bull
               




            .
ISAAC BULL. I am a box-maker
. On the 29th of September, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, I was in Mary-street, Hampstead-road


 - I had just turned out of Charles-street; I saw the prisoner a short distance before me; he stopped, and I was going to pass him; he snatched my watch from my pocket; the glass broke; he ran off; I cried Stop him! he has got my watch! he ran into Little Charles-street and was taken, and my watch produced; he had got out of my sight for a few minutes; I believe him to be the man.
Prisoner. Q. What distance was the prisoner walking before you? A. A short distance.


                  PETER 
                  WALKER
               



            . I heard Bull say he had lost his watch, and saw the prisoner run from him into Little Charles-street. I pursued and never lost sight of him till he was taken; I did not see the watch drop from him, but nobody else could drop it, there was no one near him; I heard something drops some glass was found on the spot where the watch was taken.


                  NICHOLAS 
                  WINTER
               



            . I live at No. 3, Little Charles-street; I was standing at my door, and heard an alarm; I ran into the street, and saw the prisoner running towards me, pursued by Walker and another, but nobody was near the prisoner; I laid hold of him; he sprang out of my arms; I pursued five or six yards further, and then seized him by the neck; he said he was not the man.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you let me go? A. No, you broke from me.


                  RICHARD 
                  HAYMAN
               



            . I was coming up from my lodging in Little Charles-street, and heard an alarm; I ran to the rails, and saw the prisoner running towards me - he was the first who came up; I seized him - I saw nothing in his hand, but a gentleman picked up this watch close to the rails.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  BYRCHMORE
               



            . I am watch-house-keeper, and have the watch.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor cannot swear to me- it was as likely to be the person who gave him the watch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Life
            .
