





1444. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     ANDREWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June
, 1 jacket, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Rosseter
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  ROSSETER
               



            . I live in Back Church-lane, and am a paviour
. On the 30th of June, about a quarter to twelve o'clock in the day, I was in Threadneedle-street


 - my jacket hung on some rails near the South Sea-house; I missed it about a quarter of an hour after I had seen it there. I went to the Mansion-house, and found the prisoner there with it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I work as a paviour, and was at work with Rosseter; I did not see the jacket taken - a gentleman said a man had taken it; our foreman jumped up, and said, "See if all your things are right," and Rosseter missed his jacket; I pursued up Threadneedle-street, and saw the prisoner about a hundred yards ahead - I did not call out, but ran, and as he turned Finch-lane I collared him, and said, "What have you got in your basket?" he opened it, and there was the jacket - I gave him in charge.


                  JOHN 
                  BRADY
               



            . The prisoner was delivered to me with the basket, and I found this piece of cane and a crooked wire in it; I found seven duplicates on him, for handkerchiefs, waistcoats, and things; he attempted to get the cane and wire out of the basket - I said, "What are these?" and he dropped them.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. That thing in the basket is an umbrella stretcher - I did not think I was committing any offence - I kicked the jacket before me, and picked it up at the impulse of the moment - I was going to the Post-office, and have no doubt as I came back I should have given it to the street-keeper, to find the owner; I question whether I have committed any offence, for it laid on the pavement, and the law does not allow any person to take advantage of his own wrong.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
