






1019. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MAIN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     YAMAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of June
, one time-piece, value 30 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Hooper
                        



                     
                  ; and one snuff-box, value 7 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harman
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HARMAN
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. Hooper, of No. 45, Baker-street, Portman-square


. On the 21st of June, I went out, and, at eight o'clock in the morning; found the prisoner in custody. I missed my snuff-box off the mantle-piece in the housekeeper's room - it was safe the night before.


                  JAMES 
                  HENLEY
               



            . I am a bottle-dealer, and live in East-street, Manchester-square. On the 21st of June, about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, I was going to No. 46, Baker-street, and saw the prisoners standing between there and No. 45. I went in, and on coming out they still stood there. I went on towards Dorset-street, turned my head round, and saw Main going down the area steps of No. 45. I turned back, and found him coming up, but doing something up in his bosom. I tried to lay hold of him, but he ran back down the area passage, and into a little room in the house. I ran down, and called out
"House!" The cook came, and we secured him coming out of the room - he said he had nothing, and we might search him. I said,
"Perhaps you have nothing now, but I am sure you had something" - he said he had not, he had been to ask for Mrs. James. The cook locked him up, and I went home. Yaman passed me before I took Main. They were close in conversation when Main went down, and on seeing me turn back, ran off. I rather doubt whether Yaman is the other, as I now perceive that he squints.


                  ELIZA 
                  WILTSHIRE
               



            . I am cook at the house. I heard Henley call out, and found Main in the room. He said he came for Mrs. James - no such person lived there. I found the time-piece removed from the middle of the mantle-shelf, towards the end, and laid on its side. The snuff-box was found on the ledge of the room over-head. The servants were not up.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
MAIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
YAMAN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
