





64. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     NEWTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 30th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 6d. the goods of 
                     
                        Zachariah 
                        Foster
                     




                  , the younger, from his person
            .
ZACHARIAH FOSTER, JUN. I am the son of Zachariah Foster, boot-maker, of Newgate-street. On the 30th of November, about a quarter to eleven o'clock at night, I was seeing a lady home from my father's, I had a cotton handkerchief in my inside coat-pocket - my coat was buttoned; I did not see the prisoner near me, or miss it till I got to Holborn-bridge


, when Toole asked if I had lost any thing; I found the prisoner had been secured, and my handkerchief was produced to me.


                  THOMAS 
                  TOOLE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Gibson, of Goswell-street. I was coming down Holborn-hill, and saw Mr. Foster with a lady - I was walking quite fast, and saw the prisoner, with two others behind him, walking behind Mr. Foster - I saw the prisoner's hand in Mr. Foster's pocket; the tail of his coat was lifted entirely up in his hand; the other two were walking quite quick up to him; I saw him take the handkerchief out; I said to Day, who was with me,"Lay hold of him, and I will go and tell the gentleman;" as Day laid hold of him, the other two ran away across the road - they were lads; the prisoner finding himself taken, threw the handkerchief down immediately; I saw him throw it down, and shewed it to Mr. Foster, who claimed it, when I brought him up to the prisoner - a woman picked it up, and said it belonged to the gentleman - she gave it to me; I took the prisoner to the watch-house with it.


                  PEDDER 
                  DAY
               



            . I am a chair-maker, and live in French-court, Goswell-street. I was with Toole, who pointed the prisoner out to me - I had observed him before; I laid hold of him, and he resisted to get from me; I saw him drop the handkerchief out of his hand.


                  JOSEPH 
                  YOUNG
               



            , The prisoner was brought to the watch-house - he was quite intoxicated; I sent him to the Compter.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing up Holborn-hill - some young man went by and threw the handkerchief down; this young man laid hold of me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
