





1776. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of July
, 7 books, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Wilks
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  WILKS
               



            . I am a bookseller
 in Chancery-lane


. On the 10th of July the prisoner came between five and six o'clock in the evening, and looked at seven volumes of Law Reports, which were in my window; he said he had a brother in the law, who he was pretty certain would be glad to buy them, if I would send them to an office he had in Leadenhall-street - I thought he was on no good, and wanted to get rid of him; he said if they were sent that evening, and I would call the next morning, he would settle for them - I then went out, and did not return till eight o'clock; my shop was then shut up.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not tell the boy to dust them? A. No; you remarked that they were dirty, and I said the boys could easily clean them - they might be put on one side for the purpose of being dusted - these are the books, and here is another book which I know nothing of.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Wilks. The prisoner came after Mr. Wilks was gone out, and said he was waiting for me to take the books down to his chambers in Leadenhall-street - I was not present at his interview with Mr. Wilks; I then went with him, and left the books at No. 25, in the East India chambers - he opened the chamber with a key, and opened a desk which he said he meant to put the books into; I did not return to my employer till the next morning, when he desired me to go anddemand the books: back - I went, and waited till the prisoner came; I said I came for the books to save me from any further noise - he said it was a fair bargain betwen Mr. Wilks and him, and his brother could not come to town that day; I went across the way, and saw the prisoner come out and go to Mr. Higham's - when he came out, I went there, and asked if he had come to sell or to buy books, and the books were on the counter; I told them to detain him if he came again.


                  SARAH 
                  HIGHAM
               



            . My father is a bookseller, and lives at No. 54, Chiswell-street. On the 11th of July the prisoner came there, about nine o'clock in the morning, with a porter, and brought these books, which are Dowling's Reports; he wanted 4l. for them - my father said he would not give that, as one of them was spoilt with ink; he then said he would take 50s. - my father said he would not have them till they were looked over, and he was desired to call at two o'clock; he said he could not call till four - he requested to have a few shillings, and we let him have 3s.; the witness then came in, and gave us information - the prisoner came at twelve o'clock, and we told him they were so much damaged he had better take them away, and return the few shillings; he said he had more to sell, and he would bring them - Mr. Wood came in, and he was detained.


                  JOHN 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am a porter. I was employed by the prisoner to carry the books.


                  ANDREW 
                  WOOD WEST
               



            . I am a headborough. I took the prisoner when Mr. Higham sent for me - he asked where I was going to take him; I said to take him up - he wanted me to go to Mr. Wilks, and then to Hackney; I said I was not authorized to go any where - when we got to the corner of Bunhill-row he ran off, and I called Stop thief! a man ran against him, and I came up to him.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILKS
               



            . These are the books. I never intended he should have them, and had not sold them to him - they are labelled nine guineas.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to Mr. Wilks' shop to look at the volumes; he ordered them to be dusted, and said they should come that evening - I went in an hour after, and saw the shopman; I said Mr. Wilks had agreed to send them to my office - the shopman took them down; a person came, who looked at them, and said they were in so bad a condition they were not worth 5s. - under that conviction, and thinking Mr. Wilks would take less, I asked the low price I did for them; Mr. Wilks now says he did not intend I should have them - but he said I should, and he knew they were for immediate sale; Mr. Higham said they were worth nothing but for waste-paper, and wished me to take the covers off them.


                  LINDLEY 
                  JOHN HIGHAM
               



            . I did not say so - I had a suspicion, from the manner in which he took the 3s., that they were not honestly come by, and left word with my family to tell him to return the 3s., and take them away.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOD
               



            . The name "Mr. Turner" is on the chamber door.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
