






410. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HAYDON
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HAYDON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of December
, 30 tiles, value 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James Farrar 
                  Steadman
               




            .
MR. QUIN conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  MEAD
               



            . I am a constable of Enfield. On the morning of the 20th of December, between three and four o'clock, I was on duty, with Cufley, at the bottom of Enfield


 town; we were leaning against the rails of the Newriver, and heard somebody walking along very heavy; we remained there till the prisoners came out of the gate of Mr. Steadman's premises, which join the river; we went up, and met them; William had got a lot of tiles on his shoulder, in a sack, and John had a quantity on his head - I asked what they had got; William said, "It is only a few tiles, John - pray let me go, and it shall be kept a secret;" I said, "Where did you get them?" he said from the buildings; I think there were nineteen tiles in the sack, and eleven on John's head; I have known them all their lives; I detained them, and at their premises found about eighty more tiles; they told the Magistrate they found them; there is an out-house building on the premises; I traced foot-marks from the gate they came out of to the building.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Are you sure he said it should be kept a secret? A. He did.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CUFLEY
               



            . I was with Mead; his statement is correct; I took John.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you sure he desired it to be kept secret? A. Yes.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I am gardener to James Farrar Steadman. On the morning in question I missed some tiles fromthe end of a cart-house; I afterwards saw them at the office, and believe them to be master's; they matched in every particular.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are not many tiles of this description made? A. Certainly.
WILLIAM HAYDON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 51.
JOHN HAYDON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
