






697. 
               
                  OBEDIAH 
                  LAWLESS
               



             and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     BAINBRIDGE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April
, fourteen pounds of bacon, value 4 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Brennand
                  




               
            .


                  SUSAN 
                  BRENNAND
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Brennand
               



            , a cheese-monger
. On the 12th of April, about eight o'clock at night, I went into the cellar, leaving nobody in the shop; I returned in a minute, and saw Bainbridge in custody, with fourteen pounds of bacon under his arm, which he had taken off a cheese in the window. The officer was bringing him in at the door, with his shoes off; the window was shut.
Prisoner BAINBRIDGE. Q. Can you swear to it - A. I bought it, and cut it myself.


                  GEORGE 
                  WADDINGTON
               



            . I am a constable. I was in Goswell-street, and saw the prisoners attempt to take something from a stationer's shop. I watched them across the road to Brennand's; they passed the shop, looked in, and returned. I concealed myself in the door way, and saw Brennand go into her cellar; Bainbridge then went into the shop, took the bacon, and came out with his shoes off. Lawless was looking through the window all the time. I seized Bainbridge, and he ran away - next morning I took him on Saffron-hill. I am not quite certain of him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BAINBRIDGE'S Defence. I was looking for a place, and saw a man running, and took me. A gentleman said,
"Don't take him - there he goes;" he said,
"Never mind, I have had him in custody before;" which is unfortunately the case.
BAINBRIDGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LAWLESS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
