






1123. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     AARONS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     RACHEL 
                     AARONS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of September
, eighteen yards of woollen cloth, value 18 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Blakesley
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Lester
                        



                     
                  , privately, in their warehouse
            .
MR. BRODRICK conducted the prosecution.
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  LESTER
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  John 
                  Blakesley
               



            ; we are Blackwell-hall factors

, and live in Basinghall-street


 - I saw the female prisoner go out of the warehouse and brought back by the porter, and heard the cloth fall from her.


                  HARRY 
                  KENDAL
               



            . I am clerk to the prosecutors. On the 4th of September, the prisoners came together to the warehouse, about five o'clock in the afternoon, and asked to see some blue cloth - I shewed them two pieces; the man enquired the price, and said he should buy for money, he spoke English, and understood me; I think the woman understood very little English - he bought nothing that night, but went away, saying, he should call next morning, but did not - on Thursday morning, a little past nine o'clock, when I got to the warehouse, I found them both there, they had been looking at cloth; when I went in, the man asked me to shew him some black cloth, and said, he had had the rheumatism, which was the reason he had not been on Wednesday - I shewed him some, he wishedfor patterns of the blue which he had seen that morning - I went into the back warehouse to get them; on my return, the woman was gone, he remained for the patterns - he said he would come again in fifteen or twenty minutes, and pay for what he wanted, not having then fixed on any thing, I had left the female standing within six yards of the door - there was a quantity of cloths in the warehouse when I left her - while I was speaking to the man, she was brought back (before he had quitted the door), by Stevens - the cloth was nearly covered by her gown - by her side, she had a large shawl also, which seemed to hide it, she appeared pregnant; immediately on her coming inside the warehouse, I saw the cloth drop from her, it was eighteen yards and a quarter of blue cloth - we are the manufacturers of it; seventeen yards and a half would be the payable length - I saw it on the previous evening in the back warehouse; where they had been looking at cloth - Stebbing was with them when I came. The cloth had not been sold.
Q. Did you observe the man do any thing when she was brought in - A. He appeared angry, patted her on the bonnet, and said,
"What did you do this for?" An apron was found in the warehouse. I did not see her take any thing.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Is this a warehouse for retail business - A. No, wholesale; we sell goods there - each piece is kept separate. The porter sleeps up stairs, and lives there. There is always somebody there to show goods.


                  JOHN 
                  STEBBING
               



            . I am employed in the prosecutors' warehouse; I was there on the 6th of September; the prisoners came in together about nine o'clock, the man apologised for not coming before, saying he had the rheumatism in his leg; he asked to see some blue cloth - which I showed him; Kendal came in just as they were going away; he was then shewed black cloth. The woman was then standing in the front of the warehouse, against the door - she appeared pregnant. I took the counting-house stool down for her to sit on, if she was disposed. I believe she did not sit down. There was a number of pieces of cloth, standing on their ends on the ground; Kendal went back to cut patterns, while he was gone I was in the front warehouse - the man opened the door for the woman to go out, and shut it after her. Stevens brought her back. I did not see her take anything, nor had I any suspicion - there is a yard which they must cross from the warehouse and on the left hand is the carpet warehouse, the door of which they would pass. When she was brought back I saw the cloth drop from her; it appeared suspended from her right side; but when she got in it dropped upon the warehouse floor. The male prisoner slapped her bonnet, and said,
"What did you do that for?" He did not ask for any thing after he let her out. Kendall was gone for the patterns, only he and I were in the warehouse.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Her being pregnant prevented your suspicions - A. Yes; the man slightly slapped her bonnet, and said, in an angry tone, "What did you do that for?" He stood at her side.
MR. BRODRICK. Q. Did you observe her when she moved to go to the door - A. The man stood behind her - I was behind him, within five yards of him. He opened the door and shut it after her.


                  JOHN 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am porter to the prosecutors. My suspicions were excited by something before; and on Thursday I saw the prisoner come in, and heard the door open, and saw the woman go out by herself - I was in the carpet warehouse in the passage; she came along close by the door - I ran to the window, looked at her, and thought she looked rather more bulky on her right side than when she came in - I went up to her, and hit my left hand against the cloth, and said. "You have got it, have you, and I have got you" - she sighed, I took her back, it dropped from her - I produce it, having kept it ever since.


                  THOMAS 
                  LAUCHLAND
               



            . I am in the service of the prosecutors. I found an apron among some cloths where I had seen the prisoners walking, in the front warehouse - I found it directly she was taken; it does not belong to the warehouse.
MR. LESTER. The cloth is ours, and contains eighteen yards and a quarter. We charge it at seventeen yards; it cost us upwards of 16 l., as the manufacturers.
Cross-examined. Q. What is the cost price - A. As near as I can guess, 16 l. odd shillings. We do not expose goods for sale; our names are on the door, and woollen warehouse - our chief trade is on commission; we never sell less than an end.


                  JOSEPH 
                  AARON
               



            'S Defence. (Through an interpreter.) What my wife did, I know nothing about. I am a merchant

; the prosecutors did not see my wife take it no more than I did - I gave her two slaps on the bonnet for doing it.


                  RACHAEL 
                  AARON
               



            'S Defence. What I did, was unknown to my husband.


                  JOSEPH 
                  AARONS
               



             - 


               GUILTY
             Aged 34.


                  RACHAEL 
                  AARONS
               



             - 


               GUILTY
             Aged 30.
Of stealing under the value of 15 l.





               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
