





1369. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     FLETCHER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of October
, one handkerchief, value 5 s., and one tobacco-box, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cook
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  COOK
               



            . I am a saddle and harness-maker
, and live at Margate. On the 25th of October, I was in town, and met the prisoner in Wych-street, about three o'clock in the morning - we got into conversation, she said she would shew me where I could get something to drink; I gave her a bason of soup at a coffee-shop, we staid there half an hour. While she was drinking, I fell into a doze for a quarter of an hour, and when I awoke I missed my silk handkerchief from round my neck, and my tobacco-box and another handkerchief from my pocket - I saw her running out, ran after her about three hundred yards, took her, and gave her to the watchman - she ran out as soon as she saw me awake; she said she had none of my property; the watchman found the handkerchief and box - I had drank a little, but was more tired than drunk.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  DALLAS
               



            . I am the street-keeper. I was by the New Church in the Strand, and saw the prisoner run down from Newcastle-street, and run across; I followed her, hearing the cry of Watch! the prosecutor took hold of her, and charged her with robbing him of a handkerchief; she denied it, he was not drunk.


                  JOHN 
                  GRAY
               



            . I am a watchman. I followed her over the road through the wet, and found the handkerchief in the way she ran, and found the tobacco-box about fifty yards further on.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I took him to a gin-shop, then he wanted coffee, and as I would not take him home, he wanted to ill use me, and I ran away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
