






1398. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of July

, a watch, value 5 l., a seal, value 15 s., a key, value 4 s., and a gold ring, value 6 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Black
                        



                     
                  , from his person
            ; and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  M'CARTHY
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to be stolen
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  BLACK
               



            . I live with Lord Harborough - On the 25th of July, about half past seven o'clock in the morning I was at No. 50, Whitcomb-street



; I had lodged there that night with the prisoner Brown, in a one pair of stairs back room; there was but one bed in the room; I was not acquainted with her before; my master was out of town and I got into company with her in the Haymarket, between eleven and half past eleven o'clock the night before; I was sober, and had a silver watch with me, worth 5 l. or 6 l., with a ribbon, and gold ring seal, and key, worth 15 s. or 16 s. more. I am certain I had it when I went there; I awoke about half past seven, and she was gone, and my watch also, which I had put under the pillow. I did not see James M'Carthy till he was at Queen-square; I saw the watch on Tuesday morning; I made known my loss in the house; I did not know the prisoner's name at the time, but I have no doubt that she is the person; I cannot exactly swear it. I spoke to no other woman in the house but her, the door was locked inside when we went to bed.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. What time did you go there - A. About half-past eleven o'clock. I had nothing to eat nor drink there. I went to sleep soon after, and did not awake till half-past seven. I was sober enough - I had not had two pots of beer, nor any other liquor - I had had half a pint of ale; I was to sleep at my master's stable. I gave her 6 s. When I awoke the door was shut, but not locked, and she was gone. I cannot swear that the prisoner is the person I slept with.


                  MARY 
                  ANN WINSHIP
               



            . I live at No. 50, Whitcomb-street. The female prisoner did not live there. I had known her six months, and had seen her at the house several times. I saw her in the prosecutor's company on Sunday night, the 25th July. I am servant in the house. Mrs. Curry keeps the house. I showed them to a bed-room, and left them there. Brown went away about seven o'clock in the morning; I am quite sure she is the person who came with Black; - he went away about half-past seven o'clock, and complained of losing his watch. There was no other person in the house, and no one had been there from the time Brown went till Black complained of his loss. When he came in at night I saw the ribbon of his watch. There was no other person went in or out of the house from the time they came in at night till Brown went away the next morning.
Cross-examined. Q. What, are you servant of all work - A. Yes; there had been visitors in the house in the evening, before they came in. I sleep in the three-pair of stairs, and Mrs. Curry in the back parlour. I opened the house just before seven o'clock, and saw Brown go out. We shut up between eleven and twelve. There is no other door to the room. I have seen M'Carthy before, but not on that day. They have been to our house together before.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLASCOT
               



            . I am a watch and clockmaker, and live in Great Chapel-street, Westminster. About six o'clock on Monday afternoon, the 26th of July, M'Carthy offered me a valuable silver watch for sale; I do not think it had any appendages but a ribbon; he wanted five sovereigns for it; I told him I did not want it, and did not ask how he came by it. I have not the smallest doubt of his person; he was then in his regimental dress, as a drummer. I saw him in custody next morning, and was positive of him. I afterwards saw this watch at the Police-office, and have no doubt of its being the same.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Great Chapel-street, Westminster. On the 26th of July, at half-past eight o'clock in the evening, M'Carthy came to my shop, and gave my son a watch. My son asked me to look at it; I asked what he wanted; he said 3 l. I said whose property is it? he said it was his own. I said I knew it could not be his own, it was stolen property. I sent for an officer, and gave charge of him. The watch was produced at Queen-square, and sworn to by Black. It is worth seven guineas and a half, or 8 l.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  SAMUEL 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Tothill-street, Westminster. On the 26th of July I took in a seal in pawn for 7 s. of M'Carthy, about two o'clock. I have seen the prisoners together. They have often been in our shop.
HARRIOT FULLENER. I have a house in Fullner's-row, Westminster. The two prisoners lived in a room in my house together for about six weeks.


                  GEORGE 
                  POPLE
               



            . I am a constable. I took the woman on Tuesday morning, the 27th, and asked if she knew M'Carthy, the drummer; she said she did not. I asked where she lived; she said she would show me, and took me to several places. I searched her, and found twelve duplicates; one of them was for M'Carthy's Waterloo medal. I showed Brown to M'Carthy, and asked him if he knew her - they both said they did not know each other. She had a gown on, and when M'Carthy was searched at the Hoop and Grapes, public-house a piece of this gown was in his pocket, and in her box another.
BROWN'S Defence. I never saw the prosecutor on Sunday night at all.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
M'CARTHY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
