





1324. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of September
, a book, value 20 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Mason
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MASON
               



            . I lost a volume of Shakespeare's plays on the 21st of September; I was not at home; my shop is No. 120, Holborn


. I had seen it at one o'clock that day.


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am fourteen years of age, and am in the service of Mr. Mason. On the 21st of September I saw the prisoner in the shop; he asked for Dryden's Virgil; I showed him one at 3 s.: he wanted one more handsomely bound; he said he wanted it directly. When I turned my head to see what the price was, I saw his hand on this volume of Shakespeare; and when I turned again it was gone. I then said
"Please Sir, will you stop till I knock for the person next door to come in and mind the shop while I go round to our other house;" he was then going away. I caught hold of his coat, and said,
"Stop a bit;" he then knocked me down, and ran up Holborn.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Is it not a common thing to take books down and look at them - A. Yes. I never lost sight of him after he left the shop. I had seen a person standing outside when he put his hand on the book, but when he went out that person was gone. The prisoner was stopped at the top of King-street; no book was found upon him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODS
               



            . I live next door to Mr. Mason. On the 21st of September Smith knocked; I went in to mindthe shop, and saw the prisoner just coming out at the door; Smith had hold of his coat; the prisoner knocked him almost down; I caught him. Smith told me to tell Mr. Gray, my master, and the prisoner ran up the street.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the prisoner before he left the shop - A. Yes; but I lost sight of him afterwards.


                  THOMAS 
                  MOSES SALTER
               



            . I saw the prisoner on the 21st of September, in King-street, Holborn, running at a rapid rate. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw him strike a gentleman. I collared him; he resisted very much. There is a public-house near my shop, to which I took him, and he fought his way through the house to get out. I did not search him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GODFREY
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the prisoner, and found no book, but two sixpences in silver, and some halfpence upon him.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to the shop to buy the book I asked for; the lad showed me one unbound; I walked round the shop, and looked at several books; he then asked me to wait while he went to his master's house - I said I had to fetch the money, as I had not enough about me, and I would call again; he came close to me. I did not strike him. I went up Holborn, and began to run, as I was in haste to send the book off to the country at two o'clock, and it was then past one. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and went into a public-house to avoid the crowd. I never struck any one.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
