





1386. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of May
, 4 live ducks
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bray
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BRAY
               



            . I live at Chiswick


, and keep ducks
. On the 4th of May I saw four ducks and one drake safe at half-past nine o'clock in the evening, in a small shed which was bolted outside - at a quarter-past seven next morning I went to the nest where one of the ducks had been sitting, the eggs were then cold, and the ducks and drake were gone; I went down to the prisoner's boat on the river Thames, in about three hours, he was in the boat alone - it was about three or four hundred yards from my place; I said, "Harris, you robbed me last night;" he said, "Bray, I have not;" I looked into his boat, and saw some feathers in a place called the well; I asked how they came there - he said a lady gave him a bantum fowl and he pulled some of the feathers off - I put my hand into the well and found a duck's foot; I said, "Is this a bantum's foot?" he made no answer - I got a warrant, and found my ducks in the cupboard of the boat.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do not you know his boat had been unmoored and carried some distance? A. No; I left a man to watch him while I went for a warrant - I did not get into the boat the first time, I only stood by the side of it; the officer was with me when the ducks were found.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SNELL
               



            . I am a constable of Chiswick. I went with Mr. Bray to the prisoner's boat to execute the warrant - I found the ducks in the cupboard and the feathers in the well.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the boat by myself for two hours, while he was gone for an officer.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
