





1429. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MISSEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of June
, 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Nias
               




            .


                  RICHARD 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I work for Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Nias
               



            , son of Mr. Joseph Nias. On the 17th of June I was at work opposite Mr. Joseph Nias' house; between twelve and one o'clock, a woman called to me, and said, she had seen a person go in at the window; I looked and saw the prisoner coming out of the window with a bundle of shavings - I went up to him, and called to him, to stop, but he ran away towards the gate; I pursued him - he ran round the back road; I came to the bridge at theRosemary Branch, and cried, Stop thief! he was stopped by two officers who were going along; I did not search him - these tongs were found in the garden.


                  AMELIA 
                  NIAS
               



            . I am the daughter of Joseph Nias. On the 17th of June, there was a noise - I went to the door and heard some person had been there, and run away; I had seen these tongs safe in the parlour which the prisoner got out of about ten minutes before.


                  SARAH 
                  CLARK
               



            . I was at the adjoining house, and saw the prisoner get in at the window; I gave an alarm to Thompson, and he was pursued - he ran through the garden where these tongs were found.


                  SOPHIA 
                  HAZLE
               



            . I was in my own house between twelve and one o'clock; I saw a man running fast - I went out and saw some people looking about; they said, some person had been into the house and taken a pair of tongs - I found these tongs in the garden.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
