





431. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MACNAIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Noble
                        




                     
                  , one round frock, value 2 s.; one handkerchief, value 6 d.; one pocket-book, value 2 d., and four 1 l. Bank notes, his property
            .


                  JAMES 
                  NOBLE
               



            . On the 12th of January, I had been to receive my pension at Chelsea, and went with an old friend to a public-house in Royal Hospital-row - remained there till five o'clock; and was then going home with my basket on my shoulder, the prisoner overtook me in Sloane-street. I did not walk very steady." He asked how far I was going; I said,
"To Edgware-road. He asked if I had been at Chelsea; I said,
"Yes." He said he would carry my basket and bundle, and see me safe through Hyde Park; and when I came to Knightsbridge, we went into the White Hart. He said, he would take off his watchman's coat, as he was rather behind time, and did not wish to be known - he had a glass of rum, and I gave him 1 s.; and when we got to Hyde Park gate


, I said,
"Watchman, I shall get home safe now, I will have a coach." He called one; and while I was speaking to the coachman, I turned round to ask the prisoner for my basket and bundle, and he was gone with them. I then felt in my coat pocket, and missed my pocket-book, which contained four 1 l. notes - the other things were in my bundle. I went to the watch-house and gave information.


                  RICHARD 
                  COATES
               



            . The prisoner was one of our watchmen
 at Mary-le-bone. Noble gave information of the robbery. The prisoner was beyond his time, and we noticed him to come in with a basket - we sent Noble to look at him - he said he was the man, and in his watch-box - I found the prosecutor's handkerchief and a piece of mutton; I found the pocket-book behind his box, emptied of the notes; and in another part of his box, I found the four 1 l. notes, He had the smock-frock on, under his watch-coat.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met this man - he was very much in liquor - he gave me the basket and smock-frock; and at the bottom of Oxford-street, I offered him the basket, but he would not take it - he said, the servants of the watch-house were friends of his; and while he was arguing with the coachman, I was afraid of losing my place, it being late, and so I took the basket to my watch-box, and it being cold, I put the smock-frock on.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
