





973. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of March
, a watch, value 40 s.; a seal, value 1 s.; a key, value 3 d., and a piece of ribbon, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Johnson
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am the wife of William Johnson; we live in Upper Chapman-street, St. George's in the East


. On the 16th of March the house next door was to let; the prisoner called about it - I gave him the key; he returned in five minutes, and said it would not suit him; he at last came into my back room, where the watch laid on the mantel-piece; I went into the shop for a minute to serve a witness with some beer; I looked at the watch when he came in, and it was half-past three o'clock: when I returned he agreed to take my house, which was also to let, and afterwards went away. I missed my watch in a minute, and flew out, but he was gone - I am sure he is the man. I have not seen it since, and do not know its value.


                  CATHERINE 
                  JENKINS
               



            . I went into Johnson's shop for a person who was not there; the prisoner came in while I was there, and asked about the next house; I am sure he is the man: I asked Mrs. Johnson the time - she said it was half-past three.


                  JOHN 
                  BLADES
               



            . I am a yeoman of this Court, and live two doors from Johnson. I saw the prisoner in her house, and am certain he is the man - he looked particularly hard at me.


                  THOMAS 
                  DREW
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner from the prosecutrix's description.
Prisoner's Defence. It is correct about my taking the house, but I never saw the watch.




               GUILTY. Aged 41. Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
