





1706. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 7th of August
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Manley 
                     Gerrish
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  GERRISH
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Manley Gerrish
               



            . On the 7th of August I had this handkerchief to wash for a gentleman; I missed it about two o'clock in the afternoon, from the end of a table in my room: I had seen it a few minutes before - the prisoner had brought some bread to my house that day; I went up stairs, and when I returned he stood with his back to the table.


                  JOHN 
                  MANLEY GERRISH
               



            . I went next morning with an officer to a house, and found the prisoner in bed with a young woman; I told him about the handkerchief; he asked if I had any children to take it away; I told him No, and he had better give it up, as my wife would lose the family washing: I then gave charge of him, and, as we went along, he said it was pawned, and he had thrown away the duplicate, but the officer found it on the witness.


                  EDMUND 
                  GROVER
               



            . On the morning the prisoner of him; I taken, I bought the duplicate of a handkerchief of him; I sent my wife to the pawnbroker's, and she brought back this handkerchief; I put it on my neck; the officer and Mr. Gerrish came and claimed it.


                  RICHARD 
                  CONSTANTINE
               



            . I am an officer, and apprehended the prisoner; he at first said he had not taken it; we then went to a public-house; some people there said to him, "Why don't you tell the truth? the poor woman will lose her washing:" he then took me to the pawnbroker, who said he was the man who pawned it; he then told me who he had sold the duplicate to.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
