






182. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HOWSELL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  JONES
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of November
, 4 cheeses, value 13s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Southcomb
                  




               
            .
JAMES JOSLER. I am a Bow-street patrol. On Wednesday evening, about eight o'clock, I was at Stoke Newington, and met Howsell with a cheese tied up in this apron, under his arm - I asked what he had got; he said a Gloucestester cheese, and he had brought it from up above; I asked the name of the place - he said he got it of a man with a donkey, for threepairs of shoes; I asked the value of the shoes - he said 5s. 6d. a pair; I said he must go to the watch-house.



                  CHARLES 
                  WALLER
               



            . I was with Josler, but know no more.
SARAH SOUTHCOMB. I am the wife of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Southcomb
               



            . We lost this cheese and four Dutch cheeses on Wednesday evening, the 25th of November; I know nothing of the prisoners, and did not miss the cheeses till the officer brought them - I can swear to this Gloucester cheese, and one of the Dutch ones.
JOHN CALLOW. I am a watchman. I was in Kingsland-road - I saw Jones and another coming along, about half-past seven o'clock on the Wednesday evening - I asked Jones what he had got; he said Nothing: I said, "You have?" he then said his companion gave it him, and gave him 1s. for carrying it, and his companion had got two more; I gave Jones in charge, and pursued the other man- he threw down these two cheeses and this pair of shoes; he got away, and I took the property - this cheese I found on Jones.


                  JOHN 
                  ELSON
               



            . I received Jones from Callow.
Howsell's Defence. I was going to seek for work, and had three pairs of shoes; I met a man with a donkey, who had this cheese and several others with him - I asked if he would buy a pair of shoes; he said he had no money, but if I liked he would have the shoes for this cheese.
Jones' Defence. I was coming along, and saw a man with these cheeses - he asked where I came from; I said Manchester, and I was a weaver - he asked me to carry this cheese, and said he would give me 1s. and something to drink; when the watchman came I said I had the cheese of that gentleman - he could not see him; I said, "That is he;" he told me to shout after him - I did so, and he pursued him.
HOWSELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
