





51. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of April
, one coat, value 3 l., and one waistcoat, value 15 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Garritt
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Richard 
                        Whiting
                     



.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GARRITT
               



            . I am a painter
 and glazier
. In April last, I lodged at Mr. Whiting's, Elm-street, Gray's Inn-lane


, the prisoner lived in the same room. On the evening of the 17th of April, I went to my box, and found it locked as usual, he had slept there the night before. On opening it I missed a coat and waistcoat and some money, I saw them safe the night before. I expected him to sleep there the next night, but he never returned to the lodging. He had a small box in the room, which he kept locked. I saw Mrs. Whiting break it open about six weeks after, and found a duplicate of my property. The coat cost me 4 l. 5 s., and was nearly new, I had only worn it about three weeks. There was only an old shirt and some stockings in his box.


                  ELIZA 
                  WHITING
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Whiting
               



            , who keeps the house. The prosecutor and the prisoner lodged in the same room, the prisoner was there last on the day the prosecutor missed his things, about ten o'clock in the morning. I did not know he was going to leave, he paid me for his lodging, and gave me to understand he was going to stop. I did not see him again till he was in custody, which was about the 17th of November. He had left his box in the room, locked. About five or six weeks after I took it to the ironmongers, they had no instrument that would open it - it was in the same state as when he left it. I at last broke it open in the prosecutor's presence, and found two old shirts, a pair of stockings, and a duplicate of a coat and waistcoat. It was his Sunday great coat and nearly new.


                  JAMES 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I am a constable of St. Giles's. I apprehended the prisoner in Crown-street, Soho, on the 12th of November, and found several duplicates on him. I told him I took him for robbing a young man whom he lodged with. He said he had committed the robbery - was sorry for it, and did it through distress.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to Barnet, to see my sister,and at Hadley I was engaged to fill a young man's place who was ill. I wrote a note by the Barnet coach to say it was uncertain when I should return; and just as I came to town I was apprehended. I lived with Mrs. Keath, the widow of the late rector of Barnes. Three other men lodged in the same room.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GARRITT
               



            . Nobody lodged in the same room, one slept in the next room, whose cousin caused him to be apprehended.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
