





1090. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PARKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of June
, one frock, value 3 s., one tippet, value 1 s., one petticoat, value 3 s., one shift, value 3 d., one pair of stockings, value 3 d., and one pinafore, value 2 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Christopher 
                           Brathwaite
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Martha 
                           Brathwaite
                        



.


                  EPHRAIM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a carman, and live at North-green. On the 8th of June, about ten o'clock at night, I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running up Paradise-street with a bundle tied in a red handkerchief - I followed and stopped him - he threw it away.


                  THOMAS 
                  PINKERTON
               



            . I live in Tabernacle-walk. Just before ten o'clock, I was shutting up my shop, heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running; I made towards him, and at the end of the street I saw Smith stop him - he threw the bundle away, and I picked it up.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BRATHWAITE
               



            . I sent my daughter Martha out with this bundle, about half-past nine o'clock, to sleep at her aunt's; I went part of the way with her, and left her about a quarter to ten o'clock. My husband's name is Christopher.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  MARTHA 
                  BRATHWAITE
               



             being questioned, appeared not to understand the nature of an oath, and was not examined.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming along, and an old lady asked me to run after the thief; he dropped the bundle, and they took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
