






1324. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE WILLIAM 
                     LEWIS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of October
, one handkerchief, value 2 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Larbalesher
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  LARBALESHER
               



            . On Monday last, between twelve and one o'clock at night, I was at the corner of Hatton-garden


, coming home with my wife, several people passed near me, I felt and missed my handkerchief, and saw the prisoner Lewis give it to a woman. I took him and the woman. Moore came up and said, "What have you to do with this woman, she has nothing of yours." I called the watch and took Moore too as an accomplice; he endeavoured to escape, but I pursued and took him. I do not know what became of the woman. I am sure I saw it in Lewis's hand.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  RUSHBROOK
               



            . I was parting from a few friends at the corner of Hatton-garden. I heard a bustle, and saw Moore lay hold of the prosecutor, and say "What have you to do with this woman, she has no handkerchief of yours." The prosecutor took him, the woman escaped with the handkerchief.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARTLET
               



            . The prisoners were given in my charge.
LEWIS'S Defence. I was out of employ and was distressed, my parents having a large family I did not like to live on them, which caused me to keep late hours. I humbly implore mercy.
MORRIS'S Defence. I got intoxicated and shoved one of these gentlemen, but what else I did I cannot say. I was in the woman's company.
LEWIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
MORRIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
