






770. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     KING
                  




               
             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HOWARD
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of March
, 14 lbs of lead, value 4 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Hellyer
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be fixed to a building of his.


                  JAMES 
                  HELLYER
               



            . I have the lease of a house in Little Collingwood-street, Bethnal-green


. I gave the key to Mr. Wilmin to let it. On the 16th of March the prisoner King came and said he had looked at it, and asked if Iwould take 3 s. a-week. I said, No - he said he would have it. I told him to get the key of Wilmin.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WILMIN
               



            . I let the house to King at 3 s. 6 d. a-week. On Tuesday the 16th both the prisoners came to me for the key - I live next door to the house. I gave the key to King - he never brought anything in. I did not see him again till the Friday following, about three o'clock, when I looked through the key-hole and saw them both on their knees, pulling up the floor and earth which covered the pipe. I went and told Hellyer, and in an hour looked through again, and saw them pulling up the pipe. We got an officer, went into the house, and found one up-stairs and the other below, and the water-pipe was up-stairs, tied in one of their aprons.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FORSTER
               



            . I am an officer. I was fetched to the house, got over the paling, broke the back door open, went in, and King ran to the front door - Dalton secured him. I found Howard up-stairs - he said he knew nothing about it. I found the pipe in a cupboard tied up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DALTON
               



            . I took King. He said there was nothing in the house to injure him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
KING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
HOWARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
