





1464. 
               
                  ISAAC 
                  SOLOMONS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of June
, 1 watch, value 26s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Smith
                     




                  , from his person
            .
GEORGE SMITH. On the 25th of June I was in Sun-street, Bishopsgate


, facing Long-alley; there was a Benefit society coming along - I waited a minute for them to pass; I saw the prisoner at my left hand; he then came right in front of me, bent forward, and pushed me into the crowd; I had no power to do any thing; I felt my watch drawn from my fob; he turned his head and bolted across the road - a waggon stopped him - I called out, "You have robbed me of my watch;" he said, "I have not;" the officer came up and took him into a public-house; I have not found my watch; when we were at the office he offered to pay me 5s. a-week to make up for the watch; I said I should go before the Justice.
COURT. Q. Where was he in the crowd? A. He stood just on my left-hand - he stood very quiet for a minnute, then came and stood in front of me, with his back towards me, bent himself and pushed me into the road - I could not move or stir; I had an umbrella; and his back was towards me. He pushed me intentionally; there was no occasion for it; I felt my watch go at the moment he pushed against me, he then turned round - I caught hold of his tail as he crossed the road, and a waggon came by.


                  GEORGE 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am an officer. I was looking at the band. I heard the prosecutor cry, "My watch!" he had hold of the prisoner's coat-tail. I ran up and collared him - he had a large handkerchief flying in his hand; I took him, but found nothing on him - he said he had lived many years with Mr. Solomon, about Petticoat-lane, and had been to Peerless-pool to bathe - we were some time at Worship-street; another witness there, stated that she had seen him take the watch and give it to another person - but she says she will not come here till the prosecutor pays her expences. I summoned her; she afterwards said it was only hearsay. The prosecutor said the prisoner had offered him 5s. a week.
Q. You say in your deposition, "The prosecutor stated to me part of what he has now said, but did not mention the 5s. a week?" A. I said it because he had not said so the first time, he had stated it when I was examined - he mentioned it to me before he went in to the Magistrate.
Prisoner's Defence. When I had my back to him, howcould I take the watch from him. I am no relation to Ikey Solomon and trust my name will not prejudice me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
