





TENTH DAY, MONDAY, APRIL 25.
611. 
               
                  
                     CHRISTOPHER 
                     PRICE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of March
, four 1 l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Carter
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  CARTER
               



            . I live at Dodd's-place, Rotherhithe,and am a coal whipper
. On the 27th of March, about half-past six o'clock in the morning - I had been out all night - I was attending to my business till half-past one o'clock, and fell in company with the prisoner at the Bunch of Grapes, public-house, in Ratliff-highway. There were three or four in company. I had four 1 l. notes and 20 s. in silver, in my breeches pocket. The prisoner was in company with the man who robbed me. We sat on a bench before the fire. I remained there until four o'clock. I was sober. We went from there to the Newcastle coffee-house, Billingsgate. My money was safe when I was at Billingsgate. There were three men in company - the prisoner and the man who robbed me, and a woman. We stopped there till half-past five o'clock, and went from thence to Whitechapel. I paid for four pots of beer for the prisoner, as his share - he had no change, and said he could get change at Whitechapel. We all four went together to a coffee-shop, in Wentworth-street - the master refused to serve us. We left the house altogether, and went to the Compasses, in Brick-lane


. We staid in the tap-room, and had a pot of porter together. I wished the prisoner to get change, and pay me what I had laid out for him. He said he could not, but he thought I could give him change for a 1 l. note. To satisfy him, I pulled out my silver and four 1 l. notes with it. The other man snatched the notes, and ran away. I ran after the other man - the prisoner followed, and tripped me up in the street, when I was close to the other man. I should have caught him if it had not been for him. They then both ran away together - but Reynolds stopped him. I was quite sober. The woman remained in the tap-room.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. You were not intoxicated - A. No. We had seven pots of beer at Ratcliff-highway, three at the next place, and one at the last. The woman was tipsy. I am sure the prisoner tripped me up. I perceived him kick my heel up sideways. I am in the habit of drinking a great deal.


                  THOMAS 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am a constable of Spitalfields. I saw the prisoner running past my house, and the prosecutor following him. A man was running on the other side of the way. I secured the prisoner. The prosecutor said he was one of the men who robbed him. I found no money on him.


                  JOHN 
                  BARRY
               



            . I am an officer. I was in Wentworth-street between five and six o'clock in the morning, and saw the prisoner, prosecutor, and another man, and a woman go into the coffee-shop. When they came out I watched them into the Compasses, and saw the prisoner and another man come running down Wentworth-street. I waited there till they came back to the Compasses again. Every thing appeared quiet, and I left. I afterwards found the prisoner, and asked what he had done with the note he wanted the prosecutor to change. He said he supposed he had lost it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
