











2154. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  WILLIAMS
               




            , 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  CREEMAN
               




            , 
               
                  JORDAN 
                  HENRY
               



            , 
               
                  JOHN 
                  TAYLOR
               



            , and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  PAIN
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of September

, 1 packing-tilt, value 6d.; 4 saws, value 25s.; 2 saw-pads, value 3s.; 8 planes, value 20s.; 1 plough, value 18s.; 6 plane-irons, value 4s.; 15 chisels, value 9s.; 1 stock, value 7s.; 10 bits, value 5s.; 1 iron bevil, value 1s. 6d.; 2 squares, value 5s.; 1 bed-wrench, value 1s. 6d.; 3 guages, value 7s.; 4 gimblets, value 6d., and 3 brad-awls, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Lake
               



            ; and 
               
                  ELIZABETH
                  
                  WILLIAMS
               




             and 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  CHAPMAN
               



             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing them to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOTT
               



            . I am a carpenter, and live in Queen-street, Grosvenor-square



. On the 30th of September, I left these tools in my shop, at two o'clock - the men were then at work there; I returned at eight, and found the door open, some tools gone, and the rest scattered about the place; Pye's chest was broken open; the prisoner Henry had been in my employ for seven years, but left me about two months - I know nothing of the others; more tools were taken than one person could carry.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PYE
               



            . I work for Mr. Bott. About a quarter before six o'clock in the afternoon, I left the premises safe; I was the last person there - I fastened the door in the usual way; my chest was locked - the other tools were in their places; next morning a quantity were missing - four of the men had left with me.
DANIEL LAKE. I am in Mr. Bott's employ. I lost all these tools on the 30th of September - most of them are here.


                  JOHN 
                  NEWTON RADCLYFFE
               



            . I am a coach-smith, and live nearly opposite to Bott. On the evening of the 30th of September, a few minutes before eight o'clock, I saw Thomas Williams come out of the shop, and run away from the door - there was a light in the shop, but I saw no other person; my son came down the street; I went in doors with him - I am certain of William's person; I had seen most of the prisoners about there for two or three days.
Prisoner THOMAS WILLIAMS. Q. What dress had I? A. A dark dress.


                  ALFRED 
                  RADCLYFFE
               



            . I live with my father. On the night of the robbery, I saw Pain go into the shop a few minutes after eight o'clock; he knocked or rang - a person came with a light, and let him in - he was dressed as a sweep; I am certain of his person.


                  GEORGE 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in High-street, St. Giles's. I have a plane pawned on the 1st of October, in the name of William Smith - I think by Thomas Williams, but am not certain.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARCHANT
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Hedges, a pawnbroker, of Drury-lane. I have two saws pawned by Creeman, on the 1st of October.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PERRYMAN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Gunton-street. I have a stock and nine bits, pawned on the 1st of October, by Creeman, I believe.


                  RICHARD 
                  RINGHAN
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Page, a pawnbroker, of Long-acre. I have two saws, pawned on the 1st of October by Creaman, I think, but cannot swear to him.


                  CHARLES 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 1st of October, I went to No. 5, Perkin's-rents, Westminster, with another officer, and found Thomas Williams, Creeman, Henry, Taylor, and Elizabeth Williams, all in the room, and a quantity of carpenters' tools about the room; Creeman sat in a chair near the window, examining this saw, I asked how these tools came there; they all said they knew nothing about them - Elizabeth Williams was sitting up in bed sewing something; Taylor was in bed with her - I asked her who the room belonged to - she said to her, that she had taken it the day before; I asked if she could not give some account of the tools, or how they came there; she said she could not, as they came in the night before, while she was out - I asked how they came there; she said they were brought there - I asked if she locked the door; she said she had - I said "Was your place broken open, then?" she said she supposed it might be so - I examined the door, it had not been broken; she then said she had left the key with an Irish girl, but did not remember her name - I looked round the room, and saw Henry on a chair, and a jacket was at the back of his chair; I found a great coat hung up at the window as a curtain - I told Elizabeth Williams to get up; she said the Irish girl was out, and had got her shawl and shoes - I went to the door, and saw Chapman at a distance, she had the shawl and shoes on - I brought her in; she said she had the care of the place last night, while Elizabeth Williams was out, and that at eleven o'clock she went to Williams again with the key of the door - I searched further, and in Thomas Williams's hat I found a flannel jacket, and on the table a crooked nail, which I tried to the door of the workshop - it opens it very well; I heard Thomas Williams say at the office, that he was not seen at eight o'clock at night at the place, for he had all the property in a coach at Westminster by eight, and that none of the other prisoners had any thing to do with it - after the examination he told me where the things were pawned, and I found them; I had applied to some of the pawnbrokers before, and am sorry to say they denied having the things.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  DANIEL 
                  DAWKINS
               



            . I went with Cooper - his account is correct; I found this basket under the bed, and these tools in it.
DANIEL LAKE. These saws, bits, irons, and other tools are mine.


                  JAMES 
                  RILEY
               



            . This coat is mine - I had left it safe in the shop.
THOMAS WILLIAMS' Defence. I was passing the shop, and saw no one - I took out a nail, and opened the door; took as many tools as I could, and gave a boy 6d. to carry them to a coach - next morning I pawned several of them; the other prisoners knew nothing about it - I asked Creeman to breakfast with me; I know nothing of the other prisoners.
HENRY'S Defence. Taylor was taken ill, and sent for me.
TAYLOR'S Defence. I was taken ill, and went to lay down in this woman's room - I sent for Henry, to tell my parents; he had not been in the room ten minutes, when the officer came.
T. WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
CREEMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
PAIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
E. WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 16.







               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There were four other indictments against the prisoners.
HENRY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
TAYLOR - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
CHAPMAN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
