





42. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ATKINSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of November
, a bag, value 1 s.; a coat, value 30 s.; three pair of trowsers, value 24 s.; three waistcoats, value 14 s.; four shirts, value 16 s.; three neckerchiefs, value 1 s. 6 d.; a razor-case, value 6 d.; two razors, value 3 s. 6 d.; a razor-strop, valu 2 s. 6 d.; two brushes, value 1 s.; four pair stockings, value 4 s.; three night-caps, value 1 s. 6 d.; one pair drawers, value 2 s.; one pair shoes, value 5 s.;four books, value 12 s.; a watch, value 34 s.; a ribbon, value 1 d.; and one seal, value 5 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert Allen 
                     Mitchell
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  ALLEN MITCHELL
               



            . I lodge in the King's Arms yard, Coleman-street. I put the articles stated in the indictment into a bag, and sent them by coach to the Spread Eagle, Gracechurch-street, to be left till called for. I walked to town. The watch was in my pocket - I met the prisoner in my way to town. I arrived on the 1st November, and stopped at the Cherry-tree, Kingsland-road, for him, as I had given him my watch to sell for me, and he had gone away with the money. When I got to the Spread Eagle, the bag was gone - the prisoner was taken next day. I had told him I had sent my property there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PENNY
               



            . I am book-keeper at the Spread Eagle; this bag came by the Lincoln coach, directed to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Mitchell
               



            , to be left till called for, about the 28th of November. On the 1st of November, just as the Lincoln coach came in, the prisoner came and asked for a bag directed to 
               
                  Robert 
                  Mitchell
               



            , to be left till called for. he paid 2 s. 8 d. for the carriage, and it was delivered to him. Mitchell came for it about ten minutes before ten o'clock that night; I told him it was delivered. I saw the prisoner at the office next morning, and am certain he is the person.
Q. Did you, or another person, deliver me the bag - A. I did myself, and took the 2 s. 8 d.


                  HENRY 
                  MAGNAS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 2d of November, about ten o'clock in the morning, I apprehended the prisoner in Bishopsgate-street; the porter of the inn was with me; I told him I took him for stealing some clothes from the Spread Eagle; he denied the charge. I took him up the yard, and Penny identified him as the person who received the property. I found a waistcoat on his person, with Mitchell's name at full length on it, also a pair of stockings, neck and pocket handkerchiefs, with his initials, and 14 s. 6 d. in cash He denied having any property when I searched him. I have found nothing else.


                  WALTER 
                  BARWELL
               



            . I am porter at the Spread Eagle; I did not see the prisoner there, but apprehended him on Saturday morning, in consequence of information, and saw the clothes taken from him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner made a long defence, and stated that he was discharged from the 33d regiment, and fell in company with the prosecutor about six miles from Peterborough, who persuaded him to accompany him to town, instead of going to Cambridge, which he intended, and promised to pay his expenses; but the prosecutor not being able to walk so well, he (the prisoner) told him where to find him in town, and came on; the prosecutor having lent him the waistcoat, shirt, stockings and handkerchief to appear decent when he got to town.


                  ROBERT 
                  ALLEN MITCHELL
               



            . I never gave him leave to wear the things, they were in my bag.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
