






24. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of November
, a handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Godfrey
                     




                  , from his person
            .
CHARLES GODFREY. I am a musician
, and live in Buckingham-street, Pimlico. On the 10th of November, about two o'clock in the day, I was in the Strand


, going towards Charing-cross, and felt something pulling at my coat pocket, and immediately missed my pocket handkerchief, which I had used two or three minutes before; I turned to my left, and saw the prisoner crossing the road, and followed him, because I thought his step seemed rather hurried. I collared him, and charged him with having stolen the handkerchief - he denied it, but I saw him shuffling at his left hand inside coat pocket, and insisted on knowing what he had there; I pulled his hand out, and the handkerchief was in it. I was taking him to the watch-house when the constable came up.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  RYAN
               



            . I am a clerk, and live in Ball-court, Giltspur-street. I was proceeding along the Strand, when my attention was directed to the prisoner and another person, making an attempt at Mr. Godfrey's pocket. I was on the opposite side of the way, and was about to proceed across to inform Mr. Godfrey of it, when I saw the prisoner crossing with the handkerchief in his hand. Mr. Godfrey turned round, followed, and collared the prisoner in the middle of the road. I saw the handkerchief found in his hand, which was drawn from behind his coat.


                  HENRY 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I saw the prisoner in custody, and took charge of him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. As I was passing down the Strand I saw the handkerchief on the pavement, when Mr. Godfrey came up to me, and asked if I had a handkerchief - I said, "Yes, here it is," and gave it to him.
One witness gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
