








1878. 
               
                  ANN 
                  WALKER
               



            , 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  RANDALL
               




            , 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  WOOLER
               



            , and 
               
                  MARY 
                  SMITH
               



            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of August
, 8 pieces of cloth, value 12s., the goods of 
                     
                        Abraham James 
                        Scrivens
                     



                  ; and 2 shillings and 1 1/2d., the monies of 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Carne
                     



                  , from her person
            .
ANN CARNE. I am a widow and keep a patten-shop

 in Grub-street. On the 16th of August I went to Mr. Scrivens's in Golden-lane, and got some cloth to cut into trousers, and received 3s. 2d. for some work; I went to three wine-vaults, and had some gin at each; I then got a stone bottle with gin in it for my sister; I felt a giddiness, and sat down on the step of a door with my bundle and the stone bottle - I had two shillings and three half-pence left; I knew nothing more till about one o'clock in the morning - I found myself in the watch-house; I fell down in the watch-house, my bundle and money was missing; I lodged at the same house as the prisoner Smith - I have not found my cloth.


                  JANE 
                  SCRIVENS
               



            . I gave the prosecutrix the cloth and 3s. 2d.


                  WINIFRED 
                  COX
               



            . I live in Whitecross-street


. On Saturday, the 16th of August, I saw Carne sitting on a step opposite, with a bundle; she appeared very drunk - I saw three of the prisoners go up and speak to her as if they knew her; Walker took up the bundle, and said she would go and fetch her sister Mary - she walked off; Randall and Wooler followed her; they kept together and went into a house - and came out again and went into a pawnbroker's in Golden-lane; they brought the bundle out; I followed them to a private house in Red Lionmarket.
Prisoner WALKER. Q. Did you see anybody strike me and take the bundle from me? A. No, you stood outside the pawnbroker's.


                  ELEANOR 
                  CASEY
               



            . I am the wife of James Casey, and live in Elizabeth-court. On the 16th of August I told Cox I saw the three prisoners coming down Whitecross-street - the prosecutrix sat on the step of a door with a bundle and bottle - I told Cox to watch them; I staid at my stall, and saw Walker with the bundle; Smith was standing by the prosecutrix when the others were gone - she only put her up against the door, because she was in liquor - I said to Smith "You have got her money" - she said, "I have, it is in my hand, and I will take care of it for her."


                  MARY 
                  DUDGEON
               



            . On Saturday, the 16th of August, I saw Carn sitting on a step drunk - Smith put her hand into her pocket and took out some money - she shewed it to the people, and said she would take care of it for her.
Prisoner SMITH. Q. Did I do it in any clandestine way? A. Oh, no.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a headborough. I apprehended Randall, who said the bundle had been sold; the others were brought to me afterwards.
WALKER's Defence. I was taken the day it happened; Scrivens came to Guildhall and said he had got the property; Randall took the bundle - I ran away and would have nothing to do with it.
RANDALL's Defence. Walker took the bundle and bottle - she went to try to sell it but could not - I then took it to a pawnbroker's - such a dread came over me I came out, and said they would not have it; I gave it to Walker - Wooler struck her and took it from her.
SMITH's Defence. I had taken the prosecutrix home drunk on the Saturday before; I saw her again in the same state; I took out her money to take care of it; I did not intend to steal it.
WALKER - GUILTY. Aged 30.
Of 


               stealing but not from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
RANDALL and others 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
