






1373. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MURREL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DAVIS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of September
, a piece of printed cotton, containing twenty-five yards, value 23 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Fenwick
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Evans
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  FENWICK
               



            . I am a linen-draper

, and am in partnership with 
               
                  Edward 
                  Evans
               



            ; we live in Whitechapel-road


. On the 30th of September, this piece of printed cotton was on a form in the front part of the shop, with about one hundred pieces more. I did not see it taken.


                  JAMES 
                  ROWLEY
               



            . I am a ham and tongue dealer, and live next door to Mr. Fenwick's. I saw the two prisoners near the door about a quarter before nine o'clockthat morning in company with two others. I watched them, and saw Murrell in the act of wrapping up the piece of print under his apron. I did not see Davis at that time, but I had seen him a quarter of an hour before. I let Murrell run about thirty yards, and then pursued - he dropped the print. I followed him and took him - there was another with him, but I could not identify him - he got away; a strange woman picked up the print.


                  ADAM 
                  RANWELL
               



            . I am shopman to the prosecutor's. I put this print at the door about a quarter of an hour before it was taken; the prisoner Davis came and asked the price of a handkerchief. and said it was too dear - this was about two minutes before Mr. Rowley brought back Murrell - I was hanging some goods up at the time; the piece of cotton brought back by Mr. Rowley, was the piece that had been in the shop.


                  SAMUEL 
                  GILES
               



            . I am a constable. I and Curtis were in Whitechapel. I saw Davis going along on the other side of the way, at a very quick pace, about three hundred yards from the shop - Murrell was then detained in the shop; we stopped Davis - he was very saucy, and said he would bring an action against my partner. Ranwell spoke to his having been at the shop.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
DAVIS'S Defence. As I was going up Whitechapel on an errand, I asked the price of a handkerchief, and the two gentlemen stopped me.
MURRELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DAVIS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
