






NINTH DAY, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 15.
144. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     MEYERS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EMANUEL 
                     LYONS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November
, from the person of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Benton
                        




                     
                  , one tobacco-box, value 10 d.; one pocket-book, value 6 d.; the sum of 19 s. 5 d. in monies numbered, and two 1 l. Bank notes, his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BENTON
               



            . I live in Silk-street, Cripplegate. On the 24th of November, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was coming home, and met a young girl in Wentworth-street; she took me to a house in George-yard


. I had two 1 l. Bank notes in a pocket-book, in my side pocket, and 20 s. in silver. I went to a room on the first floor; I saw Myers in a lower room. I gave the girl 1 s., and she fetched some gin; a woman came up, and asked what business I had in the room, and demanded 2 s. I was going down stairs, when four or five women came to me, Myers was one, they threw me down on the floor, held my hands, and began to rifle my pockets; I told the women, I would give them 3 s. if they would not ill treat me; they took away my pocket-book, and left me in the room alone, my tobacco-box was safe then. I was afraid to leave the room, but intended to call the first watchman I heard. In about ten minutes the prisoner Lyons, and four men came into the room, and were going to throw me down stairs, Lyons brought back my pocket-book and put it into my pocket without the money. They said,
"D - n his eyes, throw him down stairs." They again rifled my pocket, they took out my tobacco-box, and 5 d. in copper, and then handed me down stairs. I opened my pocket-book before them, they told me to make haste down or they would break my neck. I went and found Plunket in half an hour, and took him there. We found the door shut, and a padlock on it - we found Myers in the house about nine o'clock at night. The officer took Lyons about a week after. I am sure of him.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODERICK. Q. Was it not a fortnight before you saw him - A. Only a week. I went to take a cup of tea, and not for improper purposes. I was sober.


                  JOHN 
                  PARTRIDGE
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutor came to me about nine o'clock, and said he had been robbed by five girls, and four or five men. He took me to the house. I found Myers there - her sister keeps the house. He said she was one. I found nothing on her.


                  RICHARD 
                  PLUNKET
               



            . I am a night beadle. The prosecutor came to me between eight and nine o'clock, and took me to the house - he gave me the same account as he has here. I found the door padlocked. From his description of the man I knew it to be Lyons, and took him on the Friday following. The prosecutor saw him next day, and said he was certain of him.
MYERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
LYONS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
