





860. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BATEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of April
, a handkerchief, value 3 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Slark
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SLARK
               



            . On the 22d of April I got on one of the Clapton stages


, at the Flower-pot public-house, Bishopsgate-street. After going some distance, I saw the prisoner hanging behind, and I told him to get down, but he spoke very civil, and I did not press the subject; and when we came near Holywell-lane


, I felt a plunge at my pocket, and I felt and found my handker- safe; I then insisted upon his getting down. I felt another plunge at my pocket, and he got down. I immediately jumped off the coach and pursued him; I never lost sight of him; I did not find the handkerchief on him, but he had ran through a number of girls of the town, who were standing there.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not see the handkerchief taken from your pocket - A. No; but to the best of my belief I saw him grasp one when he was down; his civility threw me off my guard.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BIRCH
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for about twenty minutes after nine o'clock - I searched the prisoner, but did not find the handkerchief - he told me his name was 
               
                  William 
                  Sanders
               



            , but I found the name of Bateman on his tobacco-box, I went to the office and asked if he had not given a false name, and he confessed that his name was Bateman.
GUILTY. Aged 18.




               Recommended to Mercy
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
