






97. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WATTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of November
, eleven live pigs, price 20 l.
            , the goods of the Honourable


                     William Fullarton 
                     Elphinstone
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am servant to the Honourable 
               
                  William 
                  Fullarton Elphinstone
               



            , who lives at Enfield Lodge


. On the 17th of November I put seven pigs in the sty and six in the farm-yard. I saw them safe at five o'clock in the evening - I missed seven from the sty, and four from the yard at six o'clock next morning. (I had fastened the gates.) I traced them by marks 150 yards - three of them afterwards came home - eight were then missing. I found them at Worship-street on Saturday.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WATTS
               



            . I am bailiff to the prosecutor. I went to town on Friday morning and found them at the office. I knew them.


                  JOHN 
                  KING
               



            . I am a pork butcher, and live in Lamb-street, Spitalfields. The prisoner came to my house on the 17th of November, about nine o'clock in the morning, with the pigs in a cart - he said he had brought some pigs for me from a man in Spitalfields. I asked what man - he said he did not know. I said that was curious, and I should detain him until he brought the owner. He said
"Not me, master, you will not detain me, will you?" I said Yes, and gave him in charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TERRY
               



            . I live at Broadwall, Surrey, and am a poulterer. On Thursday the 16th of November, the prisoner borrowed my horse and cart, about three o'clock. I found it next day at the office.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARTON
               



            . I am an officer. I received the horse and cart, and pigs in charge. The prosecutors claimed the pigs. I found some snares put over their feet, and there was a net in the cart. There were eight pigs.
Prisoner's Defence. I had them from a gentleman.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
