





1737. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NIBBS
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.


                     WILLIAM 
                     SHIRLEY
                  




               
            . I am a publican and horse dealer
, and live at Staines. I had a stallion, called "The Farmer's Glory;" the prisoner was in my employ for two seasons, to take the horse round to the different farmers, and to different markets - I engaged to give him 5l. for the season, 1s. for every mare that was covered, and he received 3l. 10s. every Monday morning to pay his expences, when he came back at the end of the week he was to give an account of what he had spent; if he had any left he was to return it - if he had spent more it was paid him; when he returned on the Sunday I used to ask him what he received - he said, "None at all," which was the case every Sunday this season; he never paid me any; any money that he received, it was his duty to bring to me; I think he returned me that answer for fourteen or fifteen weeks - the last time I paid him was on the 6th of July, when he left me with the 3l. 10s., and never returned; I received my horse back, I think, on the 17th, with a note in his hand-writing- I waited till the following Sunday, and then sent a person into the country; on the Friday I went to Banbury, where I found the prisoner in custody, and brought him to London; the constable had taken a letter from him, and a book, before I saw him; he afterwards gave me a statement of some sums, which he had never paid me, but I have only a copy of it here.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were the stallions yours or not? A. Yes, I purchased them; I had three of them; the first I bought was a year ago - this is a bill which I had printed; the prisoner was to lead "The Wanderer" and "The Farmer's Glory;" I was a bankrupt since I bought them - I have got my certificate; my effects were sold in May last - it was in March I sent the prisoner out with the stallion; the stallion was bought in by my friends for me; it was sold by auction, and the assignees got the proceeds of it; my friends have no partnership in these stallions - I had settled with the prisoner at the termination of last season; there was no running account - we settled every week: sometimes there were expences of shoeing and physic for which he paid a shilling or two, which I paid him - he did pay Mr. Coleman 1l. 5s., but he always had money in advance - what he paid out of his pocket he was repaid the next week; he behaved very well the first season, or I should not have employed him again. I have read over this book to my sorrow, which the prisoner kept; the names are down here; these sums are entered as not having been paid; they are entered that the parties might be called upon who had not paid - if he received any money he ought to have paid me, but if he had not I was to call on them; if he had not put down those names I should have beard of it, as those gentlemen were often sending their mares.
MR. BODKIN. Q. What do you understand by this entry of the name of Murrell? A. That he had not paid - there was no account between the prisoner and me but the 5l. which I was to pay him at the end of the season, and he had 3l. of that.


                  JOHN 
                  MURRELL
               



            . I live at Walton on Thames. I paid the prisoner 2l. 10s. on the 29th of June, for Mr. Shirley - it was for covering two mares, one on the 17th of April, and one on the 3rd of May.
- STRUBLE. I live at East Moulden


. I paid the prisoner 1l. 17s. on the 29th of June, for his master.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHIRLEY
               



             re-examined. The names of Mr. Murrell and Mr. Struble appear in this book - the money has never been paid to me.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not see that book, with Mr. Murrell's name in it, after the 17th of April? A. Yes: I saw it every week, but he did not tell me he had received the money; it is usual to call several times for the money- he was to pay me if he received it.
Prisoner's Defence. When I sent my horses home my box was in London, and my book was in it; when I went to London my book was gone to Banbury, and I had to go there for it; master sent a man after me, and I could not return as soon as I should, as my mistress was out, and I could not get the key of my box.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
