






979. 
               
                  SMITH 
                  ROBINSON
               




             and 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  BOON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of March
, 40lbs. of lead, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Sampson 
                        Hanbury
                     




                   and others, and fixed to a certain dwelling-house of theirs
            .
2d COUNT, calling it a building.
3d COUNT, for ripping and cutting the same with intent to steal it.
Mr. ANDREWS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I live in Spicer street, Spitalfields; the back of my premises come against an empty house in George-street


, belonging to Hanbury and Co. On the 20th of March, about ten o'clock at night, I went into the yard and heard some tiles rattle, supposing something wrong, I went to Hanbury's and gave information: one of their watchman came with me; I stood on the steps of a public-house nearly opposite, and saw two men on the house; one of whom was on his knees - I went afterwards to the door of the house, and saw two men rush out with speed, I followed, crying Stop thief! Johnson knocked down one, which was Boon, and secured him.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. How long was this after you heard the tiles rattle? A. An hour or more, perhaps; I could not identify the men on the tiles - several officers were there when they rushed out; the gates were open when he came out; others had gone in, but they belonged to the brewhouse.


                  WILLIAM 
                  READER
               



            . I am one of Messrs. Hanbury's watchmen: Young fetched me; I went with him, and waited about a quarter of an hour: after some time I saw three persons on the roof; I went to to the brewhouse and returned with Shakspear and Johnson, and found Almond and Smith there; I heard the officers call, "Stop them at the door, they have run out;" I saw two men running out, Shakspear took one, but could not hold both - the house belongs to Sampson Hanbury and Co.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not see them come out of the door? A. Not exactly out of the door, but I saw them run from the persons who were found the door.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALMOND
               



            . I am inspector of the watch. I heard an alarm, and went with Smith to the door; they are folding doors; one seemed open, but was tied with a string; I broke the string, and went in; I then went up a step-ladder, and heard several men escape down through a hole in the partition; I called out "Stop them at the door"(Shakespear afterwards brought Robinson to the watch-house.) I went on the roof, and found two sides of the lead turned up from the gutter, and cut across, in two pieces; some wall-hooks, which fastened it, had been drawn out of the wall. I found no tools there; here is the lead - it was rolled up, and cut off.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you search Robinson? A. Yes; I found nothing on him. The lead was quite severed from the roof.


                  ADAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was with Almond. I saw four men on the premises. I saw Robinson run from the door; Shakespear took him, without my losing sight of him.
Cross-examined. Q. Where were the four men? A. In a room on the premises; I did not see them on the roof.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SHAKESPEAR
               



            . I stopped Robinson, who was making the best of his way through the people.


                  THOMAS 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am in Messrs. Sampson Hanbury's employ. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and ran to George-street; I saw Boon running from a cry of Stop thief! I knocked him down, and delivered him to the watchman.
ROBINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
BOON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
