







305. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SHARKEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HUTCHINSON
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of December
, one handkerchief, value 5 s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Cross
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  KEYS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 28th of December, about three o'clock, I was with Green, in St. Martin's-court, and saw the prisoners following Mr. Cross as far as the County Fire Office


; I saw Sharkey put his hand into Mr. Cross's coat pocket; Hutchinson was about four yards from him - he got the handkerchief to the top of the pocket; they followed him further, and beckoned to Hutchinson to come up close to him; he then took the handkerchief out and gave it to him; Hutchinson crossed over and saw me - he then threw it down - I took him; Green picked it up; I took him to Marlborough-street, and returned to look for Sharkey; (I took him about half past six) Green ran and called Mr. Cross; Hutchinson began crying.


                  CHARLES 
                  WILLIAM GREEN
               



            . I am a painter, and live in Titchfield-street; I was with Keys, and saw the prisoners together following Mr. Cross - and at the Fire Office, Sharkey took the handkerchief a little way out - he afterwards took it quite out, and gave it to Hutchinson; Mr. Cross claimed it - I took Sharkey in the evening in James's-street.


                  ROBERT 
                  CROSS
               



            . On the 28th December I was by the County Fire Office, and lost my handkerchief - Green overtook me, and told me what had happened - when Hutchinson was brought up he cried, and begged he might not be prosecuted.
SHARKEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Life
            .
HUTCHINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.





               Whipped
             and Discharged.
Second Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
