






706. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     GRIMSDALE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HUTCHINS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of May
, four seals, value 5 l.; one key, value 5 s., and one ring, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Gustavus Thomas 
                           Hume
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
GUSTAVUS 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HUME
               



            , ESQ.
 I am an officer in the Hussars
. On the 22d of May, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I was in the court-yard of the palace


 seeing the guard relieved, and observed the prisoners, with several others, nearer to me than I thought the pressure of the crowd required, and not liking their appearance I moved to another part of the yard - I again found myself surrounded by the same party, and determined to stand and see what they would do. I put my hand into my pocket and kept hold of my watch. I observed Hutchins standing half in front of me, with his hand near my ribbon; I felt that he had hold of the seals ready to pull, and felt his hand tremble as he cut off the seals. I kept looking at them both in order to identify them - a young man was with them. All at once they moved away; I put my hand down, keeping my eye on them, and felt my seals gone - I followed and collared them both before they were out of my sight. I have not recovered my seals.
JOHN CALLS. I am a coachman. I was in the court-yard, and saw the prosecutor move from one place to another - six or eight of these gentlemen followed him, and all collected round him. I was at the back of Hutchins, he pulled a sharp instrument out of his pocket, I saw him cut the seals off, they dropped into Grimsdale's hand, and another man went off with them directly - I should know him again. I secured Hutchins, and assisted in taking both to he watch-house.


                  ROBERT 
                  NEEDHUM
               



            . The prisoners were brought to the watch-house. I found a knife on Hutchins.
GRIMSDALE'S Defence. The gentleman took me as I was leaving the yard.
GRIMSDALE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
HUTCHINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
