





669. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS WILLIAM 
                     BREWER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               unlawfully, knowingly, and feloniously sending a certain letter to 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Finch
                        




                     
                  , demanding, with menaces, his monies, without any lawful cause
            .
FOUR OTHER COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  FINCH
               



            . I live at No. 31, Dean-street, Soho


, and am an attorney at law
. In 1822 or 1823 the prisoner came into my employ, to attend in the office and go on messages - he left me in October, 1826, I think; he can write but very indifferently - I do not know his hand-writing; in consequence of some communication I received, I gave information at Bow-street, and under the direction of Ruthven, the officer, I wrote this letter, (No. 1); I had previously received this other letter on the 6th, (No. 2); I took my letter myself to King-street, Long-acre, and gave a boy 2d. to take it into No. 31 - I saw him taken it in there; in consequence of receiving one letter, and writing another, I went to the corner of James-street at six o'clock in the evening of the 7th of January; I saw the prisoner there- I went up to him, and said, "Brewer, I have brought you the 10s. you wrote for;" he said, "I will not take it in the presence of a third person:" a young man named Handeside went with me from my office; the prisoner said,"Come round the corner," and I followed him round into Long-acre; I then said to him, "Brewer, how could you send me that letter;" he said, "I am in great distress, but I do not wish to injure you;" I said, "Here are the 10s." - they were in four half-crowns, and he took them from me; in consequence of an arrangement, I then gave a signal to Ruthven, who was immediately on the other side of the way by moving my hat; Ruthven came up, and took the prisoner - he did not take any thing from him in my presence.
The prosecutor was cross-examined by the prisoner at considerable length, a minute statement of the particulars would be indelicate; he denied having gone with him to Hyde-park and other places, for any purpose; when witness was seriously ill, the prisoner had made tea for him, and he believed had eaten at his table; his wages were 1l. a week - witness had given him a coat, he had attended him at Brighton, when witness had a dislocated arm - witness had never written any letters for the prisoner. When the prisoner was in Clerkenwell prison, for assaulting two boys in Kensington-gardens, witness did not write to him, and knew nothing of three letters produced by the prisoner - he did not allow him 1l. a month while in prison, but had given a Mrs. Sherritt what wages were due at the time he was sent there - he did not know the prisoner had been in the Guards till he had lived some time with him; the prisoner never dined at his house with one Stevens - does not know Captain Hunter, but might have seen him, and never said he was afraid of him; the prisoner might have taken tea with witness when he was laid up; was never at a Police-office, nor ever had a warrant against him; the prisoner had frequently applied to him for money, for relief, and a character; and in consequence of a letter he received he paid 5s. per week for rent for about a month or five weeks, and had given him old clothes once or twice - he never took the prisoner's trunks from his lodging to the French Horn public-house; he never took a double bedded room at the George and Blue Boar inn, nor had the prisoner come into his apartments in Dean-street, or introduce him as Captain Doyle; did not know a person in the regiment, nor any private soldier whatever - had not slept at the George and Blue Bear this ten years.


                  GEORGE 
                  RUTHVEN
               



            . I am an officer of Bow-street. Mr. Finch called there on the 7th of January, and made a representation, and had some advice given him - I believe this letter was written in consequence of that advice - he was advised to write a note; I marked four half-crowns, and returned them to him, and met him that evening in Long-acre about six o'clock; I agreed with him that he should give me a signal with his hat - I got there just before he came; I saw the prisoner in James-street -Mr. Finch and a person with him walked by - I believe Mr. Finch spoke to him, but the prisoner sheered off, and turned into Long-acre, followed by Mr. Finch - I was on the opposite side - a signal was given; I immediately crossed, laid hold of the prisoner, and put him in the passage of a house - he put his hand into his pocket, and said, "Here are the 10s.," giving me the four half-crowns, which I have no doubt are the four I marked; on the way to the office, the prisoner observed "This ought to have come out long ago;" this letter was in the prisoner's hand or pocket; I rather think he took it out of his pocket with his hand, and said he would not part with this letter but with his life - it might save his life.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not catch me by the hand, and this hand was in my pocket? A. The money he took out of his pocket, with which hand I cannot say - I generally lay hold of people by their right hand.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is this the letter you sent him? A. Yes; (letters read.)(No. 1,) To J. W. Stevens, No. 31, King-street, Long-acre.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BREWER
               



            , - I have received your letter last night, and am surprised at its contents - meet me on my way to Covent Garden 
               Theatre
            , this evening at six o'clock, at the corner of James-street, Long-acre, when I will give it you, but it must be for the last time, although your threats I despise. Wednesday.(No 2.) No 31, King-street, Long-acre.
SIR, - I write mrely to express my surprise at not receiving from you what you promised to send me once a forghnight - I have resrved your note, where you say I might expect to receive it till after Christmas, some weeks; you will have the goodness to send me, by return of post, what you promised, or I shall take those steps that will be very unpleasant to you; it is not my wish to make you uncomfortable - recollect it is your conduct to me that compells me to expose you; you tell me I have no claim on you - the first person I will appeal to is your mother, and after that to the public; you must suppose, sutuated as I am, wanting common necessaries of life, and being turned adrift by you, I am ripe for every thing - it is of no consequence to me; if you can concienessly take steps to injure a man who never injured you, do it as soon as you think proper, and if you do a heavy curse will fall on you: reflect for a moment what has passed betwixt you and me; it was not a day or a month, but for years, and now tell me I have no claim on you, and sey me to even wdnt a meal yesterday - I was without foad the whole of the day - the same to-day; I have nothing to pledge, or I would not have troubled you for the money to pay the doctr; the 10s. did not pay the doctr; if I do not receive the 10s. to-morrow, the ill able, I will walk to your mother's, and will explain every thing to her; it is in your power to prevent it, by sending me what you promised me once a forghtnight - I have your note to prove my assertion; I shall expect an answer to-morrow. I am your's. &c., J. W. STEVENS.
Mr. Finch, Sollicittor, No. 31, Dean-street, Soho.
MR. ADOLPHUS to MR. FINCH. Q. Had you seen the prisoner between the time of his being committed to prison, and the receipt of this letter? A. Yes, several times; I certainly never promised to send him any thing: I understood by his threatening to expose what had passed between him and me, that he meant to accuse me of an unnatural crime; I had had him to attend me when I had a fistula, and could not have a female.
JURY. Q. What was due to the prisoner? A. Near 20l.; I think it was 18l. odd - the greater part he brought me himself, 5l. at a time.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the letter that was sent to Mr. Finch; I cannot read nor write: I have been in his service, but not as a regular servant, nor regularly employed - I have not been there for three days together in a week; the letter sent to me was brought by a boy; I was obliged to go out to get a person to read it; I did not know who it was from, or what was its contents - I went out, and the first person that accosted me was Mr. Finch; he said, "Do you want me?" I said, "No, Sir, unless you want me;" he said, "Yes; you want the 10s. to pay your rent: "I walked from him - he put the money into my hands; it was taken and produced at the office before the Magistrate: I certainly did make use of the observation that it ought to have been out years ago; I have no witnesses, and I hope you will be merciful to me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Life
            .
