





London Cases, First Jury.
Before Mr. Recorder.
379. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  CHILMEAD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of February
, 100 printed bound books, value 25l., and 100lbs. of paper, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John Bayly 
                  Moore
               




            , his master.
MR. CARRINGTON conducted the prosecution.
JOHN BAYLY MOORE, ESQ.
 I am a special pleader
 - my chambers are No. 1, Inner Temple-lane


. The prisoner has been three months in my employ; I have an extensive library of law books, worth 700l. or 800l. I left town on the 24th of January, and, I believe, my books were all safe - I returned on Sunday, the 5th of February, and on Monday evening, after a consultation which lasted till ten o'clock, I went to Inner Temple-lane, and saw a great light in my room - I thought they were on fire; I went up, and found both doors were closed; I had told the prisoner always to shut the chambers at dark, and take the key to my house, in the New Kent-road. I knocked at the door, and receiving no answer I went to the gate watchman, returned to the chambers, and met James Sullivan (whose brother had formerly been my clerk), in the passage, with a law bag of books - papers were hanging out of it; I passed him, and went up, but did not succeed in getting into the chambers - we got a smith, who could not pick the lock; we heard a boy inside cry out, "Who is there?" and as we were drawing a bolt the door was opened from within; I found the prisoner there, and Wilson, who is a stranger; nobody could get to the chambers without Sullivan letting them in; I ordered them both to the watch-house, and as there was no constable there I let them go. I returned to my chambers, lighted a candle, and found the leaves of a volume stripped of its cover, on the desk, and next morning I found several book covers on the top of the book-case. Chilmead afterwards came to my house with his mother - he was taken to Guildhall. I went with a search-warrant to 
               
                  John 
                  Torkington
               



             and Son, cheesemongers, No. 93, Chancery-lane; I saw a portion of"Pickering's Statutes" round a pound of butter; the work cost forty guineas, also a brief, which I knew had been at my chambers; I missed half my books; twenty volumes of Pickering's Statutes were gone. I found four pages of Horace there - I missed the whole volume; I also found a volume of "Wentworth on Pleadings," with notes of my own writing; I missed six volumes out of ten. We found in the shop a large quantity of my book, and a large butter flask full of my books; there were three hampers full of leaves of books; most of them in my own hand-writing; I lost between three and four hundred volumes; they must have cost me 700l., and many of them cannot be replaced; there were manuscripts, which I had been preparing twenty-two years; there were nine volumes just ready for the press. In consequence of further information I sent to Mr. Parker's pork shop, at the corner of Fetter-lane, Fleet-street; I went myself in the evening, and saw a large handkerchief full of my own volumes - also confidential letters, and valuable securities, which had been in a cupboard under the book-case.


                  JOHN 
                  M. COPPINGER
               



            . I am pupil to Mr. Moore. In consequence of information I went to Parker's, with a search-warrant, about two days after this discovery, and found several reports, some manuscripts, receipts, and papers, in Mr. Moore's hand-writing; the reports were torn into different leaves - some had a considerable portion still together; I took the prisoner to the chambers, and told him I would give him into the custody of a Bow-street officer - he said nothing to it; I asked if he had taken books out of the library; he said he might have taken six or seven or eight.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PARKER
               



            . I live at the corner of Fetter-lane. I bought this paper of Sullivan, at three or four different times; the first quantity was three weeks or a month ago, and the last about a week before Mr. Coppinger came; I gave him 4d. a pound for it, which is the usual price; I told him, when he brought so much, to bring no more, for I did not want it.

>COURT. Q. Did you look at the books and papers? - A. I never particularly examined it; it was brought as waste paper generally is, and was thrown into a cupboard- I was not aware what books they were; I asked where he brought it from; he said, from his brother, in Bellyard: I made no inquiry as to whether he had a brother. I saw it was clean, but did not read it, to judge what it was.


                  JAMES 
                  SULLIVAN
               



            . I am ten years old, and live with my mother on Clerkenwell-green. I have known the prisoner three or four weeks, by my brother having been clerk to Mr. Moore, and I went to the chambers for his coat and knife; the prisoner asked me what he should do with some papers in a cupboard, as he thought he should sell them - I told him I did not know; he said he thought he should sell them; he told me to come and sit with him some day for a good while - I went on the Saturday - he said he had sold the papers for waste at the corner of Fetter-lane, and if I would sell some, he would give me part of the money; I said I would not mind if his master did not want it; he got some paper with writing on it from the cupboard, and took some books off the shelves; I asked what he would do with the covers, as his master would see them - he said he could burn them - we both tore off some covers and put the leaves into a bag, this was about half-past two o'clock - some of the books were whole except the covers, and some torn apart - I took them to Parker's, and asked if he would buy some waste paper - he said he would give fourpence a pound, and weighed it, he gave me 4s. 2d.; I do not know what it weighed - there were about eight books in that bag besides paper. Parker did not examine it - he asked where I brought it from - I told him from my brother in Bellyard - I have no brother there; I took some more on the Monday to Torkington's, Chancery-lane - Mr. Moore met me on the stairs with them; some were long books - I rereceived 8d. for them - he said he gave three halfpence a pound; I was taken up next night, and told what had happened.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am twelve years old, and live with my father, who is a carpenter, in Alfred-place, Blackfriars-road. I have known the prisoner about six weeks - I went to Mr. Moore's chambers on Monday evening, and saw a large fire in the grate, like paper ashes - the prisoner was on a chair at the library, putting up books - Sullivan had taken a very large one from the bottom shelf; he ripped the leaves out, burned the cover, and put the inside into the bag, which was half full when I got there - Sullivan went out and sold it; he brought the money, and threw it on the table; I do not know how much, but we could only find 6d. - the prisoner and I spent it as we went home; Mr. Moore came and knocked at the door; the prisoner said, "It is master, don't speak a word or he will put me into the cage;" I at last said, "Who is there? open the door Thomas;' he opened it, Mr. Moore came in, and we were both taken to the watch-house, and as the constable did not come, Mr. Moore discharged us; the beadle fetched me next morning, and I have been in custody ever since.
COURT. Q. How did you become acquainted with him? A. One day he came and played with us in Alfred-place; his mother lived next door to me.
Prisoner's Defence. All Sullivan has said is false; I never thought of stealing till he came and said, "Do you sell waste paper?" I said, "No" - he said, "Why don't you tear up old books, many get a good many shillings by it;" I said that was no reason why I should, and he called me a fool.
GUILTY. Aged 11.




               Recommended to Mercy
            .




               Transported for Seven Years to the Prison Ship
            .
