






1357. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  BARRON
               




             and 
               
                  JEREMIAH 
                  SINFIELD
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of July
, a coat, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Cole
               




            .
WILLIAM COLE. I am a carpenter
, and live in Bethnal-green-road. I was working at some premises in White-row


, on the 6th of July, with my son, who is deaf and dumb; I heard there was a coat stolen - I ran out into Whitechapel-road - one of the witnesses, I believe, gave me the coat, which I had made for my son, who is about seventeen years old.


                  THOMAS 
                  PRICE
               



            . I was in White-row and saw the prisoner near a gate-way - I afterwards saw Barron come out of the gate-way with a coat in his hand; I ran up to give an alarm, and a girl came out and took the coat from him - I heard Sinfield say "It is all right - go it;" and they went up the street quite fast.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  COCKMAN
               



            . I ran after the prisoners as Cole came up to ask my mother if she had lost a coat - I stopped them at the corner of Baker-row, and took the coat from Barron - I gave it to Mr. Cole.


                  JAMES 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a surveyor. I heard the cry of Stop thief! about six o'clock in the evening of the 6th of July, and stopped Barron - there were a great many persons about, and Cole came up and gave charge of him - I never saw the other prisoner till he was taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY BURN
               



            . I apprehended Sinfield about a week after the offence; he said "What is it for? it is about the coat I suppose?" those were his words. I did not know any thing about it but from information - there were three or four of his companions following him, and he said to them, "Say I shall not be at home to night."
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BARRON'S Defence. I had been out on business for my father, when I was apprehended, and know nothing of it.
SINFIELD'S Defence. I was returning from the Docks, and took shelter from the rain, under an archway, and found the coat there, as if it had been thrown away.
BARRON - 

               GUILTY
             Aged 20.
SINFIELD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
