





496. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PAGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of April
, one watch, value 5 s., the goods of a man unknown, from his person
            .



                  JAMES 
                  DOYLE
               



            . I live at Broadwall, Blackfriars-road. On the 6th of April, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I was standing at the door of the Crown and Anchor, Strand


. The Westminster members were being chaired - there was a great crowd in the street. I saw the prisoner and three or four men in his company, come rushing on the pavement - the one before him kept shoving while the prisoner put his hand before him and took a watch from a seafaring man's pocket. I saw him do it - he was next to me. He immediately passed it to another man behind him. The seaman cried out Stop thief! I have lost my watch. I immediately collared him and held him with difficulty - he tried very hard to get from me, and a man kept pulling one way while the prisoner pulled the other. I kept my hold till the officer came up. I tried to get back to the seafaring man, but could not find him. The prisoner was taken to Bow-street - the seaman never attended. I saw him take it plainly, it appeared to be a silver watch.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. What are you - A. A brass-founder - nobody charged me with the robbery. I work for Johnson and Co. New-street, Gough-square. I have worked there eleven years - there were five or six in the gang.


                  EDMUND 
                  PEPPER
               



            . I am a constable of St. James's. I was with Glasborough, and heard the cry of, Stop him! or That is him! I rushed forward, with my staff, and found the last witness holding the prisoner - the crowd was pushing him backwards and forwards. I asked what was the matter? Doyle said the prisoner had stolen a gentleman's watch. I asked where the man was? he said he was gone off with the pressure of the people. With great difficulty we got the prisoner out of the crowd.


                  THOMAS 
                  GLASBOROUGH
               



            . I am an officer, and was with Pepper; several bad characters came out of the mob, who were known to me. I said,
"Let us go after them," and at that moment I heard the cry of Stop him! rushed forward into the mob, and found Doyle with the prisoner. I secured him, and with great difficulty got him out of the crowd.


                  GEORGE 
                  DONALD
               



            . I was on the spot, and heard the cry of,
"Rescue! Rescue!" from several persons in the mob. I looked round, and saw the witness with the prisoner in custody; several well known characters were behind, trying to get him away.
Prisoner's Defence. I went merely to see the chairing, and know nothing of the watch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
