





1249. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     CORBYN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of October
, 50 lbs. of paper, value 16 s. 8 d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William Lewis 
                     Newman
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the property of the 
               
Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London



            .
MR. BOLLAND conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Harrison
               



            , who is a cheesemonger, and lives in Fore-street. I know the prisoner perfectly well, and have frequently bought waste paper of her. On Saturday, the 7th of October, between twelve and one o'clock, she brought some, it weighed 11 1/2 lbs., I gave her 4 d. a pound for it. It is in the hands of Drinkwater.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Was it tied round with red tape when you bought it - A. Yes. I thought nothing improper in it.


                  RICHARD 
                  WARD
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Harrison. I know the prisoner from her frequenting the shop to sell waste-paper. I remember her coming in October with some, which Thomas gave her 4 d. a pound for.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Nothing struck you as to its being improper for waste-paper - A. No. We call it waste-paper, whether it is written on or not.


                  GEORGE 
                  SWINBURN
               



            . I am a cheesemonger and pork-man. I have bought different lots of paper of the prisoner. I bought some the beginning of this month, which I gave to Harrison. She said it was waste-paper thrown out of the office.


                  JAMES 
                  CHAPPELL
               



            . I am a porkman. I know the prisoner perfectly well, and have bought a great deal of waste-paper of her four years ago, and up to the last two months. I have given 170 lbs. of it to the officer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DRINKWATER
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner into custody. She said she had never sold any paper - I produce paper which I received from Harrison; they are principally briefs.


                  ANTHONY 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am a Marshal's-man. I produce some paper given to me by Swinburn and Harrison.


                  DANIEL 
                  BENJAMIN LEADBETTER
               



            . I am a Marshal's-man. I produce two parcels of paper delivered to me by Chapell - he afterwards delivered 170 lbs.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEWIS NEWMAN
               



            , ESQ. I am the City Solicitor; the prisoner was employed as an assistant to Mrs. Ferler, the laundress
 - she has been employed there about four years. The papers belong to my office, and consist of office and fair copies of grants to Christ's Hospital, and a number of cases, with opinions on them, extremely valuable. Many of them are private papers, and are the property of the Corporation.
Cross-examined. Q. When did you see any of them last - A. Some of them within the last six months. Some papers relating to one case were put into a box, and the key of that box was taken out of my clerk's desk.


                  SARAH 
                  FERLER
               



            . I was laundress to the City Solicitor, and had been so twenty years. The prisoner has assisted me between four and five years. There was a quantity of papers in the chambers when she first came. I have not attended lately, being ill. I always told her never to meddle with papers written on, and not to destroy them. She also worked for the Remembrancer and Mr. Montague; I was laundress to them all. I had noticed her with money, which excited my suspicion, andasked her how she came by it? she said she had a friend, who supplied her.
Cross-examined. Q. Can she write and read - A. She can read and scribble. I have been dismissed through her misconduct, as I could not attend myself.
Prisoner. I leave it to my Counsel.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
