





936. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  SEACOMBE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of February
, 2 seals, value 30s., and 1 ring, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Arthur 
                        Jones
                     




                  , from his person
            .
ARTHUR JONES. I am a gentleman
. On the 22d of February, between 2 and 3 o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Goswell-street


 - I had my watch ring twisted over the bottom button of my waistcoat; the watch was in my fob-the prisoner came round on my left side, turned round close to my arm, looked in my face, took hold of my two seals, and pulled them up; the watch would not come up, he screwed the seals off and ran away; I gave an alarm, pursued a man, and took him within fifteen yards; I never lost sight of him; another person came up and took hold of him, and said "I swear I saw you attempt to rob this gentleman" - I was afraid, as I thought some suspicious characters were with me - I begged the man to take him round into a house; he took him into a coal-shed; nobody would fetch a constable, but they said, if I would go, they would mind him - I went to three places and could not get one, and while I was inquiring a lad came up, and said the prisoner had escaped - I had a good opportunity of seeing him - I did not see him again till last Monday - I am sure he is the person - I knew him at Worship-street - I have not found my seals.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you swear positively to him at Worship-street? A. I said I believed, to the best of my knowledge, he was the person - I did not say he was like the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JENNINGS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Whitbread. I was going down Goswell-street, and saw the prisoner whip round this gentleman take his seals, and run up a court; a gentleman came down the court and caught him - I went in and took him - he wanted to go to a public-house; I took him to a coal-shed, and asked a person to hold him while I moved my horses nearer to the curb - that man took him out to go to a public-house, and he ran away - he had gaiters on.



                  RICHARD 
                  DADDS
               



            . I live at this coal-shed. The prisoner is the man who was brought in there.


                  JOHN 
                  VANN
               



            . I apprehended the prisoner from information - he was put among a dozen persons, and the prosecutor pointed him out.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
