





1054. 
               
                  
                     DAVID 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of September
, one handkerchief, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Hook
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .



                  JAMES 
                  HOOK
               



            . On the 4th of September, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was walking up Owen's-row


, with my wife; a person called out that my pocket had been picked, I turned round, and saw the prisoner and another lad running very fast from me; I secured the prisoner - the witness said he was the one who took the handkerchief. I missed it - it was not found. The other escaped.


                  FRANCES 
                  GOODYEAR
               



            . I live at No. 9, Owen's-row. I was at our window, and saw Hook and his wife, and saw the prisoner take a handkerchief out of Hook's pocket; I opened the window, and gave an alarm - the boys ran away, he followed them, and brought the prisoner back. I am certain he is the boy. I did not see what became of the handkerchief.


                  FRANCIS 
                  BAKER
               



            . I belong to the Custom House. I was at a first-floor window in Owen's-row, and saw two boys in the act of picking Hook's pocket. I did not see the handkerchief taken. I ran out in pursuit - Hook secured the prisoner; I believe him to be the same boy, but I did not see his face.
Prisoner's Defence. I have no father, and my mother turned me out of doors. I had nowhere to go, and did pick the gentleman's pocket, as another boy persuaded me to do it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Richardson.
