





1751. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 17th of July
, 20 pieces of false and counterfeit milled money and coin, each and every of them made and counterfeited to the likeness and similitude of a piece of good, lawful, and current money and silver coin of this realm, called a shilling, the same not being then cut in pieces, unlawfully and feloniously did put off to one 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lane
                        




                     
                  , at a lower rate and value than the same, did by their denomination import and were counterfeited for, (i. e.) for the sum of 5s.
            ; against the Statute, &c.
MESSRS. BOLLAND, and SCARLETT conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  LANE
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Pancras
, and have been so for nearly three years - previous to that I was in different places of service, taking care of horses and chaises. About the 8th of July I received directions fromLimbrick to assist in detecting a man named Taylor - he told me he wanted me to go to the Barley Mow, in Blue Anchor-alley


, and buy some money of him; I went there with Ellis and saw the prisoner; Ellis spoke to him, and said I was the man he might trust in selling the money to; the prisoner asked what I wanted; I said not much - he said he had some half conters, which are had half-sovereigns; I said they would not do for me - he then said he would bring some bulls, meaning crowns; he went out, and was out about a quarter of an hour - I took six of him; I think I did not say how many I would take before he went out - I gave 5s. for them; the prisoner set the price; we then had something to drink and I went away; when I got back to Limbrick I told him what had taken place - I saw the prisoner a day or two afterwards at the Barley Mow, I then bought three crowns and a half for 3s. 6d. - I had several subsequent meetings with him, previous to each of which I had communication with Limbrick; what I did was under his direction. On the 17th day of July, in the evening, I met Hall, Reynolds, and Limbrick, at the Jack of Newbury, the corner of Bun-hill-row - I was searched by them and had nothing about me - they then gave me 5s. to purchase some money and 1s. to spend; I did not know whether it was marked -I went to the Barley Mow alone, and saw the prisoner sitting in one of the boxes with other company; I went and asked if he had got any thing for me; he said Yes; but whispered that there were persons there he did not wish to give it me before - we went out to Graham's-buildings, which is a short distance, and he told me he had a score of bobs, which meant bad shillings; he pulled them out of his pocket in a small silk bag - I gave him 5s. for them; he had a bad crown-piece at the time, he wished me to have that - I said I would have that another day; we went back to the Barley Mow - I tossed for some beer, and lost two pots; Hall, Limbrick, and Reynolds then came in - Limbrick advanced up to me, and said, "Ah! old one, I had you twenty years ago;" that is not true, he never had me in his life - I was taken into custody, and searched by Reynolds, who took the silk bag, containing the bobs, out of my right-hand waistcoat pocket; he put it on the table, and asked where I got it; I said, "From that man," pointing to the prisoner; he said, "Me, Sir?" I said Yes; he was then taken and searched, and the 5s. which I had given him found on him.
Prisoner. He is speaking very falsely to say he had them from me; the man he had them from had been gone about ten minutes.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden. In consequence of information I employed Lane, and gave him 5s. each time he made the purchases - the first time he brought me these five crowns; on the 9th he brought me these three crowns and a half, on the 11th, I instructed him in the same manner, and on the 17th, Hall, Reynolds, and I went to the Jack of Newbury, where I searched Lane, and found he had nothing - I then gave him five marked shillings, and 1s. to get something to drink, and directed him to go to the Barley Mow; after a certain time I went there, and saw him and the prisoner sitting there together; Lane was searched, and we found on him a score of had shillings, which Reynolds has; I asked where he had them from - he said from Taylor; Taylor was searched, and had four marked shillings, a sixpence, some halfpence, (they were four of the shillings which I had given to Lane,) and a bad crown; he was then taken to Hatton-garden.


                  WILLIAM 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am an officer of St. James', Clerkenwell. I went with Limbrick and Hall to the Barley Mow, on the 17th of July; I received the prisoner from Limbrick; Hall had searched him; these four shillings, a sixpence, and halfpence, and this bad half-crown, were found upon him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I am an officer. I went with Limbrick and Reynolds. This money was found on the prisoner; these four shillings are four which I had seen Limbrick mark, and which had been given to Lane at the Jack of Newbury, about five o'clock in the evening.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am inspector of counterfeit money- these are all counterfeit crowns, and these shillings are all counterfeit.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . These four good shillings are four which I marked and gave to Lane.
Prisoner. He had them of another man, called "the Doctor," whom I have seen in his company several times.


                  JOHN 
                  LANE
               



            . No, I had them of him.
Prisoner's Defence. It is false; he, the doctor, and I were there together, and had a good deal of beer - he and the doctor were in conversation for some time, and he had the bad money of him, I am sure; I had lent him 5s. the day before.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
