





1524. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GOODWIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 22d of October
, one pelisse, value 15 l.; six yards of linen, value 10 s.; two table cloths, value 1 l., and one petticoat, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Ward
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARD
               



            . I am a baker
, and rent a house in Whitehorse-street, Whitehorse-terrace, Stepney


. On the 22d of October, about eight o'clock in the evening, I heard a noise in the shop, I was down stairs, and sent the boy up; I went up after him in a few minutes, and saw the prisoner at the entrance of the parlour-door, behind the counter; he said he wanted a penny-loaf. I looked into the parlour and saw both the drawers open; I found the pelisse lying behind the door, about a yard from the drawers, and two table-cloths on a chair, two shirts and a pocket were on the floor; they were all taken out of the drawers. I had been across the room at four o'clock that morning, they were not there then. There was nobody in the shop; I heard him open the parlour-door. I had not seen the things, in the drawers, for two or three days before. My wife was not up till just before eight o'clock, and had not been in the parlour till he was taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRE
               



            . I am shop-boy to Mr. Ward. I ran up stairs, and saw the prisoner come out of the parlour; he had nothing; I was in the parlour at four o'clock, not after, I had not seen my mistress up that morning, till after the prisoner was taken; he was close to the door when I ran up. I saw one 
               
                  George 
                  Courtney
               



             looking in at the window; he nodded to the prisoner to come out as I ran up.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. While the gentleman was gone for the officer, the prosecutor took the things out of the drawer and laid them about the place.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WARD
               



            . It is not true. The property is worth 32 s.
GUILTY. Aged 16.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 32 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice Park.
