





103. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  CONNER
               




            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of October
, a cloak, value 20 s.; two gowns, value 10 s.; a shawl, value 2 s.; an apron, value 2 s., and six napkins, value 3 s.
             the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Armstrong
               




            .


                  FRANCES 
                  ARMSTRONG
               



            . I am the wife of John Armstrong, a labourer
, who lives at No. 1, Flask-row, Chelsea


, in the first floor room. On the 18th of October, I left home between three and four o'clock, and returned between six and seven. These things were then gone from my drawers - they were safe when I went out. The prisoner lived on the second floor - she was at home when I went out, and when I returned I accused her of having taken my clothes - she immediately quitted my room for a few minutes, and then returned with a lighted candle, and said, if I suspected her I might search her room. I said it was of no use, for, no doubt she had put them away. I had left my room door locked but it was broken open, and the bed had been set on fire in three different places - the drawer had been likewise on fire.


                  MARY 
                  RHODES
               



            . I keep the house in which the last witness and prisoner live. I let the room furnished. On Monday, the 18th of October, I was going to tea, about four o'clock, when a neighbour came with a violent knocking at the door, and said the house was on fire. I ran up stairs to the top of the house, thinking the children had set it on fire - I looked into the prisoner's room - she was at tea, and said "I have no fire." I then came down to the prosecutrix's room - the door opened easily - the bed, the window blinds, and the drawers, were on fire - there was no fire in the grate - I cried out for the people to save my bed. A man came up with some water, and the fire was put out. The prisoner then sat in my kitchen for about two hours; she said "I will not go up stairs till Mrs. Armstrong comes home, for fear she should say she has lost any thing, as her room has been full of people." Soon after the water came running through the ceiling. She said "I would go and wipe it up but I don't like to go alone." I told my son to go with her, which he did. She then went out, and bought a candle, and when she came back, she said "The loss will not be your's." The man who had put the fire out said, "This has been done onpurpose." A bundle was found in my yard that evening, with a cloak and two gowns in it. When the officer came next morning, I said to the prisoner, "Either give the woman the things, or tell the truth;" she said, "I put the things in the bundle, and threw them out."
FRANCES AMSTRONG re-examined. I saw the bundle with the cloak, two gowns, and the napkins (which a man produced), while the prisoner was telling me I was welcome to search her apartment. I had not had a candle before I went out, nor a fire after two o'clock, when my husband came home to dinner: the prisoner's window looks into the yard, where the bundle was found. I have no family.


                  ALICE 
                  RHODES
               



            . I am the daughter of Mary Rhodes, and was at home on this day. We live under Mr. Armstrong's room. I did not hear her go out, but about seven o'clock that evening. I found the bundle in the yard, into which the prisoner's window opens. I saw the bundle opened - it contained Mrs. Armstrong's property. I did not go up when the alarm of fire was given.


                  JOHN 
                  COLES
               



            . I am a constable, and live about one hundred yards from the house. On the following morning, about eight o'clock, I went to this house, which I heard had been on fire - I went up stairs, and looked round the room - I said it must have been set on fire. I did not see any marks of violence on the door - the lock must have been picked; there was a chest of drawers in the room, and I could see that there had been fire in the top drawer but one. I inquired who was in the house, and they said no person but Mrs. Rhodes and the prisoner. I then took Conner into custody - she denied the charge. I then stepped out, and left her in custody of Armstrong's husband - while I was gone she confessed the theft to Mary Rhodes.
MARY RHODES re-examined. Q. Did the prisoner confess the theft to you? A. Yes; on condition that we would forgive her.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. This lady went out at three o'clock - I was the last person who saw her before she went out - she came into my room, and asked me what I thought of her dress - she then went away, and said she had tried the door three times, to see if it was locked - at four o'clock the fire took place. I can say upon my oath, that she had a fire in her room, and she said she would light a candle and leave it, as her husband was very unhandy in striking a light. When she came back she accused me of the robbery - I said I knew nothing about it. The next morning they brought a constable and took me up. They asked me if I would confess it; I said if I knew any thing of it I would confess. When the knock came at the door to tell Mrs. Rhodes her house was on fire, I tried to go down three times, and could not for the smoke. When I did get down the room was full of people, and the fire was put out.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
