






Before Mr. Baron Hullock.
1038. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  SMITH
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December

, at St. George, 1 pier glass, value 2l. 10s., and 1 gilt frame, value 1l. 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Daniels
                     



                  , in his dwelling-house
            ; and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BAILEY
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving on the same day, and at the same parish, the aforesaid goods, he well knowing the same to have been feloniously stolen
            , against the statute.


                  ANN 
                  REARDON
               



            . I am servant at the Prince of Wales public-house, Hermitage-street



: it is kept by George Daniels. On the 18th of December, at half-past seven o'clock in the morning, when I got up, I found a chair put against the door, which was open, and the weight, which was fastened to it the night before, was cut off; that would make a noise when the door was opened, sufficient to awake any body in the house - I went into the parlour and missed the looking-glass, which hung against the wall: it was a large sized glass - the prisoner Smith lodged in the house at the time, and for about a fornight before; upon missing the glass, I went up to his room, and he was not there, but the other two lodgers were still in the house - I did not see Smith again, till he was in custody.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When you saw him at the office there was an examination? A. Yes - he was set at liberty the first time, and taken again some weeks afterwards; he was first taken I think about a month after the robbery.
GEORGE DANIELS. I keep this public-house
. On the 18th of December Smith went to bed, with a small piece of candle, about eleven o'clock - I fastened the doors that night; I locked the parlour door, but the key was left in it; I also locked the front door. I did not see Smith go up to bed, but heard him go up - I never saw him any more till the 24th of January; he had taken the lodging by the week - his week commenced on Tuesday or Wednesday; it was on Monday night that he left: he was brought to my house by a friend on the 24th of January, and I gave him into custody - he was discharged at the office, as the property was not found. On the 17th of May I went to the prisoner Bailey's house, No. 9, Roger-street, Bethnal-green, and saw my glass hanging up in his parlour - it was worth about 4l.; the plate is worth 2l. 10s., and the frame 30s. - it was not nailed to my wall, but hung on a hook, and rested on two nails at the bottom - the weight was on the door at night on the 18th of December, and the next morning it was cut off, and found laying on the ground; it must have been taken off by somebody inside. My house is in the parish of St. George, Middlesex.
Cross-examined. Q. What time do you generally get up? A. At a quarter to eight o'clock; my lodgers are working men - I had two others, one of them is here; if a man wants to go out early he can pull the lock back and open the door; I had not moved any of my goods about this time. I have had the glass about five years, and have a mark on it, which I can swear to; any body might see it hanging in Bailey's room, if the parlour door was open - his is a private house; Smith was discharged a week after the 24th of January, and retaken on the 17th of May.


                  ANDREW 
                  BIGGS
               



            . I lodged at Daniel's house at this time, and slept in the adjoining room to Smith; I have to go through his room to get to mine - he came to bed after me on the night before the glass was missed; I did not hear him come to bed. Between one and two o'clock on the morning of the 19th I saw a light shining under the door of his room; I got up, went into his room, and said I was afraid he had left the candle near the bed, and danger might arise - he was laying on the bed, with his clothes on, quite dressed, and the candle was placed very near the grate; he told me to go into my own room, and not trouble myself with him; I went away, and went to sleep; I awoke again, and heard the clock strike four; the candle was then burning, but I did not see it afterwards.


                  ADAM 
                  HIGH
               



            . I am an officer of the Thames Police. Smith was given into my custody on the 24th of January; I asked where he lived, and he refused to tell me; I asked again, and he said sometimes in one place and sometimes in another, but refused to say where; I asked if he wished to send for any body; he said No, but after the examination he sent me to the prisoner Bailey; I found him at work at a house in Bedford-square, Commercial-road, and told him Smith wished him to come to him in prison; he said he would go. I told him he was charged with stealing a looking-glass. Daniels, who was with me, hadsome conversation with Bailey, who promised that he would have some conversation with Smith, and get out of him what had become with the glass if he could, and that he would let Daniels know the result. I saw Bailey at the office about a week afterwards, and asked if he had seen Smith - he said Yes, and that he believed he knew nothing about the glass at all, and that he himself never knew any harm of him; Smith was discharged, and Bailey, he, and Bailey's wife, as I suppose, all went away together; Bailey's wife was at the office with him all day, till Smith was discharged. On the 17th of May a warrant was put into my hands, and I went, with Daniels and Blabey, to No. 9, Robert-street, Bethnal-green; I saw the same woman in the house as I had seen with Bailey; this looking-glass was in the room - Daniels said it was his, but it had been altered; I brought it away, and have it here. I went that day to Tottenham-court-road, and found Bailey working at a house there, as a carpenter - I told him I had been to his house, No. 9, Robert-street - he said he lived there when I asked him; I said, "The glass we have found in your house is said to be stolen from Mr. Daniels;" he said, "That glass - I bought it at a sale in Gracechurch-street;" I asked what he gave for it - he said 5l., about two years ago; I asked who was the auctioneer - he said Mitchell, of Norton-falgate. I took him into custody, and on our way to the office he said, that when he bought the glass it was in a mahogany frame, and he had since had a new gilt frame put to it, and that he could produce the person who had put the frame to it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you take Smith? A. Yes, the first time - it was on the 24th of January that I told Bailey that Smith was taken for stealing the glass; he knew I was an officer. I did not know where he lived till the 17th of May - he did not deny the house being his.


                  ANN 
                  FORBES
               



            . I live in the Dog-row, Bethnal-green - Bailey lives a good way from me; his daughter came to my house in the winter, about January or February - she is a young woman; she came with her sister; one stood over the way, opposite my window - the other came over, and said something, and in a very few minutes brought a looking-glass over - they said it was a looking-glass; I did not unpack it - it was taken away sometime afterwards.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FOSSEY
               



            . I live with Mr. Pitcher, a looking-glass manufacturer, at No. 16, High-street, Shoreditch. I remember the day of the Duke of York's funeral - I think about a week before that a man and a woman brought a looking-glass to the shop, and I took it of them; Bailey is the man, I am quite sure; I saw him at the Thames Police-office afterwards, and saw the woman at a public-house just by the office, with two ladies. I am sure Bailey is the man who brought the glass - they asked if we brouzed glasses over, and the woman said, "We want this glass done over" - the frame was all gilt then; she said they wished some parts of it bronzed, like one which I showed them in the shop - I did it according to her direction, and should know it again - we kept it till the day of the Duke of York's funeral; the same woman who brought it then called, and asked if it was done; I said Yes, and showed it to her; she approved of it, and asked me to take it home - I took it to a street on the left-hand side of Bethnal-green-road, and the house was on the lefthand of the street - I think it was No. 9; she went with me, and I left it there; I am sure Bailey is the man who accompanied the woman with it. (Looking at the glass) I am certain this is it; the parts which are now bronzed were gilt before - we were obliged to take the glass out of the frame while we did it - we put this black stripe inside the frame.
Cross-examined. Q. Were there not two brass things to nail it to the wall? A. I think not.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BLABEY
               



            . I am an officer, and accompanied High - I know nothing more.
Cross-examined. Q. Was the glass nailed to Bailey's wall? A. It hung up.
GEORGE DANIELS. This is my glass - I can swear to it; it was all gilt when I lost it; some part is now bronze - I know it by a bruise in the frame, and a defect in the quick-silvering - it was valued by an appraiser at 4l. 10s. - it is worth 4l. now - I have been in this trade myself.
Cross-examined. Q. Were these defects in the frame when you bought it? A. Yes; it was not new then; I bought it five years ago - it was not nailed at all.
BAILEY's Defence. I bought it and paid for it honestly.
Two witnesses gave Smith a good character, and four deposed the same for Bailey.
SMITH - GUILTY - 


               DEATH
            .




               Recommended to Mercy, in consequence of his good character
            .
BAILEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 46.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
