






256. 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  TITMUS
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HATT
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3d of January
, a box, value 10 s.; two pieces of patch-work, value 5 s., and a writing desk, value 2 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Emma 
                  Jones
               




            , spinster
.
2d and 3d COUNTS, charging Titmus with stealing, and Hatt with feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen.
EMMA JONES. I am single, and live at No. 87, Lisson-grove. I had a box, with some patch-work and a writing desk, which I left about the end of May, at Oswestry. I have seen them since at Marlborough-street.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MOBBS
               



            . I was in Piccadilly on the evening of the 3d of January, about half-past nine o'clock, near the end of Down-street


 - I saw Titmus take this box from the roof of a coach, and put it into a chaise, which was following the coach; the coach was still going on. When he had done that he pursued the coach again; Smith followed: I stopped him, and asked where the box was; he denied all knowledge of it. The prisoner Hatt was driving the chaise. The box was locked at the time, but the key was with it.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. Where was youat the time? A. I and Smith were walking down Piccadilly; there was one person on the coach besides the coachman. I did not see the guard; it was the Hibernian Holyhead coach, coming to London; it was quite dark, and I was walking on the pavement; we stopped the gig about twenty yards from the coach; they were going the same way, and the gig followed the coach. We stopped it about three minutes after it was taken. Wilson took Titmus by the side of the coach, the second time he went to it; it was not a quarter of a mile from the White-horse cellar.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What distance were you from the chaise? A. I was about twenty yards behind it. When I saw Titmus place the box in the chaise I did not see who was in the chaise; I came up to the chaise in two or three minutes, and saw Hatt in it. I know by their dress that Titmus was the man who took it from the coach; he stood on the spring, and removed it from the off side. I did not see any other person behind the coach.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILSON
               



            . On the evening of the 3d of January, about half-past nine o'clock, I received information from Mobbs - I then saw the prisoner Titmus follow the coach, and get up, and ride about two hundred yards - he then got down, and I apprehended him. I found on him a white handkerchief, and a silver tooth-pick - he had a dark frock on. I asked what he had been doing; he said he had been doing nothing. Down-street is the next turning to Park-street.


                  RICHARD 
                  TRIPP
               



            . I am guard to this coach. I was sitting on the top, with my back stooping down, because it rained so fast: my back was towards the roof. I had put this box on the top of the coach myself, at Birmingham - it had a small piece of string round it, and a key; the strap was over it, but it might be taken out.
Cross-examined. Q. How is it possible for a man to take a box off the coach without you seeing him? A. He could get up on the off side without my seeing him, as I was looking rather towards the near side - when he was on the spring he could get the box off without my seeing him. I was not asleep. I turned round about half way up the hill, and missed the box. I joined the coach at Shrewsbury, and put this box on the coach myself.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was with Mobbs on the 3d of January. I did not see the box taken from the coach, but saw the man with the box on his arm; he took it to a one-horse chaise, and put it in. I had seen him twenty or thirty yards before he got to the chaise, very distinctly. I looked out for that man afterwards, and can swear to his person it was the prisoner Titmus - I had seen him for three or four minutes.
Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. I am a patrol of Bow-street. I was walking on the pavement - I did not see him get from the chaise, but saw him come from the coach with the box; I saw his features plainly: I was about fifteen yards from him. I have been a Bow-street patrol twelve months. I can swear to his person; I was not six yards from the gig when he put the box into it. His coat was a dark one, but I cannot tell whether it was blue or brown. Who else was in the gig I cannot say. I am quite certain Titmus was the man.
TITMUS'S Defence. I had been looking for a situation, and was returning home to my family when the officer stopped me, for a crime which I am totally unconscious of.
Two witnesses gave each of the prisoners a good character.
WILLIAM WILSON re-examined. Q. Had Titmus an umbrella with him? A. No. I am quite sure he is the person who came down from the coach - I was not five yards from him. It was Lincoln and Mobbs who stopped the gig.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MOBBS
               



             re-examined. Q. How came you to stop the gig? A. Because I saw the parcel put into it.
TITMUS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. Of stealing.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HATT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. Of receiving.
