





2089. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MALONEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of October
, 4 rings, value 11s.; 2 brooches, value 5s., and 1 pair of ear-rings, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Solomon
               




            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  WOOLF
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Henry Solomon, a refiner
 and silversmith
; he deals in rings
; the prisoner came into his shop with a woman who has been discharged; they asked to look at some ear-rings; I shewed them the 4s. bowl, with ear-rings, seals, and rings in it - the woman was going to pay me for a pair of ear-rings, when I sent for an officer, and gave them into custody, because I had seen the prisoner take up rings between his fingers, and make an excuse to pull out his handkerchief, and leave the rings in his pocket; I sent for an officer - a ring and brooch were found on him, and three rings in my hat, which happened to be on the counter; two rings and a brooch I found on the ground; they were all my master's.


                  THOMAS 
                  CUSS
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, and searched the prisoner; I found a brooch and a ring in his right-hand waistcoat pocket; three rings in the shopman's hat, which stood close to the prisoner on the counter, and this brooch and a pair of ear-rings were behind the counter.
Prisoner's Defence. The young woman offered him some money for them, which he would not take; he got into a passion, and snatched the bowl away, and dropped some of them; the ring and brooch which were found on me I had got out of pawn that morning; he said at Bow-street he could not swear to them.
SAMUEL WOOLF. I said I could not swear to any of them, for we have a number of articles all like these.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
