





2000. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SHEPPARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of October
, 1 silver tea-pot, value 3l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Hamer
               




            ; and that at the delivery of the King's Gaol of Newgate, on the 6th of December, in the 8th year of His Majesty's Reign, he was convicted of felony by the name of Thomas Millgrave Sheppard.


                  SANTE 
                  CAPITANI
               



            . I am an Italian, and am in the service of Mr. Richard Pullen, who lives at Mr. Samuel Hamer's, No. 74, Wimpole-street


. On the 23rd of October, between four and five o'clock, I saw the prisoner go up the area steps; I suspected all was not right, and went after him - as he was walking up Wimpole-street I overtook him, and asked what he had got - he said, "Take it;" and gave me this tea-pot, which belongs to Mr. Hamer - he then ran from me, and through several streets to Oxford-street; he went into a house and I lost sight of him - an officer came up and I went home - this was on Friday, and I saw the prisoner again on the Sunday: I am quite sure he is the man; I recollect his face perfectly - I took particular notice of him.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. I believe he was quite a stranger to you? A. Yes; I was in my own room adjoining the pantry, his side was towards me; I went to the top of the area steps and saw him walking - I then got my hat and went after him; he had got as far as the corner of Little Wimpole-street - when I got the tea-pot he ran away; there were people in the street - I went into the house he went into, but could not find him; a good many people went in with me - he was walking when he gave me the tea-pot.
COURT. Q. Are you quite certain he is the man who gave you the tea-pot? A. Yes; I am quite positive of it.


                  MARY 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Samuel Hamer. This is his tea-pot, and was taken out of the pantry; I do not know the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you out at the time? A. No; I was up stairs; this tea-pot was on the pantry table; the witness' room is on the other side of the passage - I saw the tea-pot safe about four o'clock; it was brought back between five and six o'clock.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I heard of the robbery, and received information that the prisoner was the person who ran away; I went to Paddington and took him - he said he knew nothing of it; the witness identified him.
Cross-examined. Q.Where did the witness see him? A. He was in our office, and when I brought in the prisoner, he said, "That is the man."
Prisoner's Defence. I am placed in awkward circumstances, having had an indictment against me before of which I was found guilty; I was out of work, and went out that day to go to Putney - I met a friend in Cumberland-street and had a pot of ale with him; we went to several public-house - I got tipsy at a public-house in Edgware-road - it was half-past four o'clock, and he advised me to go home; I called on a friend at a cottage, and she advised me to go home, which I did, and stopped all night; the officers knew where I lived, and if guilty I should have absconded; I was not within two miles of the prosecutor's.


                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITH
               



            . I am a hackney-coachman, and live at No. 17, Moor-street, Bryanstone-square. I know the prisoner, and was with him yesterday week, from three o'clock in the afternoon till five - we first went and had a pot of ale at the Pitt's Head, Cumberland-street, Bryanstone-square; we smoked a pipe, and might stop for an hour - we then went to a public-house in the New-road, Edgware-road, took a little drop of gin, and I think we left at half-past four o'clock or nearly five.
COURT. Q. You are a hackney-coachman? A. Yes, and have been so about twelve years - I drive No. 19; I had been that day to Essex-street to get entered, which makes me so positive of the day; I have known the prisoner three or four years, but we were not particularly intimate -I have drank with him - I do not know how he gets his living; I never heard that he was in trouble two years ago; we have not drank very often - I rather think I paid that day for what was drank; I am a night coachman - I believe him to be very honest, and never knew him to be charged with felony - if he had said so himself in Court I would not believe it.


                  SARAH 
                  HANNER
               



            . My husband is a tailor, and lives in the cottages at the bottom of the Harrow-road. The prisoner came to our cottage yesterday week, about five minutes before five, or it might be ten minutes - he was rather intoxicated; I sent my daughter for his wife, and she came a few minutes after - the prisoner staid about half an hour, and I went home with him to his own cottage, some little distance below mine - he lodged with me about six months from March last.
COURT. Q. Do you know Wimpole-street? A. No; these cottages are at the bottom of the wharf, near the Grand Junction Canal - the streets are not named; I know a Wimpole-street, Marylebone - I should think it is about two miles off; I do not often see the prisoner - I do not minute the time when he comes to see me, but my children were coming from school, and I told them to come home before five, as I had some things to send home to the Elm Tree-road - the prisoner left me about eight or nine weeks ago - it may be eleven weeks; I know his wife - I understood he was a painter by trade; I never heard any thing against him - if he had asserted in this Court that he had been tried and convicted I would not believe it; I think I saw him on the Thursday - I see him almost every day; I believe I had seen him on the Wednesday - I do not think I saw him on the Monday or the Tuesday.
ANN ROGERS. My husband is a journeyman carpenter - we live at No. 5, Earl-street, Lisson-grove. I was working for Hanner yesterday week at her cottage, as a laundress - I saw the prisoner there that evening; he had a blue coat on and a great coat over it - he was not quite sober - he had been drinking; this was nearer five o'clock than four - I recollect his leaving to go home.

COURT. Q. What made you tell us the coloured coat he had on? A. I had no particular reason - I have seen him a great many times; my husband does not know him - I do not know much of him; I never changed ten words with him - I remember the time because I was ironing a dress that was to go home at five o'clock; I have seen the prisoner with a brown great coat, and I think he had it on then - I never heard any thing against him; Mrs. Hanner told me to come here - I did not go before the Magistrate.
PHILIP WEBSTER. I produce a certificate of the conviction of the prisoner by the name of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Millgrove Sheppard
               



            , on the 6th of December, in the 8th year of his present Majesty's reign; I attended his trial by order of the Magistrate, and I know he is the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Life
            .
