





788. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     PERKINS
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of May
, one watch, value 3 l.; one chain, value 1 s., and one key, value 6 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Bowers
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Ralph 
                        Ebert
                     



.


                  JAMES 
                  BOWERS
               



            . I am a bricklayer
; and lodge at Hadley, Middlesex


, at 
               
                  Ralph 
                  Ebert
               



            's house. I have the front room, up stairs; the prisoner lodged in the same room; I lost my watch on the morning of the 31st of May, he had gone out very early in the morning; I missed it from the chair when I got up, it was silver; I have had it ten years, and gave 5 l. for it; it had a steel chain. He never returned, he had lodged there three weeks, and did not say he was going - I found him the same day at High-gate, in custody with the watch.


                  THOMAS 
                  BRETT
               



            . I am an officer. About half-past three o'clock in the morning, I was going down Highgate-hill, the prisoner came towards me, in a direction from Hadley; I stopped him, and searched him, and found the watch in his waistcoat pocket - he could not tell the maker's name; I asked where he came from, he said, from Barnet, about three o'clock - I said, that was impossible; and I was sure he had stolen it, and gave him in charge; I found it belonged to Bowers.


                  JOHN 
                  LOPPENT
               



            . I took him into custody; he told me he took it off the chair.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He said, at Bow-street, he had it nine years.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
