





1742. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  , alias 
SPRANG





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th August
, 16 quires of paper, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John Gratwick 
                     Clements
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GRATWICK CLEMENTS
               



            . I am a bookseller and stationer
, and live in Little Pulteney-street


. I was in the parlour, behind my shop, on the 10th of August, and saw the prisoner come into the shop with long strides, and lay hold of the paper, which was at the farthest extremity of the shop - he had to reach over the counter to get it. I ran out, and he dropped it on the counter - he had moved it about a yard. I gave an alarm, and followed him. He was stopped in my sight.
Prisoner. Q. Were you not sitting in your parlour at the time? A. No, I was standing - I did not see you with a pipe in your hand; there is a curtain before my parlour window - but I was looking, because I had been robbed the night before.


                  THOMAS 
                  PENNY
               



            . I heard the cry of Stop thief! and ran out - the prisoner went some distance, through three or four courts, and came round into the street again. I had an opportunity of seeing him plainly when he came out of the shop, and am quite certain he is the man - I have no doubt whatever - he said at the office that he went in to buy a sheet of paper - I saw no pipe upon him at all.
Prisoner's Defence. I went out to buy some tobacco. I saw no one in the shop; I took a bit of paper out of my pocket to light my pipe from the gas, and it was the shadow of my arm that he saw when he came out. I certainly did run, but it was to avoid the unpleasantness of being locked up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
