





920. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, one gold chain, value 8 l.; one seal, value 2 l., and one ring, value 5 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Barlow
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BARLOW
               



            . On the 4th of July, about nine o'clock at night, the prisoner met me exactly opposite the end of Catherine Wheel-alley


. I was walking up the street, and he was coming down, and at that instant he made a violent snatch at my watch-chain; he got the chain, seal and ring, and then directly ran up the alley. I pursued crying stop thief; the alley is very narrow, he was stopped there, and taken into a public house close by, and was given in charge, but nothing was found on him; there was a strong light at the corner of the alley; I saw him clearly, and did not lose sight of him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BURTON
               



            . On this night I heard the alarm in my bar, I ran out, and stopped the prisoner in the alley.


                  JOSEPH 
                  GREGORY
               



            . On the 14th of July I was at the end of the next street, heard the alarm, and ran towards it. I pursued the prisoner, and came up with him in the alley; next morning I went there as soon as it was daylight, and was going away without finding it, but happening to kick my heel against a stable gate I found the chain - it was about four o'clock - at five I went to the spot where the robbery was committed, and found the key.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
