






828. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  COWLEY
               




             and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  FOSTER
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of March
, 75lbs. weight of flour, value 13s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Aldridge
               




            .
WILLIAM ALDRIDGE. I am a baker
, and live in Coppice-row, Clerkenwell


. The prisoner Foster was in my service; on the 28th of March two persons came from the watch-house, and asked if I had lost any flour - they had some in a bag; the bag was not mine, but the flour was; it had been in my flour-house which opens by a flap into the street; I missed 80lbs. of flour out of a sack which was full the night before.
Prisoner FOSTER. My master told me to put some fresh and some old flour into the bin; I had not enough to make my dough, and I took that out of the sack. Witness. No, there was enough without opening that at all; he wanted about 80lbs. to make his dough - there was enough of the other flour which I saw in the trough; I can tell within a peck; I saw the flour at the watch-house, and it was precisely the same as that in the sack.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ROOT
               



            . I am a watchman of Clerkenwell. I was going to get a light of the next watchman, and met Cowley coming up Pear-tree-court, about three hundred yards from Mr. Aldridge's, with a bag on his shoulder - I called twice to know what he had got, but he gave no answer - I went up and said, "What have you got here?" he put it down, and said he found it; I said, "You must go to the watch-house, and take the flour;" he said he would not - I called another watchman - we secured him.
Prisoner COWLEY. Q. Did I not say I had picked it up? A. No; you did not stop till I put my hand on it - you then pointed to a corner which I had passed two or three times just before, and said you had found it there.


                  THOMAS 
                  GARNER
               



            . I am the watch-house keeper. Cowley was brought there about one o'clock on the 28th of March, with a bag of flour, and when I went out I knocked at Mr. Aldridge's cellar, and asked if he was there; I was told by Foster, (to the best of my belief,) that he was not - I left word that some flour was found, and was at the watch-house, and if he came there he might see it; I think the answer I received was, "Very well;" after Mr. Aldridge was up I went to his house again - he came and saw the flour, which he said he believed was his - he then searched over his flour and missed it; he inquired what house Cowley belonged to, and he said the Marquis of Gransby, which was the same house his man belonged to.
COURT to 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ALDRIDGE
               



            . Q. Who did you leave in the cellar? A. Only Foster - he was to remain there, and call me up at three o'clock, which he did, but did not say any one had been inquiring for me; I have a sample from the sack, and it corresponds with this.


                  JAMES 
                  PERRIN
               



            . I am a baker. I have compared the flour that was found with that in the sack, and they appear to me to be both the same.


                  JOHN 
                  BOWYER
               



            . I received the sack of flour from the witness and gave it to Mr. Garner.
FOSTER's Defence. This man is quite a stranger to me; he does not belong to the house of call to which I do; Mr. Aldridge is not the only gentleman who has the same sort of flour.
COURT to WILLIAM ALDRIDGE. Q. Do you know any thing about Cowley? A. They both used one house, and I have heard that he and my man were about together; I do not think Foster would have wanted any flour to make up the dough, but if he did, it could not be near the quantity missing; I am certain there was nearly, if not quite, enough - I can tell within a peck.
COWLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 43.
FOSTER. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
