





SECOND DAY. FRIDAY, JULY 13.
Second Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1365. 
               
                  ANDREW 
                  MOWATT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 1st of July
, 1 fowling-piece, value 10s.; 2 shifts, value 4s.; 1 counterpane, value 5s.; 1 pair of sheets, value 4s.; 3 napkins, value 1s.; 2 shirts, value 8s.; 7 waistcoats, value 14s.; 3 pairs of pantaloons, value 1l.; 1 shawl, value 1l.; 2 gowns, value 30s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 3 table-cloths, value 4s.; 1 coat, value 10s.; 1 petticoat, value 2s.; 1 night gown, value 1s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2d.; 1 crown, 2 half-crowns, 4 shillings, 2 pence, and 1 farthing, the property of 
                     
                        John 
                        Gingell
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Anderson
                     



.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALEXANDER
               



            . I lodge in Conduit-place, Paddington


, exactly opposite to Mr. Anderson, where Gingell lives. On Sunday, the 1st of July, about twelve o'clock in the day. I saw the prisoner in Anderson's yard, with a bundle - I kept looking at him, not knowing whether he had stolen it; but a man came out. crying Stop thief! I immediately ran out towards the fence of the Grand Junction premises and the prisoner came running round the corner and dropped this bundle - I am sure he is the man; I secured him - the bundle was claimed by Gingell.


                  ROSANA 
                  GINGELL
               



            . I am the wife of John Gingell - we live in Anderson's house. I am his servant. On Sunday, about eleven o'clock, I dressed myself and went to a place of worship. I left every thing safe - I came home after twelve o'clock, and found the prisoner in custody with the bundle, containing this property, which I had left in different drawers in two rooms, on the ground floor; the window was about three inches open when I went out - a person in the yard could open it; I had left the servant girl at home - the property is worth 7l.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  MARY 
                  WELSH
               



            . Gingell left me at home. I was in the kitchen - I heard no alarm at all; I went to the bed-room door and could not open it. I then went to the engine house, to ask Mr. Gingell if he had locked it - he came down with me; we then found the door open and the property gone - the drawers were open. I went out and saw a man in the yard, he ran away; and the prisoner was brought back - he was tying up the bundle on the pipes in the yard when I saw him - I will not swear to his person.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking in the fields and was suddenly taken ill - I went into an empty house by this place, for a necessary purpose, and in about five minutes this man came in, and said "Here he is, come out," and charged me with the robbery.
GUILTY. Aged 19. 


               Of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
