





SIXTH DAY. WEDNESDAY, APRIL 12.
London Cases, First Jury.
Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
868. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  PAYNE alias 
JOHN BROWN





             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of February
, 1 wrapper, value 6d., and 20 yards of woollen cloth, value 15l.
            , the goods 
               
                  Zachary 
                  Langton
               




             and others, his partners.


                  HENRY 
                  BATTEN
               



            . I am clerk in the employ of Messers. Pickford and Co. I received a truss from the Angel Inn, Fleet-market, on Thursday, the 23d of February, directed to 
               
                  Joshua 
                  Lever
               



            , Bolton, Lancashire; we were to convey it to Manchester.


                  JAMES 
                  POWNER
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Pickford. On the evening of the 23d of February I was in the office, at the Castle Inn, Wood-street, and saw the prisoner come off the shafts of a waggon, with a truss on his shoulder - it was going to the City basin, and was directed to James Lever, Bolton. I followed him, and stopped him in Wood-street; the truss fell and I fell - he ran away; I followed, and called Stop thief! I saw him in a few minutes, and have no doubt of him.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am in the employ of Messrs. Pickford and Co. I loaded a truss on their waggon in the yard on the 23d of February, about half-past ten o'clock; on the fore part of it - it was directed to Joshua Lever, Bolton, Lancashire.


                  JAMES 
                  GREIVES
               



            . On this evening I was at my door, opposite the gateway. I heard the cry of Stop thief! ran out, and saw the truss in the street; I took it up - the witness ran after the prisoner, down Love-lane, and in a minute afterwards I saw him brought back.


                  JAMES 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I work for Messrs. Pickford. I saw Grieves take the truss up, and brought it to the office while the prisoner was in the yard.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am a constable. I received the prisoner and this truss.


                  JAMES 
                  POWNER
               



            . This is the truss - it is the property of Messrs. Pickford and Co - Zachary Langton is one of their partners.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
