







377. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GIBBS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SHEEN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HAMSTONE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of January
, a handkerchief, value 6 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Chandless
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a milkman. On the 8th of January, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I was serving milk in Chancery-lane, and saw the three prisoners in company together by Lincoln's Inn-gate


, following the prosecutor. Gibbs was close to him, Sheen by his side, and Hamstone behind him. Mr. Chandless crossed the road and through the gate; they followed him quite close. I put my pails down and followed, and just by the passage leading to the Student's hall


, I saw Gibbs lift up Mr. Chandless's coat, and take the handkerchief out. Sheen was quite close to him, and Hamstone rather behind. I separated them. Gibbs ran towards me and I caught him; he struggled and threw the handkerchief down. I picked it up, and called to a gentleman to secure Sheen, which he did; and between six and seven o'clock that night, I described Hamstone to Wainwright, who took me to a coffee-shop, and I pointed him out there. I gave the handkerchief to Edwards.


                  THOMAS 
                  AKHURST
               



            . I am a porter to the Honourable Society of Lincoln's Inn. About half-past three o'clock I heard a bustle, and found Williams holding Gibbs. I took charge of Sheen. I had seen Hamstone in company with them a quarter of an hour before, in Chancery-lane.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN EDWARDS
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden. The prisoners were brought to the office. I found a good silk handkerchief in Sheen's hat.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WAINWRIGHT
               



            . I am an officer. In consequenceof information, I took Williams to a coffee-shop, in West-street, and found Hamstone there - he immediately identified him. I asked if he had been in the neighbourhood of Lincoln's Inn - he said he had, and had seen Williams run after two boys; but he knew nothing of the robbery.


                  JOHN 
                  CHANDLESS
               



            . I was going through Lincoln's Inn, felt a snatch at my pocket, put my hand down, and saw Gibbs in custody of Williams, who had my handkerchief in his hand.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
SHEEN's Defence. I was walking before this gentleman, and by the side of another gentleman, and heard an alarm, turned round, and saw this man holding Gibbs; he said,
"Stop that boy;" the gentleman said,
"Does he mean you" - I said,
"I don't know, but I will go back with you."
HAMSTONE'S Defence. I was crossing the Inn, and saw a gentleman following the boys, but know nothing about it.
GIBBS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
SHEEN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
HAMSTONE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
