





380. 
               
                  
                     CLARA 
                     SUTTON
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of November
, 1 bag, value 3d.; 1 frock, value3s.; 1 petticoat, value 2s.; 1 pair of stays, value 4s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 9d.; 1 pair of shoes, value 3s.; 1 pair of mittens, value 6d., and 1 apron, value 8d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Spratt
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Dinah 
                           Spratt
                        



.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SPRATT
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Brides
, and live in Black-horse-court, Fleet-street - my daughter Dinah belongs to Bridge-ward School
, and she received her bag of clothes from that school on the 18th of November - the duplicates of these goods were afterwards found, and they were redeemed.


                  DINAH 
                  SPRATT
               



            . I am eleven years of age, and belong Bridge-ward School. I received the bag containing the articles stated - I was going home down Ludgate-hill


, and met the prisoner, who told me to go to Hatton-garden, call at a house, and tell the cook that a young lady wanted to speak to her - she said she would take my bag, as it would look so to take it to a lady's house; she took it off my arm, but she did not take my bonnet; as, she said, it would look so for a lady to hold a bonnet in the street, I might take that - I went to the house she described, but the cook said she knew no young lady.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am master of the Bridge-ward School - I got the duplicates and this property from Mr. Wells, the pawnbroker, of Broad-street, Bloomsbury, and Mr. Baker's.


                  EMMA 
                  HOLMES
               



            . The prisoner lived with some lodgers of mine, and left some duplicates in an old pocket-book - Mr. Martin took some of them, and got this property out of pawn; I went with him.


                  JOHN 
                  WENTWORTH
               



            . I am assistant to a pawnbroker - I delivered up this stays and petticoat to Martin.


                  DAVID 
                  TRAIL
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Wells, the pawnbroker - I gave up part of this property to Mr. Martin; it was pawned on the 18th of November - I cannot say by whom.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Life
            .
There were three other indicements against the prisoner.
