





1949. 
               
                  PHILIP 
                  POWELL
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of August
, 1 plane, value 1s.; 4 saws, value 10s.; 1 gauge, value 2s., and 1 square, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Reuben 
                  Edwards
               




            .
REUBEN EDWARDS. I am a master carpenter
. I lost these tools from my shop under my dwelling-house, in Liverpool-street, Bishopsgate


, between ten and eleven o'clock, on the 28th of August. I never saw the prisoner till he was at the watch-house.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MICKLEFIELD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, of Broad-street, Ratcliff. I have a hand-saw, pawned on the 28thof August, in the name of J. Williams. I do not know the prisoner - this is the duplicate of them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PUTMAN
               



            . I have two saws and a plane, which were pawned at Mr. Fleming's, in Whitechapel - this is the duplicate of them.


                  JAMES 
                  DRAPER
               



            . I saw the prisoner on the 7th of September, crossing the street from Gunpowder-alley, with a plough in his hand - Thompson, who was with me, ran up the alley, and came back with Mr. White, who told me to stop the prisoner - we took him to a public-house, and found several tools on him, which Mr. White claimed, and twenty-eight duplicates.


                  ANTHONY 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I took the prisoner on the 7th of September - I found those duplicates on him; some of which relate to this property.


                  REUBEN 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . This property is all mine.
Prisoner's Defence. A young man, who went to Bristol, gave me some duplicates to keep till he returned.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 41.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
