





Before Mr. Baron Garrow.
1171. 
               
                  CATHERINE 
                  GORMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of May
, a pelisse, value 35 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Welsh
                     



                  , spinster
, and two silver spoons, value 35 s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Stubbs
                     



                  , in his dwelling house
            .
MRS. SARAH STUBBS. I am the wife of John Stubbs. The prisoner was in our service for seven days: I discharged her on the 19th of May: she was going away, but in consequence of what one of my servants said I had her called back into the parlour; I then said
"Catherine, what have you got under your gown?" She said her pelisse; I asked her how it became her's - she said she had bought it: I told her to take it off, which she did, and still insisted on its being her's: I examined it - it is my sister's, Mary Welsh - she has worn it all the winter. I felt agitated, and directed inquiry to be made about the plate. I asked her if she had seen my spoons which were missing - she said not: I said she could not leave till she had told me what she had done with them - she said she knew nothing about them. I saw her push something down her bosom, and asked what she had there; she said Nothing: I found a duplicate there which lead me to Bird's.


                  ROBERT 
                  BIRD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Long-acre. I have two spoons which were pawned by the prisoner on the 18th of May.
Prisoner. Q. The person who stood by me handed them to you? A. I took them from you; she only asked for 10 s. on them - I said one would fetch that - she said that she was desired to bring two, and must do as she was bid by her master, who was Mr. Smith, of St. Martin's-lane.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not mean to keep them - I owed a person 10 s. - she said I must pawn something to pay her, or she would tell mistress that I had a child - I took the pelisse to redeem the spoons.
GUILTY. Aged 17.
Of 


               stealing to the value of 39 s. only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
