





1365. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  STAFFORD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 19th of June
, 3 corderoy jackets, value 12s., and 2 pairs of corderoy trousers, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Hurren
               




             and another.
JAMES HURREN. I am a slopseller
, and live in Wormwood-street


; I have a partner. On the 19th of June, about one o'clock, Selby came in and inquired if I had lost anything; I then missed these things which were tied up ready to be sent out - I had seen them safe ten minutes before, about six feet inside the shop; the prisoner was brought in with them, and said they were given to him by somebody, he was a stranger; the parcel contained three jackets and to pairs of trousers - the invoice, which had been stuck into it, was gone.


                  PHILIP 
                  SELBY
               



            . I am an officer. I was coming up Wormwood-street, and saw the prisoner with two more waiting about at the prosecutors' premises, and in a few minutes I saw one of the others come out of the shop with a parcel; they all three turned up a court; I went in and asked Mr. Hurren if he had lost anything. - I went out, but could not see them; I was going down Threadneedle-street in a chaise in about ten minutes and saw them all three together - the prisoner then had the parcel and when he saw me pull up the chaise, the threw it down and ran away - I jumped out and took it up; I lost sight of him for five or ten minutes, and saw him again in Bishopsgate-street; he was stopped by Thompson, who was in the chaise with me; I delivered the parcel to Mr. Hurren - I am quite certain of the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I was in a chaise with Selby; he pointed out three persons to me; I saw the prisoner drop he parcel - Selby picked it up; I went after the prisoner- I lost sight of him for about a minute. but am certain of him; I stopped him - he said the parcel was given to him by one of the others; I followed him into a corner of Leadenhall-market, which is no thoroughfare - the others took a different direction.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence (written.) I beg to state that I have lately come from Sheffield and am a perfect stranger to the schemes and villanies of London; I met two young men, one of whom I knew at Sheffield - they took me into a house and gave me some ale; in Wormwood-street one of them came up behind and gave me the parcel to carry - when the officer came up, they told me to run away, which I did, and threw the parcel down.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
