





772. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     JUDSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of June
, one watch, value 10 s.; one ribbon, value 2 d.; one seal, value 10 s.; one ring, value 1 d., and one key, value 1 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Dorrington
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  DORRINGTON
               



            . I am a bookbinder
, and live in Fountain-court, Strand. On the 16th of June, about half-past six o'clock, I went to Covent-garden Theatre


, and put my seals out of sight just as I got to the mob by the pit-door - I missed my watch after I was seated in the pit. In about half an hour afterwards the officer asked if any person had lost a watch. I went to Bow-street, and saw it there.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  ROBERT 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a patrol of Bow-street. On the 16th of June I was on duty in the passage of the pit; the prisoner came there just as the crowd were going in. I had seen him once or twice before when the people were going in. I saw him come out, wiping his face with his handkerchief, and walking gently away - he was going out at the entrance from Covent-garden - I stopped him, and said I believed he came there for no good purpose. On searching him I found the watch in his fob, with the ribbon tucked over inside his waistband. I asked him how he came by it? he said he bought it that morning of a young man in Cloth-fair, but he did not know who the young man was. I asked him if he knew the maker's name or the number? he said No.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did he say he said that in order to keep it and get the reward - A. No; at the second examination he said he found it in the pit.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before J. Vaillant, Esq.
