






1921. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  READY
               




             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  WILKS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of October
, 1 bag, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Turner
               




            .


                  HANNAH 
                  HARTLEY
               



            . I live at Harrow-on-the-hill; I was on Charles Turner's Pinner-coach, on the 11th of October, about five o'clock in the afternoon; I was in the dickey; we were near Fortune-gate


, about half way to Harrow - I observed the two prisoners running behind the coach - Wilks was holding the door open, and the other drew something out; they got it out, and Ready carried it - I alarmed the coachman, who pulled up; they ran immediately off - Ready ran into a ditch with the parcel, and Wilks ran a little way along the road, and then made through the hedge - I then saw them both run across a field; they had left the bag in the ditch, and Wilks had left his hat in the hedge - I saw them, and have no doubt they are the persons.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Could you tell what it was? A. I could not tell whether it was a bag or a parcel; I looked down on them, and they looked up at me; we were about the middle of the road.


                  JOHN 
                  HOPKINS
               



            . I was in a field by the side of the road; I heard the coach come by; I looked over the hedge, and saw the two prisoners behind the coach - I saw Wilks open the door, and the other put his arm in and take out the bag - he then came to the hedge, dropped it there, and took hold of a bramble and drew it over his face; he then got through the hedge, and Ready got through the hedge, and dropped his hat; they then ran across the field - I saw Ready taken, but not Wilks; I can swear positively to them.


                  CHARLES 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am owner of the coach; I had this bag in the hind boot; the witness gave me information, and I pulled up - I never lost sight of the prisoners till they were taken.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Where was this bag to have been delivered? A. To Mr. Roach; I took it there, and he gave it me again next morning.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COOK
               



            . I work on the road; I saw the two prisoners run behind the stage; I pursued and took Wilks; he had no hat, but it was afterwards found - I saw Ready running, and am certain of their persons.


                  EDWARD 
                  KITCHENER
               



            . I was with Cook; I saw the prisoners run behind the stage, and soon after, Mr. Turner called Stop thief! I saw them running across the field, and I took Ready - I am certain they are the persons.(Property produced and sworn to.)
WILKS' Defence. I was picking blackberries, and there was a dog came to me; I threw a stone at him, and he went howling away - I saw some gentlemen coming up to me, and I made through the hedge and ran off.
READY'S Defence. In going through the hedge, he must have lost sight of me; circumstances may appear against me, but I know nothing about it - I heard a noise, and said to Kitchner, "What is the matter;" he said,"They are calling after you;" I said, "I will go and see."
READY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
WILKS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
