





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Garrow
               



            .
1372. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WAYS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October
, a tanned horse hide, value 20 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Freeland
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am street-keeper of Bethnal-green. On the 12th of October, I saw the prisoner with another man, who had a hide under his right arm; they were walking one after the other, close together. I went up to the other man, and asked what he had got; I thought it was a bundle of linen - he made no answer; but the prisoner came behind him, and pushed him on - the man then ran to the corner, by the public-house. Jones took him, and took him in there to know what he had got; then the prisoner came behind, 
               drew
             the hide from under his arm, and ran away. I followed the prisoner; he fell down - I secured him with it under his arm. Gibbs came and took him to the watch-house.
Cross-examined by MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. How far from the prosecutor's did you see him - A. In James-street, opposite the warehouse, about a hundred yards from the warehouse. I do not know whether he heard what I said to the other man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I am an officer. Cooper sent for me. I found two knives and a key on the prisoner, which will open an inner door where this property is kept when it is singly locked, but not when double locked. The other man escaped.


                  THOMAS 
                  FREELAND
               



            . I live at Bethnal-green, and have a warehouse in James-street. On Sunday, the 12th of October, this hide was brought to my house - I know it to be mine, by a mark on it; it was wrapped in one of my men's aprons, marked T. F. - he has absconded. I have known the prisoner some years; he used to be drinking with my men.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you any mark of your own on it - A. It is the dresser's mark. I bought all the man had at the fair. I have missed property to a great amount. The key will unlock the door when single locked, but will not turn it a second time - but they can easily pull the bolt aside then. I have often found it on the single lock when I had double locked it. I have been robbed almost every Sunday for the last three years, to the amount of 300 l. in all.


                  JAMES 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a silk weaver. On Sunday evening, the 12th of October, I saw the prisoner talking with another man, and afterwards saw a man come down Granby-street,opposite James-street, with u bundle, and the prisoner after him. I ran for an officer. They came in a direction from Freeland's premises, in company together; we were going to take the man into a public-house to search him - the prisoner came and snatched the bundle from under his arm.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
