






FIFTH DAY. TUESDAY, APRIL 10.
First Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
822. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  LEACH
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               



            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March
, 16 sovereigns, 3 half sovereigns, 21 shillings, and one 5l. Bank note
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Keene
               




            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  HAGG
               



            . I am toll-collector at Red-hill turnpike, Denham, Bucks. On the 26th of March I put a 5l. Bank-note, 17l. 10s. in gold, and 26s. in a white cartridge paper parcel, which I tied and sealed, and directed to 
               
                  William 
                  Garlick
               



            , London, to be left at the bar of the Bell Inn, Holborn, till called for - I gave it to William Keene, the Wickham coachman
.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KEENE
               



            . I am the Wickham coachman. Hagg delivered me the parcel on the 26th of March, it was directed to Mr. Garlick - I took it to town, and gave it to Chase the book-keeper, at the Old Bell, Holborn, about ten in the morning, and told him if Garlick did not come for it, to send it by the prisoner Leach, who had attended my coach for some years, as a jobbing man - I used to send him with what money parcels I could not deliver myself - I saw Leach about the coach that morning - he was not in the office when I gave Chase the parcel - I came in with my coach next day, and Leach came into the office; Chase asked him if he had said any thing to me about the parcel which had not come to hand - he said he was afraid to tell me.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Then he had been speaking to Chase on the subject? A. I do not know - I have known Clark about twelve years - he was once porter at the Old Bell, and afterwards a cad to some of the coaches there; he sometimes had small parcels to carry - I have trusted Leach with 400l. at a time; I did not see Clark in the yard, but he plies there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CHASE
               



            . I am book-keeper at the Old Bell. On the 26th of March this parcel was delivered to me, directed to Mr. Garlick, London - I do not know where he lived - he often had money transmitted to him - I locked it up in my desk till about six o'clock in the evening, when I gave it to Leach - a female had called for it about five o'clock, she asked for a parcel which had come by the Wickham coach, directed for Mr. Garlick - she said she was Mrs. Garlick, but I refused to deliver it to her as she had no written order, and she went away - I delivered it to Leach about six o'clock, and told him to take it that evening without fail - he knew where Garlick lived - I told him about the woman calling for it - I had no doubt from its weight that it contained money, and believe I told him it was money - Clark was not present - next morning Garlick himself called for it - I saw Leach in about an hour, and asked what he had done with the parcel which I had delivered to him over night - he asked if it had not arrived safe - I told him No, and that Garlick had got a man in custody, who had had the parcel to take to him - Leach then said, that he was fearful it had not arrived safe, and he had had no rest all night, and he had come to the office earlier than usual to see Clark and be satisfied about it, for he had given it to him with directions to be sure and deliver it - they were well known to each other.
Cross-examined. Q. Leach had taken parcels for Garlick before? A. Yes, about three - I have since found that it was Mrs. Garlick who called for it - I do not know that Leach came earlier than usual - Clark said, a stranger had met him in the street, as he was going to the toll-house, and said his name was Garlick. Leach did jobs for the coachmen but not for us - I have known Clark nearly ten years.
COURT. Q. They must both know their duty was to deliver parcels no where but where they were directed? A. Certainly.
WILLIAM GARLICK. I am lessee of the turnpike-road, and live in Purim-place, Mile-end-road; this parcel never came to me - Leach has delivered me five or six from this toll-gate - Mrs. Garlick went for this parcel, but could not get it - she had come to town, and, knowing it was there, called for it - I should have approved of its being delivered to her.
Cross-examined. Q. Clark came to your turnpike? A. I was not present.
COURT. Q. Are your parcels delivered at the toll-gate? A. Yes, my house is close by - Leach used to leave them at the gate.


                  JOHN 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I am a constable. On the 26th of March, about a quarter before eight o'clock, I was at the Mile-end gate, by accident, and Miller, who had got there just before me, had detained Clark there; Mrs. Garlick and the toll-collector were there; they said Clark had been sent there with a parcel of money, and he came there, saying he had given it to a man about 300 yards from the gate - but being fearful he had done wrong, he had come to see if it was all right. Clark said the parcel was given to him by a man called Biscay (meaning Leach) to deliver at the turnpike; that a man in a rough coat tapped him on the shoulder. and said, "I come from Biscay, your name is Clark; you have got a parcel for me;" that he gave it, having his name and Biscay's so pat. I took him into custody, and as we came along, he pointed out where he said he had given it to the man - I found a 1l. note on him.

Cross-examined. Q. At what o'clock was it that you took him? A. A quarter before eight; he never varied in his account at all - the toll-house is about two miles from the Old Bell. I found a letter on him, directed to Mr. Butler, of Cheapside.
LEACH's Defence. Chase delivered me the parcel; I saw Clark, and asked where he was going - he said into the city; I said, "Then take this parcel and deliver it at the toll-house, and charge one shilling for yourself" - he gave me his word and honour that he would do so.
CLARK's Defence. He gave me the parcel at the Bell. and told me to deliver it safe; a man stopped me and said,"Your name is Biscay, you have a parcel for me - the man who sent you with it is Leach; I sent my wife for it this afternoon;" as such I gave it him - but in a few minutes I thought it might not be right, and went up to the turnpike to inquire.
WILLIAM GARLICK. I really think Clark is innocent - for I have since heard he is a silly sort of fellow, and would he likely to give up the parcel in the way which he has stated it.
- MILLER. I found one shilling on Clark.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LEACH - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
