





34. 
               
                  
                     JARVIS 
                     MURRELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of July
, 92lbs. weight of lead, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry Samuel 
                     Crane
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  SAMUEL CRANE
               



            . I am a manufacturing chemist
, and live at Stratford, in Essex


. I missed a piece of lead on the 19th of July - it had been cut out for a chemical vessel, and was in a shed; the prisoner had worked about my premises, and on the 10th of July had unloaded some coals for me, with a man named Connotly, but neither of them worked for me on the 19th of July.


                  HENRY 
                  CRANE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son. I knowthis lead to be my father's - I did not see the prisoner about there on the 18th or 19th of July.


                  CHARLES 
                  WYATT
               



            . I saw the prisoner on the 18th of July, about four o'clock in the afternoon, with this lead on his back; he was going down Cut Throat-lane, and Connelly with him - I knew him quite well; I got up into a tree, watched them, and saw them put the lead into some bushes, and go away - I went and told Mr. Giles' foreman, for whom I work; we went, got the lead, and put it into Mr. Giles' granary - this was in the Country of Middlesex.
Prisoner. The other had the lead. Witness. He had it first and then you took it.


                  JOHN 
                  BURNHAM
               



            . Wyatt came and told me of it; we went and took the lead to our master's granary - I shewed the same lead to the prosecutor.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a watchman. I produce the lead.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am in the habit of working in the coal business at various places, and I dare say I was coming along at the time this boy says he saw me with the lead, but he did not see me touch it; I have never been away from the place - I get up in the morning to go to work, and return at night.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
