





1012. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BULGER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of April, 1 saw, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Gardner 
                           Edwards
                        



                     
                  ; 1 axe, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Humphrey 
                           Jenkinson
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 plummet, value 4d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas Richard 
                     Stevens
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HAYLOCK
               



            . I am a constable at St. Katharine's Docks. I received information on the 21st of April, and looked for the prisoner, but could not find him; he works as a carpenter's labourer
 there: on the 22d I saw him coming out as the men left work - I stopped him, and asked what he had about him; he said Nothing: I said he had something in his hat and pockets - he said he had not, and made great resistance; his hat fell off: this piece of wood and two plummets fell out of it - I got him back to the works; he made great resistance, and got away; Ifollowed him - he ran into a vault, took out three other plummets, and threw them down; I called for assistance, and it took six persons to secure him, he made so much resistance; I found on him a key, and went to his lodging in Charles-court, in the Strand - the key opened the door of his room: I found the duplicate of this saw in a bag in the room, also these four other plummets, and this axe.


                  HANNAH 
                  DAVIS
               



            . The prisoner lodged with me. The officer came and searched his room, and found these things.


                  NATHANIEL 
                  BARNES
               



            . I live at Mr. Dobree's, a pawnbroker, at Charing-cross. I took in this saw, and gave this duplicate for it; I do not know to whom.
JOHN GARDNER EDWARDS. This is my saw - I lost it from St. Katharine's Docks; the prisoner worked there, for the same foreman.
THOMAS RICHARD STEVENS. One of these plummets is mine.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you lend me that plummet for Joe Williams? A. I might; we are in the habit of lending things.
HUMPHREY JENKINSON. This is my axe.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he had found the duplicate, and the axe in the Docks.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
