





1684. 
               
                  MARGARET 
                  DWYER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of April
, a blanket, value 10 s.; a cloak, value 12 s.; a shift, value 5 s.; a cap, value 1 s.; and an apron, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Ladley
                     




                  , her master
            .
THOMAS LADLEY. I am a licensed victualler
, and live in Little Castle-street


. The prisoner was in my service, and was discharged the latter end of April, or beginning of May. Soon after that I missed the articles stated in the indictment, from a drawer in the bed-room - I had lost the keys of the drawers a short time before she left. I met her the beginning of this month in Leicester-square, with my wife's cloak on.
Prisoner. I am now with child by him - the cloak is mine; I bought it in Ireland, and I bought the ticket of the blanket. My master gave me the other part of the property, and recommended me to another place.


                  SARAH 
                  LADLEY
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. This cloak I made myself, and know it to be mine. I missed it about the 18th of April.
Prisoner. She did not live in the house at the time - she was confined in Tothil-fields gaol. Witness. No - I came out on the 16th of April; I had been bound over to keep the peace; when I came out I did not return home, but my husband sent me my clothes; I then missed these articles.
Prisoner to THOMAS LADLEY. Q. Did not you give me these thing? A. No; I never gave her any thing, or took any liberty with her, or allowed her to take any thing.
Q. Did not you come to my bed-room and bring those things, throw them on the bed, and take liberties with me at the same time? A. I did not.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am an officer. I found this shawl at a pawnbroker's, by a duplicate found in the prisoner's pocket; the blanket had been pawned, and the duplicate lost, but I found the affidavit of it in her pocket - she said they were her own.
Prisoner's Defence. I sent for a tailor named Hawkes, and told him to go and tell my master that I must look to him for support for my child; he said it could not be; Mr. Ladley then came to me: I asked him what he had told my master: he said he told him I should suit him; I then asked him about the child, and he said it was no such thing. I lived in the house three weeks with Mr Glover, who kept it after Mr. Ladley left; so that he could not turn me away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
