





1276. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of September
, a certain male child
 named 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Scott
                        



                     
                  , under the age of ten years, (to wit,) of the age of seventeen months, feloniously by force did take and carry away, with intent to steal, one fur hat, value 6 d.; one handkerchief, value 6 d.; one frock, value 6 d.; two petticoats, value 1 s., and one pair of boots, value 4 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Hugh 
                           Scott
                        



                     
                  , being articles of apparel upon and about the person of the said child
            .
SECOND COUNT, for stealing the said goods.


                  ELIZA 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Hugh 
                  Scott
               



            ; my child is seventeen months old. On the 20th of September I was at work at my sister's in Widegate-street. About half-past eleven o'clock in the morning I sent my eldest boy down to mind the child; he returned in half an hour, ran up stairs to me, and said a woman had taken the child away. I ran as far as Shoreditch church to look after her, turned back, and when I got to Widegate-street the neighbours were all out. A person directed me to Rose-court, Spitalfields saying she had seen a child there that was lost. I went there and found my child there naked, with a white towel round it. A young man had picked it up in the ruins near Bell-lane. As I returned my boy came and said he had found the woman who took it with the clothes on her - they were the articles stated in the indictment, which it had on when it was lost. The shirt and spencer were left on it.


                  HUGH 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am ten years old; the child is my brother. I took him down by the pawnbroker's shop in Bishopsgate-street, and was holding it in my arms, the prisoner came, and asked to have a kiss of the child, I said she should not. She said,
"I will take it away;" I said
"You shan't, I will go and tell my mother." She pulled me back, knocked my head against the step of a door, pushed me down, and ran away with the child - she gave a boy a halfpenny to hold me down. I am quite positive she is the woman. I ran home, told my mother, and found the prisoner myself up an alley. I asked her where the child was? A lot of boys held her while I went to my mother. She said she had left the child with a woman while she cooked her husband's dinner.
Prisoner. Q. Did I take the child, my dear - A. Yes, I am sure it was her.


                  THOMAS 
                  CHESTER
               



            . I am a broker, and live in Widegate-alley. There was an uproar in the street, I ran out; Mrs. Scott said she had lost her child. Soon after, the boy came and said he had found the woman, the child had been found then. I went with the boy, and saw the prisoner in Angel-alley with the clothes. We took her to Bishopsgate watch-house - she said she would smash my eyes out.


                  JOSEPH 
                  LEVY
               



            . I was going to dinner, saw a crowd under the gateway, and saw this child crying - it was stripped. I took it to the beadle, and was enquiring for the churchwarden, I met the prosecutrix and gave it to her.


                  JAMES 
                  HUETT
               



            . I am a news-vender. I took the prisoner in Angel-alley, by desire of the boy, with the clothes. She resisted a great deal, I had great difficulty in securing her.


                  JAMES 
                  GREGORY
               



            . I am a constable of Bishopsgate. About one o'clock I found her at the watch-house with two petticoats, a boot, a frock, a fur hat, and in her pocket I found the other boot.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went up a turning near Rag Fair, and kicked against these clothes in a bundle. I met a woman and asked her to buy them, the boy came up, and said they were his brother's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
