






Before Mr. Justice Bayley.
52. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     INGS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of November

, 800 lbs. of lead, value 7 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Francis Darcy 
                           Bacon
                        



                     
                  , and fixed to a dwelling-house of his
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DRUCE
                  




               
             was indicted, for 


               feloniously receiving the same, knowing it to have been stolen
            .
SECOND COUNT stating it to have been fixed to a building.


                  JOHN 
                  CHAPMAN
               



            . I am a carpenter. I was employed by Major
 Francis Darcy Bacon to repair some buildings on Finchley Common



: the gutters of his three houses were leaded. On Monday morning, the 24th of November, I missed about 7 cwt., which I had seen safe about ten o'clock on Saturday morning. I traced footsteps of two persons from the house, and also four resting places. I traced them towards Druce's house, and sat up all night watching, and on Friday morning I saw his cart, which Barnes stopped. I afterwards took Ings and one Jordan. I saw some lead in possession of Atkins, and found the rest buried in Drnce's garden. There were between 3 and 4 cwt of lead, it fitted with the top of the building; the whole was stripped off. I have no doubt it came from this building.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am a carpenter. On Tuesday, I stopped Druce with his cart. I was with Chapman on the 24th; we traced footsteps 200 yards from his house, until we came to the turnpike road. When I saw Druce with his cart, I told him I was directed to stop him; he asked me for what, I said on suspicion of the lead in his cart; he said he had some lead, but he did not know where it came from, that Jordan and Ings were to meet him at the Maidenhead, Battle-bridge, to take the lead from him. I secured him. The lead was in two sacks in the cart; he also had some empty fish-baskets and a coat in the cart. We proceeded to the Maidenhead, but found nobody there. In the evening I apprehended Ings. I saw the lead compared with the building, it fitted. I had seen the two prisoners and Jordan together on the Saturday night about eight o'clock, at the Swan with two Necks public-house, Finchley Common. Ings had his coat tails tucked up into his pockets, somebody said to him,
"Why don't you put your tails down?" he said
"That is just fit for my business." They live about one hundred and fifty yards from the public-house. I saw Ings and Jordan at the same house on Friday night, about nine o'clock, talking very low, I heard one of them say,
"It won't do." Druce keeps an ass and cart, and goes about the country. He made no resistance.


                  THOMAS 
                  ATKINS
               



            . I am an officer. Dunce was brought to me by Barns. I matched the lead, and found it corresponded with the building.


                  ISAAC 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am bailiff to Major 
               Bacon
            . Chapman came to me on Tuesday, and I went with him to where Jordan worked, and took him, and next day I took Ings. The houses are called Coldarbour.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JORDAN
               



            . I am a gardener. I had been working for Mr. Mathews. On the Saturday night I saw Ings and Druce at the Swan with two Necks on Finchley Common. Ings had been talking about the house at Coldar-bour about a week before. We had no conversation about it on the Saturday night. Ings had said there was some lead in the gutters which might be got at; I said very well - he said, but we must have a ladder to get at it, and that he had been round the premises, and seen one laying there. He said nothing about it to Druce, but said to us on the Saturday night, that I must give him a good load of something before Christmas. Ings and I went to the house that night between eleven and twelve; Druce did not go. We took all the lead off the three gutters; it was about 7 cwt. We carried part at a time down in the meadow field which leads down to Druce's house; we then carried it on further, resting at times, and took it to Druce's house; he was at home; Ings went round to his windows, where he slept, and knocked; I saw him give out the shovel to dig a hole to bury it in the garden. I did not hear him say any thing. We buried it all in the garden. Ings went home, and I slept with Druce. (I lodge at the Swan.) I told Druce where we got it from, and what we had done with it. Ings and I met that day at Druce's house, and it was agreed that Druce should take it home on Monday morning, and we was to assist him in loading it; but we overslept ourselves, and did not go to Druce's on Monday, so it was not taken away. I was at the Swan on Sunday night; Druce was not there. On Tuesday morning I went to Druce's house between four and five o'clock - Ings did not come - Druce was up, and had a fire; and after having some tea, he said, " the harness is on the donkey, you can getsome of the lead out of the garden." He gave me the shovel; I went to the garden and dug up two pieces, and brought them into the house; he assisted me in putting them into two sacks, and then he helped me with them into the cart. I then left him; he said he should take them to London. I had not agreed to meet him any where.
BARNES re-examined. The lead had a little dirt on it; it has been brushed off outside - there were two pieces in each sack, and some clay on it. I could only trace the footsteps of two people; some were about the size of Ings's, the toe was very round. I did not see the prisoner at the Swan after eight o'clock on Saturday night.
ISSAC ROBINSON. Ings had round toed shoes on when I took him.
DRUCE's Defence. I was not with them five minutes on Saturday night.
INGS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DRUCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 60.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
