





690. 
               
                  FRANCES 
                  WRIGHT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of February
, 1 umbrella, value 5s., and 2 books, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Parrington
               




            .
WILLIAM PARRINGTON. I keep the Horse and Groom public-house at Hackney




; the prisoner was my servant
. On the 18th of January when I came down in the morning, my children gave me information; I missed a silk umbrella from its place, and the prisoner was out; she came back without it - I told her the children had seen her take it out - she denied it - I sent for an officer, who took her.


                  JOHN 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I am an officer, and was fatched. The prosecutor said his children had seen the prisoner take an umbrella out; she pointed to one which hung up, and said that was the one she took out, and had brought home again; The prosecutrix said that was there while she was out - I afterwards found this umbrella and two books at Bristow's.


                  JANE 
                  BRISTOW
               



            . The prisoner brought me an umbrella to repair on the 18th; and said she would call for it at twelve o'clock, as she had taken her place to go to Paddington; she asked if she might leave a small parcel, which she did, and it contained two books - I gave them all to the officer.
The prisoner put in a written defence, declaring that the articles were given her by Mrs. Perrington, instead of money, which she had agreed to allow her as chambermaid: but that the prosecutrix was frequently intoxicated and did not know what she was about; that the prosecutor had beaten his wife, and compelled her to deny giving them to her; it being done anknown to him, as they were constantly fighting.


                  JOHN 
                  GODDARD
               



            . She said nothing about the things being given to ber till her second examination at Worship-street - the case was remanded for Mrs. Perrington to confront her.
MRS. PERRINGTON. I did not give her the things; or allow her to take them or anything else.

Prisoner. She promised me some gowns and other things.
MRS.PERRINGTON. I did not; I had just bought the books for my little boy; I gave her nothing; when it was missed she said she never saw it - the top of the cap was broken; I had given her notice to leave that day.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 42.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
