





640. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GERRARD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of March
, 3 wooden boxes, value 2s., and 4lbs. of segars, value 6s. 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William Ferdinand 
                  Sintenis
               




            .
WILLIAM FERDINAND SINTENIS. I am a tobacconist
, and live in Langbourn-chambers, Fenchurch-street


. On the 29th of March these boxes of segars were in my stock room on the third floor. I came out, hearing an alarm, and found the prisoner on the stair-case with them in a bag under his arm - he said nothing, they are worth 6s.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am porter at the Lungbourn-chambers. I saw my wife on the first floor holding the prisoner, who was trying to get from her; he pulled her down one pair of stairs; the property had been taken from him before; he had no business there.


                  ELIZA 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am the wife of William Brown, and live on the third floor. I was coming out of my room opposite the store room, and saw the prisoner coming out of the store room with a bag in his hand; I asked him what he wanted, he said he was come from Mr. Sintenis; I opened the door and saw nobody there; I had got a key of the room; I went down to Mr. Sientenis's shop on the second floor - he came out; I collared the prisoner - he made a stop, and my daughter took the bag from him; he made a sudden rush and fell upon me - I broke my arm in the fall.


                  BETSEY 
                  BROWN
               



            . I heard my mother say "Who do you want?' she called me and I ran down to Mr. Sintenis' workshop; I rand down and said to the prisoner, "What did you go there for?" - he said
"By Mr. Sintenis' orders;" I seized his bag with the boxes of segars in it.


                  JOHN 
                  JUDD
               



            . I received him in charge.(Properly produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I had been out of employ a long time; I heard he could get me a ship and I went there; this parcel laid in the way. I stumbled over it, and they laid hold of me; I never offered to get away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
