





118. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LYNCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, three boots, value 24 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Reeve
                  



               
            , and 
               

                        John 
                        Reeve
                     



                  , Jun



            .


                  JOHN 
                  REEVE
               



            , SEN. I am a boot and shoe maker


; and live in High Holborn


. On the 31st of October, about six o'clock, as I sat in the kitchen, I heard a noise in the shop, went up, my man and two beadles brought the prisoner into the shop, and produced two boots, Robinson gave me a third boot, they were mine, and were safe five minutes before, he denied the charge, and tried to run out of the shop.


                  EDWARD 
                  BARKER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Reeve. I was in the shop, and heard a skirmishing by the door, and saw a person picking up some boots off some boxes, and run out of the shop with them in his arms, round King-street. I gave an alarm, and some gentlemen stopped him, and as I brought him back, I saw two boots, about thirty or forty yards from where we took him, in the way he run, another was found - I cannot swear he was the man I saw running out, as I only saw his back, only one man was running.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I was passing along Holborn, there was a cry of Stop thief! I saw a person running fast. I cannot say it was the prisoner; I picked up a boot.


                  JOHN 
                  KENDRICK
               



            . I am a beadle, and heard the alarm, several were running, and the prisoner was stopped. I let go of him in the shop, he immediately made a spring to get out. We found some of Reeves's shop tickets in his breeches pocket.


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I found them on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  REEVE
               



            . These tickets were attached to five boots, which I lost five minutes before, which have not been found. I asked him where he got the tickets - he would not answer.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw a man go from the shop, he threw some papers away, which I picked up, and followed him; this will explain how I got the tickets.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
