







473. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WEEDON
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     WORMWOOD
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WACKEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of January
, one hat, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Stringer
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  STRINGER
               



            . I am a Chelsea pensioner
. On the 20th of January, at half-past eleven o'clock at night, I was between George-street


 and the Three Crowns, public-house, Chelsea


, in my way home, three men stopped me, and asked me for my money - Wormwood was one of them. I said I had none, he snatched my hat off, and all three ran away; I called watch, and in about a quarter of an hour I saw the prisoners in custody. I was sober.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CHAMPION
               



            . I am an officer. About a quarter before twelve o'clock I was returning from duty down George-street, heard a man call watch, and saw the three prisoners running down on the opposite side of the way; I and Gill ran after them, they crossed, turned towards me, and stopped - each had a hat in his hand besides what he wore; they made a momentary stand, and Weedon said he could or would have had the old b - g - r's shoes. I seized them, and asked them how they came by those three hats, Weedon said,
"That is nothing to you, let me go." He used bad language, said he knew who we were, and he would not be taken by any bl - dy patrol. I said I should insist on knowing how they got the hats, he said
"What hat?" and immediately dropped his behind him. We secured them. The hats all appeared to belong to poor people. Wormwood had the prosecutor's - Weedon had two handkerchiefs, and a shawl. On his way to the watch-house he said he would cut his throat, and so I took a knife from him. I found the prosecutor about two hundred yards off - he was sober, and so were the prisoners.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  GILL
               



            . I was with Champion; his account his correct.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoners all pleaded intoxication.
WEEDON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
WORMWOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
WACKEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.






               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
