





1011. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  MURRAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of February
, 30 lbs. weight of iron, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  George 
                  Turner
               



             and 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Turner
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOWARD TURNER
               



            . I am brother to George Turner and Charlotte Turner; they are in partnership, as pump and engine manufacturers

 - the prisoner was quite a stranger - I know nothing of this matter.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I am a constable. On the 25th of February I saw the prisoner, and another young man, with him, near Red Lion-street, Holborn, about seven o'clock in the evening; it was quite dark; I followed him nearly a mile to Mr. Turner's factory, near the Temple, in Whitefriars; I saw the prisoner get over a high iron railing, andhand something over, but I could not see what it was, as it was dark; I know there was a great quantity of iron pipes for pumps, deposited there; they then went up a court by the side of the glass-house, which led them round to Water-lane. I followed them, but lost sight of them in a court; I then met them again in Shoe-lane (I had taken sufficient notice of them to know they were the same persons); when they got to the end of Shoe-lane the other one gave it again to the prisoner; I then took the prisoner, and asked him where he got it; he said a man gave it him to carry; his companion got away; I could not hold them both; I found it was this piece of iron-pipe - I took it down to Messrs. Turner's, and there we found a broken pipe - this piece exactly matched it.
Prisoner. Q. Was it not possible that when I got over the rails you could take me? A. Yes.
MR. TURNER. I saw this pipe brought back, and have no doubt whatever that it was a part of the stock there - it is worth about 1s. 6d.; the yard is surrounded by a high wall.
Prisoner's Defence. At the time he took it from under my arm, I looked round and told him that was the man who gave it me; he would not take him, but took me, and said, "Why did not you tell me what you had got, and I would have let you go?" he asked the night-constable if he was willing to let me go; he said "No," as the charge was given.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
