





192. 
               
                  ALEXANDER 
                  HUNT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of November
, 1 pair of shoes, value 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Isaac 
                  Brook
               




            .


                  ANN 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I am in the employ of Isaac Brook, a shoemaker
, of Cranbourne-passage


. On the 1st of November, between nine and ten o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came into the shop; there was no other person in the shop; he looked at several pairs of shoes, and then said, if I would give him a bill of the shop, he would call again, and bring a person to fit a pair; while I turned to get a bill, he took a pair of shoes, and put them into his bosom - I directly told him he had a pair of shoes; he made no answer, but ran out - I gave an alarm at the door; he was brought back, and I knew him to be the person.


                  ROBERT 
                  WOTTON
               



            . I was opposite the house, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I looked round, and saw the prisoner running some yards from the shop - I followed, and saw him stopped; he dropped the shoes, about two hundred yards from the house - I did not see his face, but his back; the watchman knocked him down. I picked the shoes up.


                  GEORGE 
                  TIMOTHY KIMLAND
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house, with the shoes; he said he went into the shop, and said he would send a female.


                  EDWARD 
                  ROURKE
               



            . I am a watchman, and saw the prisoner running. I struck him on the head, and stopped him; nobody was running before him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I have a family, which I hope you will consider.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
