





1000. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  M'GINNIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of March
, 1 plane, value 2s.; one oil-stone, value 2s.; and 1 chisel, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Howting
                     



                  ; 2 saws, value 7s.; 1 plane, value 3s.; and 1 hammer, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Nathaniel 
                        Raven
                     



                  ; two saws, value 5s.; 1 stock and 6 bits, value 5s.; 1 plane, value 2s.; 1 chisel, value 6d.; 3 gouges, value 6d.; 2 files, value 6d.; 1 screw-driver, value 6d.; and 1 pair of dividers, value 1s.
             the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  James
               



            .
JAMES HOWTING. I am a carpenter
. On the 27th of March I was working at the new buildings, at the London Docks


; Raven and James were also working there. On the evening of the 26th I left my tools safe in the corner, next the water-side, and next morning I missed some tools; these are them.
NATHANIEL RAVEN. I was working at the Docks - I lost two saws, a plane, and other tools, which I left safe on the night of the 26th; I had locked them up in a place, but the lock was wrenched off - I know nothing of the prisoner.
WILLIAM JAMES. I was working at the Docks, andlost a quantity of tools, which I had left safe the night before; I have not found them all.
WILLIAM MITCHELL. I am a Bow-street patrol; I took the prisoner on the morning of the 29th, as he was turning into a pawnbroker's shop with a saw down his coat; I asked where he got it - he said he bought it of a man in Rosemary-lane; I took him to the Docks - James claimed the saw; he told me where his lodgings were: I went and found the other tools, stated in the indictment - I found forty-seven duplicates on him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I picked up some tools, and bought the others.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
