





1201. 
               
                  MARTHA 
                  BLAKE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of May
, 1 watch, value 40s.; 2 seals, value 1l.; 1 watch-chain, value 17s.; 1 watch-key, value 3s.; 1 pencil-case, value 1s.; 1 tooth-pick, value 1s.; 1 knife, value 2d.; 1 coat, value 10s.: 1 waistcoat, value 3s., and 1 pair of trousers, value 7s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Smith
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM SMITH. I am a carpenter, and am single
. I fell in with the prisoner on the 13th of May, between nine and ten o'clock at night, as I was going home, in Well-street, East Smithfield - I had never seen her before; she accosted me, and I went with her to a house in Blue Anchor-yard


; I took off my clothes, and went to bed with her; a person came into the room, and blew the light out; the prisoner then jumped up, took up my watch, and ran out of the house; I pursued her, and took it out of her hand- the other woman took away my coat, waistcoat, and trousers. I have no doubt but a woman, the prisoner was whispering to when I first saw her, was the woman who took my clothes; the prisoner had her clothes on. I had had a share of a pot of porter; I had not given her any money, nor bargained to give her any - I had a little in my pocket; I had not been in bed three minutes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I received information of the robbery, and took the prisoner into custody, in Blue Anchor-yard (a very bad place) - she told me who the girl was who blew the candle out, and I could have taken her, but the prosecutor could not swear to her; I searched round at the pawnbroker's, but could not find the clothes.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor has said a great many false things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
