






1669. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               




             and 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  WILSON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of August
, 1 ring value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Newby
                     




                  , privately in his shop
            .
WILLIAM NEWBY. I am a silversmith
, and live in Southampton-row, Bloomsbury


. On the 28th of August my shop bell rang - I came down, and my man said he had lost a gold seal - the prisoners were then in the shop a constable was fetched and searched them; the seal was not found, but I saw Smith put this ring on the counter; I took it up - he said, "Here is a ring of yours;" he then said, "It is not yours, it is my wife's."


                  JOHN 
                  SIMMONS
               



            . I am in Mr. Newby's employ. Smith came in and asked to see some wedding-rings, which were shown him; Wilson then came in, and joined him in conversation; they then asked to see some seals and keys - they had selected a ring, but not paid for it; I suspected them, and shut the door; I saw Smith take a seal and put it up his sleeve; I then rang the bell - Mr. Newby came down, and an officer was fetched; I saw Smith put the ring on the counter, saying, "Here is a ring of your's;" it was not the ring they had selected.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q. Did they see you ring the bell? A. Yes; they attempted to get away - Wilson broke a pane of glass - only 1d. was found on them - a 6d. laid on the counter.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SKELTON
               



            . I am an officer. I found the prisoners in the shop - found 1d. on them and no more; I did not see the ring put down; I heard Smith say it was his wife's; they said, if they had broken the glass, they would pay for it.
SMITH's Defence. I met this man, and asked him to go in there and buy a ring; I said, I thought one would do but I would go and measure my wife's finger, and then he missed the seal.
WILSON's Defence. I went in with him, but was not near the counter.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Confined Six Months
            .
