





211. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of December
, from the person of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Preston
                     




                  , two promissory notes, for payment of 1 l. each
            , his property.
JOSEPH PRESTON. I am a labourer
, and have seven children - I came up from Market Drayton, in Shropshire, to London, on business. I lost two notes at the Pheasant, public-house, in Gray's Inn-lane


 - I had gone in there to get a glass of liquor, about half-past eight o'clock in the morning of the 15th of December - I had seen the prisoner overnight on Holborn-hill. When I went into the house that morning I had three notes in my pocket - two Birmingham and one Stafford; the prisoner went into the house with me, and asked me to give her a glass of gin. I was very ill-treated on the night before, and that morning likewise; I suspected she had robbed me on the night before, and I wished to try if I could recover what I had lost by her means; I told her I had been robbed on the night before - I had not been in the Pheasant many minutes before she robbed me of two notes by force - there was no one else there but the landlord's brother - I gave him a Birmingham note to get change; the prisoner said to the landlord,
"Put it by, and let him call again for his change;" I said,
"I must have my change." She then violently took the other two notes from me, in the sight of the person at the bar; I tried to prevent it - I did not tear the notes, but I held her fast, and shouted for assistance - no one came for some time, (perhaps half an hour;) the landlord's brother opened the door, and pushed us both out, and the prisoner made her escape into the Fox, public-house - she went along parlour, and wanted to make her escape the back way - the landlord of the Fox brought her back - I then held her till the officer came and took her.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not meet me between three and four o'clock in the morning? A. No, I did not.
Q. Did you not treat me then with some rum? A. No. I did not see you from the evening before, till half-past eight o'clock in the morning.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CRANE
               



            . I am not in any business at present. I was going to my lodging, at No. 10, Gray's Inn-lane, on the second floor, and saw the prisoner running up Gray's Inn-lane, and the prosecutor after her, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning - I asked what was the matter, and he said he had lost all his money; I said she was running to a public-house - I saw her go in; I do not know the sign; I did not go into the public-house, but the prosecutor did, and I saw them come out. The prosecutor caught hold of her by the bosom, and she put some kind of papers into her mouth. I fetched the constable.


                  GEORGE 
                  KEY
               



            . I am an iron plate worker. I went to the Pheasant on this morning, to get a glass of gin, and saw the prisoner and the prosecutor struggling together, inside the door - the prosecutor was crying murder; I stopped a moment, and they were pushed into the street; I did see not what became of them afterwards. I went in, had my gin, and read the paper; the young man at the bar showed me a note that the prosecutor had left. When I went out I saw the woman in the custody of an officer; I told the officer there was a 1 l. note left at the bar - he said,
"We will go back and see about it." I saw the woman searched, and two notes were found in her mouth - they were country notes. I saw her take them out of her pocket and put them into her mouth.


                  JOHN 
                  MORANT
               



            . I am the brother of the person who keeps the Pheasant. I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner come in on the morning in question; they called for a quartern of gin, and a pint of beer; they were there some time. The prosecutor put me down a 1 l. Birmingham note; I did not like to take it, but I kept it on the shelf till my brother came down; I believe my brother returned it to the man. I did not see any thing pass between the prosecutor and the prisoner, nor hear that the prosecutor was robbed till Weldhen came. I had heard the prosecutor cry murder, but he was so intoxicated he could not tell me for what; when he cried murder I went and asked what was the matter - he still kept hallooing out murder; I never heard that he had been robbed; the woman and him were quarreling, and he kept crying murder; I asked him what was the matter, but he could not tell me. I did not know that the prisoner was absent from our house one moment; she was taken from our house by the officer. I did not see her searched. When my brother came down he told me to go out of the shop - I did not see what took place afterwards. I had asked the prosecutor what was the matter, but he gave me no answer. The prisoner was in the room, but was not taking hold of him at all.


                  GEORGE 
                  KEY
               



             re-examined. I heard the cry of murder, and saw the woman. I cannot say that he was intoxicated. I saw the woman over his back, hitting him on the face, and she bit his hand - Morant could not avoid seeing that.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CRANE
               



             re-examined. I saw the woman about fifteen or sixteen yards on this side of the Pheasant - the prosecutor told me he had lost all; he did not appear to me so intoxicated but that he knew what he was doing.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PRESTON
               



             re-examined. I had had nothing the night before but a pint of porter, and had nothing that morning but a glass of gin, and a part of a pint of beer, which was not drank.
Prisoner. Q. We had three quarterns of gin and two pints of porter - Witness. No; one quartern of gin, and one pint of porter was all.



                  MATTHIAS 
                  WELDHEN
               



            . I was sent for to take the prisoner. The prosecutor did not appear to be intoxicated; he had got hold of the prisoner, and was covered with blood. I said to the prisoner,
"You have been doing something wrong" - she said,
"This old man says I have robbed him, but you know I would not." I took her into the Pheasant, and searched her; I saw her take her hand from her pocket, and put two notes into her mouth, which we took from her. I thought she had swallowed something else, and I took her to the doctor's shop, intending to give her an emetic.
(Notes produced and identified.)
Prisoner's Defence. On Wednesday morning I met the prosecutor at the corner of Hatton-garden - he asked me where there was a public-house, for he had left a sovereign, and could not find the house again - I told him there was no house open, but the watering house at the corner of Bartlett's-buildings, where he took me, and we had several glasses of rum - he then requested me to remain with him till day light, and he would pay me for my trouble, as he wanted to wash himself, for he was covered with blood; some one had cut his eye, and very much ill-used him. We went to several public-houses, till at last we came to the Pheasant, when he offered a country note, but the publican did not like to change it - therefore he left it, giving me two more to hold till we went to the coach office to get them changed. Before we left the Pheasant he forgot what he had done with his notes - when I told him I had got two, and the publican one, he insisted on having his notes, and called out murder, and said he would have it back from the publican, but I told him it was impossible till we had been to the coach office. By this time there was a number of people collected together, and I lost him. When I found so many people round me, and not having any pocket on, I put the two notes into my mouth for safety, as I found myself the worse for liquor. The man who took me brought me to the prosecutor, who then swore I had robbed him, but he was so much intoxicated he had entirely forgot giving me the notes to hold.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Life
            .
