





1885. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  WALKER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, 100lbs. of lead, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Miller
                     




                  , and fixed to a building
            .
THOMAS MILLER. I have some buildings in St. Luke's parish


. I did not miss the lead from them myself.


                  GEORGE 
                  TWEEDY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Miller, and look after his houses, which are in St. Luke's parish. On the morning of the 17th of July the lead was missed; I had seen it all safe the day before - part of it was left in the house, but it was all cut from the roof; I was looking over the premises, and discovered it - I afterwards compared some which was found at the watch-house, and it fitted exactly.


                  DANIEL 
                  NEWTON
               



            . I am a blacksmith. On the morning of the 26th of July I was at work in my shop, and can see Mr. Miller's premises through a hole in my wall - I looked through, and saw the prisoner coming down the stairs with a load under his arm; I went after him, found him with a large quantity of lead, covered with an apron - I took him in the court, and saw the lead matched with the roof, it fitted exactly; he was taken to the watch-house - he had about 30lbs. under his arm, and up stairs I found about three quarters of a cwt.; I had seen him there before.


                  GEORGE 
                  WOODGATE
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner to the watch-house, with the lead; I saw it compared to the top, it fitted.
Prisoner's Defence. I never was in those houses; I was going to work - I ran into the privy, and there was this piece of lead.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
