







2173. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HERRING
               




            , 
               
                  MARY 
                  BULPIT
               




            , and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  CUTTLE
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        George 
                        Watts
                     




                  , with intent to rob him, and his goods and monies from his person feloniously to steal
            .
GEORGE WATTS. I am a gunsmith
, and work in Well's-place - I live at No.6, Dock-street, Rosemary-lane- I was going along Ratcliff-highway


, on the 15th of September
 about 12 o'clock at night; I was going home with 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Crispin
               



             - we met the three prisoners and several more persons with them; when I came up to them, Herring said to me, "You are a bl-y nose;" I had known him for four or five years, but was never in his company that I know of; I once sat in a public-house where he was, some years ago; I asked what he meant by that - he up with his fist, and knocked me down into the kennel; the other prisoners were there at the time - it was a violent blow, and knocked two of my teeth out; Bulpit said, as I laid in the kennel, "Now, Bill, chib the b-r," and Cuttle snatched my seals, and broke the ribbon; he did did not get them, as Crispin caught his hand, and he dropped them; he broke the ribbon - I went to rise up, and Herring kicked me, so that I was scarcely able to rise from the ground; Cuttle ran towards Tower-hill, and Herring ran down Gravel-lane; they all ran away - Crispin followed Herring, and I got after her, into Pennington-street, where she was holding him by the neck-handkerchief, and he was knocking her about the head - we called the watchman, who came up, and took him; the gang came round me again; the watchman gave Herring to another watchman, and he took me to the watch-house - I saw Herring and Bulpit at the watch-house; Herring came and took hold of my hand, and said, "For God's sake, forgive me - I have done wrong;" I said I would not. I afterwards met the officer, who told me to come to the Thames Police-office on Monday; I said at the watch-house, that I had been robbed and almost murdered.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Does Crispin pass as Mrs. Watts? A. No - I swear that; we had had a pot of half and half between us. I saw Cartwright that night at the watch-house - I did not offer to make it up with Herring; I was bleeding. I was never in prison, or before a Magistrate, I have known Bulpit five years, but was never in her company.
Q. Did you not, in the presence of Cartwright, offer to make friends with one of the prisoners? A. No.
COURT. Q. Were you taken to the watch-house to be taken care of? A. Yes.
ELIZA CRISPIN. On the night in question Watts and I were going home, and met the prisoners and several others; on coming up to them Herring stepped of the pavement, called Watts a nose, and struck him; he fell on the ground; he kicked him in the mouth and several other places; Bulpit said, "Go it, Bill, chib him;" Cuttle then laid hold of his seals; I went to see what he was doing - he broke the ribbon, but did not get them; they all ran off; I pursued Herring, and kept hold of him till the watchman came; he was beating me about the head; Watts came up - I heard Herring say to him, "For God's sake, George, forgive me - don't give charge of me to night - take a warrant on Monday morning;" the watchman came up, and took him to the watch-house.
Cross-examined. Q. Was Watts sober? A. Yes; we had had two pints of half and half; I live with him ashis wife; I have gone by his name. I do not know whether he has heard me called Mrs. Watts; I was never tried any where. I was not in the watch-house myself.


                  JOHN 
                  SWINGLAM
               



            . I am a watchman. About twelve o'clock at night I heard a cry of Watch! and Murder! I ran up, and found Watts surrounded by a desperate gang, all over blood and mud; I inquired who it was - they said it was Herring, whom Crispin was holding; I took them to the watch-house, and did not know what became of them till the Friday following.


                  ROBERT 
                  MARSTON
               



            . I am a constable of the Thames Police. On the night of the 15th of September, I met Watts with his mouth smothered with blood; he said, "See how Bill Herring has served me!" I said, "Come to me on Monday morning," which he did, and shewed me the bruises on his side; I then went to a house, and found Bulpit on a bed - I took her, and said, "Where is Bill?" she said, "He is at Crawley's;" I went there, and found Herring - he said, "Is it about Watts?" I said, "Yes:" he said, "I expected I should be nailed to-day:" I afterwards went with Shields, and found Cuttle in a room, which we broke open.
Cross-examined. Q. Had these persons been well acquainted? A. No doubt they knew each other; I have inquired, and find Watts is a hard-working man.


                  JOHN 
                  SHIELDS
               



            . I am an officer. I went with Marston- his account is correct; I found Cuttle in the cupboard of a room which we broke open, between six and seven o'clock in the morning of the 29th.
HERRING's Defence. I can prove what they have said is false - that the prosecutor and myself were both in liquor, and that my mouth was bleeding.
BULPIT's Defence. When we met them, Crispin came and insulted me - she said she would fight me; I said I would take other means if she did not go about her business; I went to the watch-house with my husband (for we are married), and when they came away, I left with them - I said nothing in the watch-house.
CUTTLE's Defence. Crispin wanted me to go into a brothel, I would not; she then said she would find George to give me a good hiding - Watts came and struck me; Herring said, "Don't strike him, he is not old enough to strike again;" he then knocked him down.


                  STEPHEN 
                  CARTWRIGHT
               



            . I am an officer of St. George's in the East, and have been an officer twenty years. The parties were brought into the watch-house for fighting in the street; both Watts and Herring were very much in liquor - their faces were both very bloody, I am certain; they called one another Bill and George; Watts said, "You had no right to strike me;" they shook hands and walked out of the watch-house: I was afterwards sent for by the Magistrate, to know why I dismissed the case; but they made it up themselves before any charge was booked.
COURT. Q. Did you see Swinglam? A. Yes - but nothing was said about a robbery; I did not hear of that for four or five days after, when he came and said, "Those persons should not have been discharged - they were accused of a robbery;" I heard Herring ask Watts to forgive him- Watts said, "I will not be served in this way."
Q. If they had only been fighting, why should he ask forgiveness? A. He asked him to make it up, which he did; Herring said, "We will go and have a pot of beer;" if a robbery had been mentioned, I should have taken the charge; I know nothing of either of them; several persons rushed into the watch-house - there might be a dozen there.
JOHN SWINGLAM re-examined. When I took Herring, somebody said, "He shan't take him to the watch-house tonight;" I took him there, but was sent out before the case was discharged; I heard that they had shook hands and settled it.
Prisoner HERRING. I was coming along, and saw the prosecutor ill-using Cuttle, who was a stranger to me I said, "George, don't ill-use him;" he turned round, and struck me in the mouth; I said, "If you strike me I will strike you;" he said, "I'll fight you for 1l.;" I struck him in my own defence - I had been to market with my wife.
GEORGE WATTS. I had not struck him at all - I never quarrelled with him in my life; I did not shake hands with him in the watch-house; he came, caught hold of me, and said, "Forgive me:" I said, "How can I? you came to rob me, and I know you have been a thief for years."
HERRING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
BULPIT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
CUTTLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.






               Transported for Life
            .
