





738. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SAUNDERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, 12 lbs. of beef, value 5 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Francis 
                  Chalkley
               




            .


                  FRANCIS 
                  CHALKLEY
               



            . I am a butcher
, and live in Whitecross-street


. On Saturday, the 6th of March, about twelve o'clock at night Burkett brought me an aitch-bone of beef, which I knew by a notch I had made in cutting it - I missed it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BURKETT
               



            . I am a watchman. On the 6th of March, about a quarter past twelve o'clock, the prisoner ran by me in Gloster-court, Whitecross-street, with something bulky under his arm; he was about fifteen yards from Chalkley's shop. I called to him to stop; he hastened his pace, and ran into Pump-row - I came up to him, and he dropped it; I caught hold of him; he got from me, and ran away. I overtook him again in Chequer-alley, and took him; I had not lost sight of him. I returned to Pump-row, and found the beef where he had dropped it, and took him to the watch-house with it. I went to the prosecutor, who claimed it.
Prisoner. I was in Blue Anchor-alley - he came up and asked for my bundle; I said I had none. He said at the watch-house that I resisted; the constable would not take the charge, as he said if I had resisted and fallen down I should be dirty.
Witness. The constable of the night said if I locked him up he would let him out, as he complained of my keeping possession of the meat. I thought it right to keep it till it was sworn to; he was locked up at last.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I heard a rattle spring. Burkett gave the prisoner into my hands to take to the watch-house while he fetched the beef. He resisted and escaped from me. I threw him down, assistance came, and I secured him.
Prisoner. I wanted to stop to pick up my loaf.
Witness. He had no loaf.
Prisoner's Defence. I never resisted; why should I? as I was innocent. He said it was of no use to take people in charge, for he never made anything of them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BURKETT
               



            . I said nothing of the sort.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
