







1084. 
               
                  ALBION 
                  SMITH
               




            , 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  CONNOLLY
               




            , and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  ADAMS
               




            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of June
, 2 lbs. of veal, value 18 d.; 2 lbs. of ham, value 18 d., and 12 ozs. of butter, value 1 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Seaman
               




            .
JOHN SEAMAN. I live in Mary-street, Hampstead-road


. On the 6th of June I saw part of a ham and a piece of fillet of veal, which were locked up in my safe, at eleven o'clock that night; I was sent for home the next day, and saw them lying on the mat in a dirty apron.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GEARY
               



            . I was at work near Mr. Seaman's, in Mary-street, on the 7th of June, about half-past five o'clock, and saw the prisoners lurking about the place together; they turned in towards the brewery, and staid there about a minute or two - they then came out - I did not notice any thing in their hands - one of them then got over the rails and went down the area; I did not see him come away; I spoke to my employer, and went with a fellow workman to see if there was anything in the area, but there was not.


                  JAMES 
                  HOUSE
               



            . I am a coach carver. On the 7th of June I saw Adams leaning against a lamp post, looking on the opposite side of the way; I went to see what he was looking at, and saw Smith coming from the area of Mr. Seaman's house with something tied up in a dirty apron - I said
"What have you got in the apron;" he dropped it but made no answer; I then took the bundle, and Smith ran away; I saw Connolly then come from the area rails; I collared and took him, with the bundle, into the house, and gave them in custody of the person who opened the door.


                  JAMES 
                  JEFFERSON
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Seaman. About half past six o'clock, on the morning of June the 7th, I was alarmed by the servant calling at the bed-room door that the safe had been robbed - I went down and received the prisoner Connolly and the bundle in charge.


                  ROBERT 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I was outside a new building in Mary-street, heard a cry of Stop thief, and saw the prisoner Smith running - I stopped and held him a few minutes, but no person coming I let him go.


                  CHARLES 
                  COUSINS
               



            . I took up Smith and Adams.
CONNOLLY'S Defence. I had been to Somers town, to draw away some ashes. I have worked for Mr. Booth.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
CONNOLLY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
ADAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
