





321. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of November
, 24 1/2 yards of cambric, value 29s.; 2 pieces of braid, value 2s. 6d.; 24 yards of ribbon, value 15s.; 3 1/2 yards of silk, value 7s. 6d.; 3 1/2 yards of woollen cloth, value 39s.; 1 veil, value 20s., and 3 pairs of gloves, value 5s. 4d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Griffin
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHRUBSOLE
               



            . I am a linen-draper, and live at Kingston-on-Thames. On the 25th of November I packed the articles stated in the indictment in a bundle to go to Greenwich; they are worth about 6l. - I sent them by Harris, the Kingston carrier; they were directed to Mrs. Cockle, at the 
               Rev. Dr. Burney
            's; I found part of the contents at Guildhall early in January, and the prisoner was in custody.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You feel assured the property is yours? A. Yes; I have the piece it was cut from.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FINCH
               



            . I am proprietor of the Saracen's Head yard, Friday-street. I received a parcel from Harris, the Kingston carrier, directed to Mrs. Cockle, at the Rev. Dr. Burney's, Greenwich; I delivered it within two hours afterwards to Griffin, the Woolwich carrier.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you find that the parcel was delivered by your books? A. No; I can speak with confidence of it from my memory, as it was inquired for three days afterwards; it was on the 25th of November; I looked at my books on the 27th; I may, perhaps, have one or two hundred parcels every day.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GRIFFIN
               



            . I am a carrier from London to Woolwich
. Finch delivered this parcel to me at the Saracen's Head, and it was in my cart when I got to the White Horse inn, Cripplegate - the prisoner was in the habit of minding the carts there, and was at the cart when I left the White Horse; when I got to Mr. Southgate's, in London-wall, it was gone - I looked after the prisoner, but could not find him; he was taken about the end of November, or beginning of December.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you hear him say any thing? A. I found him at the White Horse, but did not remain with him.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNES
               



            . I am an officer. On the 25th of November, about half-past nine o'clock, I was in Fore-street, near Cripplegate church; the prisoner passed me with something under his arm, and his wife was following him- she went to the watch-house door, called for an officer to take him in charge, saying he had got stolen property; the officer took him with this parcel; he said he had it from a waggoner, who put up in Wood-street, that the waggoner had brought it to town on purpose for him to sell - I was at Guildhall when Mr. Shrubsole claimed it as part of the goods he had lost.
Cross-examined. Q. How do you know this was his wife? A. She said, "Take my husband, he has stolen property;" I knew her before, by seeing her about; it was very light, as there are good gas-lights by the watch-house; I could see to pick a pin up - I knew them both before - I do not know the woman to be a bad woman; he did not say she was not his wife - he was not so intoxicated as not to attend to what was said.


                  JOHN 
                  TUCKER
               



            . I am inspector of the watch. A woman knocked at the watch-house door, and in consequence of what she said I went and took the prisoner - the woman gave me this property and said she had taken it from him; he heard that, and did not deny it; when I took him he said,"I will go with you, but I know nothing about it;" the woman said he had robbed somebody of it - he did not deny her being his wife - they walked arm-in-arm together as I took him from Guildhall to the Compter, and she asked what she should bring him for breakfast; and he told me to tell his wife what time to bring his breakfast.
Cross-examined. Q. After accusing him of the robbery, she offered to bring his breakfast? A. Yes; she is outside the Court now - she appeared a working woman; she walked to and fro with him at all the three examinations, and she treated him with porter.
MR. SHRUBSOLE. I saw this property before the Magistrate; it is a piece of coloured cambric - here is the piece it was cut from - it agress with the original measure.


                  JOHN 
                  BARNES
               



             re-examined. I saw the property on the prisoner's arms; but after the woman knocked at the watch-house door she ran after him, and then she had got it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
