







London Cases, Second Jury.
1205. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  STRETCH
               




            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PALMER
               




            , and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BRIMBLE
               



            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June
, 83 lbs. of bacon, value 2 s. 6 d., and a wrapper, value 6 d.
             the goods of 
               
                  David 
                  Yeates
               



            , and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Acocks
               



            , to whom the prisoners


                  MICHAEL 
                  GUNSTON
               



            . I am a chemist, and live in Clerkenwell. Messrs. David Yeates and Thomas Acocks are cheesemongers

 - their warehouse is No. 7, Old Fish-street


. I was on their premises on the 3d of June, and received some information: I was desired to watch opposite their premises, in the surgery of Mr. Holmer, on the 6th of June. About half-past eight o'clock that morning, while their clerk was gone to breakfast, I saw Stretch (who had the care of the premises) come to the door and look backwards and forwards for about a quarter of an hour - he was then joined by Palmer - they went into the warehouse together - Palmer came out soon after, and turned towards Fish-street - Stretch then went into a back yard, and took a ladder - he went up into a loft, and brought down a wrapper, which he spread in the warehouse; he then went into the yard, took a pair of steps and went into the store, and fetched down a side of bacon, which he put into the wrapper; Palmer then returned, followed by Brimble, who went to the back of the warehouse, and Palmer watched at the door; Stretch helped Brimble up with the bacon, and he went into the street. I then left Mr. Holmes's premises and followed him; I said
"Where did you get that bacon?" he said round there; I turned round and saw Palmer at the end of the street, looking to see what I was about; I asked Brimble where he was going to take the bacon to? he said to a man of the name of Coomley, in Globe road. I said he must come back, and I would make some inquiry: I took him to Mr. Yeates' house, in Great Trinity-lane - he was taken into the parlour, and an officer was sent for: I asked him how long he had known Stretch; he said about two years; I said
"Have you not known him ten years?" he said perhaps he might; I asked if he did not know him when he was transported - he said yes, he did.

Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. Do not you know Brimble? A. No; I have not made any inquiries at Coomley's - Brimble said he was to carry it there, and to receive his pay there, and if he did not receive his money there he was to return and get it of Stretch and Palmer - there was nothing extraordinary in Palmer and Stretch acting as servants, employing Brimble to carry bacon for them - the distance was considerable - Palmer and Stretch were both porters.
Prisoner STRETCH. Q. This warehouse is thirty yards long, and you were across the way, can you swear you saw me at that distance? A. Yes, I can.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I live opposite the prosecutor's ware-house. Mr. Acock asked me to let a friend of his watch in my premises, and a few minutes before nine o'clock on the day in question, I came down and saw Brimble go out with the bacon on his back - Palmer was standing at the door.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you attended the family of Brimble? A. Yes, I attended his wife. When Brimble was taken up he was anxious to go on to the place to which he was to carry the bacon, as he said it would convince any person that he was employed in an honest way: he was (I believe) a porter in a nail warehouse in Old-street road.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an officer. I took charge of the bacon and wrapper.


                  SHEPHERD 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I live with Messrs. David Yeates and Thomas Acocks their was bacon-dryer and porter - I know this wrapper to be masters'.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
BRIMBLE put in a written defence, stating that he was employed by Stretch as a porter, and was to have 3 s. for his trouble.
SHEPHERD SIMPSON re-examined. I have to state, that Palmer was for some time under my direction, and I found him a very sober, honest, industrious man.
Three other witnesses gave Palmer an excellent character.
STRETCH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
PALMER - GUILTY. Aged 45.




               Recommended to Mercy
            . - 


               Confined Three Months
            .
BRIMBLE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
