





75. 
               
                  TIMOTHY 
                  KITE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of November
, eighty pieces of woollen cloth, value 3 l., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Maynard
                     




                  , privately, in his shop
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  MAYNARD
               



            . I am the wife of William Maynard. We live in King's-street, Golden-square, in the parish of St. James


. He is a tailor
 - we keep a shop
, which I attend to - he goes out to work. On the 1st of November, about half-past five o'clock, a young man, of the name of Norton, came in, and asked for a skein of silk, and while I was getting it, the prisoner came in and asked for a penny-worth of buttons. I said I did not make a penny-worth, he had better have half a dozen, which would came to one penny farthing. Norton was still engaged with the silk, and the prisoner went out, saying he would come in again for the buttons. These pieces of cloth were in two bundles in the window, near the prisoner. I got the buttons ready for him - he came back and I gave them to him - I said "I have to give you a farthing," (as he had left three half-pence;) he said "Never mind, that will do another time." He then went away - a gentleman came into the shop soon after and said, "Have you lost any thing" - I looked in the window and the cloth was gone. I saw him again next morning in custody, with four pieces of cloth - one of them had a mark of 1 s. 6 d. on it, in my husband's hand-writing. I am sure it had been in the window shortly before the lads were in the shop - the cloth would have brought us in between 3 l. and 4 l.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a tailor. The prisoner brought four pieces of cloth to my shop on the evening of the robbery, about six o'clock, and offered it for sale. I had heard of the robbery, and detained it. I took the cloth to Mr. Maynard's, who claimed it. The prisoner went away - I did not see any writing upon the cloth.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a constable. I apprehended the prisoner on the 2d of November, at the Luke's Head, public-house, in Pulteney-street - he said the cloth was given to him.
Prisoner's Defence. It was given me by a young man named Smith, to sell for him. I took it to Mr. Brown; he said, Mr. Maynard had been robbed of some. I said "If it is his I will leave it, and come again in the morning;" but I was taken before I could come.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
