






108. 
               
                  
                     TIMOTHY 
                     HURLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GAVIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of November
, 1 wooden till, value 1s., and 5 shillings
            , the property of 
               
                  William 
                  Gray
               




            .
JOHN CURTIS. I am a baker, in the employ of my brother-in-law, William Gray, of Union-street, Somer's-town


. I lost the till from the shop between twelve and one o'clock in the day, on the 30th of November - I did not miss it for half an hour, when I went to serve, and it was gone; this is the till - I know it by the handle, and the bottom of it; there might be 1l. in silver in it.


                  JOSIAH 
                  WILLOUGHBY
               



            . About half-past twelve o'clock that day I was on a scaffold - I saw a mob, and Hurley was running; I came down a scaffold-pole, and pursued him - I saw him turn up his right-hand waistcoat pocket, and some money fell out; he jumped over a ditch, and fell - I jumped over, and took him; he wished me to let him go - I found two shillings and some halfpence in his pocket, and then took the people to where I saw him turn his pocket up; I saw Gavin coming, and told Thomas to take him.
DAVID THOMAS. I was on the scaffold, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I took Gavin, and saw him drop a cloth on the ground - I then went to the spot where I had seen Hurley turn out his money, and picked up 6s.; I did not see the till till I had been to the watch-house.
JONATHAN GODLEY. I saw Hurley throw this till into a ditch - it had been on the ground, and the two prisoners were sitting down with it between them in a field; some persons called Stop thief! and Hurley threw it into the ditch - they then ran away; I did not see them stopped.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LANGFORD
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoners, and received a good deal of money from different people, and this till; I produce them - Gavin had an apron in his hat.
Hurley's Defence. I went to look for work at nine o'clock in the morning - I was coming from Somer's-town and walked by these fields; I heard some persons call out, and I ran about a dozen yards - the man took me.
Gavin's Defence. I heard Stop thief! called - I went to see what was the matter, and was taken; I was not running.
HURLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
GAVIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
