





SIXTH DAY, TUESDAY, JULY 4.
791. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of June
, two coats, value 20 s.; two pelisses, value 10 s., and four gowns, value 20 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Vasey
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MRS. 
               
                  MARY 
                  VASEY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Vasey
               



            , who is a clergyman
, and lives in New Chapel-yard, City-road


. The things were in a cupboard, and part on a chair in the first-floor. On the 1st of June, between one and two o'clock, I saw a woman come to the door, and sent my daughter to answer her - she saw nobody and shut the door, which was open before. In about a quarter of an hour a person was heard above. My daughter came down and missed the things - some of them were a good deal worn.


                  ANN 
                  WADE VASEY
               



            . I am daughter of the last witness. I saw a woman go out at the door with a large bundle. I was going to see what the noise was. I went after her, and only lost lost sight of her for a moment, as she turned the corner. She was stopped nearly at the bottom of Tabernacle-row with the things. I took them from her.


                  CHARLES 
                  CLAPHAM
               



            . I am sexton of the chapel. Miss Vasey beckoned to me and pointed the prisoner out - she was stopped with the bundle.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.
Of stealing to the value of 39 s. only.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
