





33. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     KEGLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of November
, 1 bolster, value 2s.; 1 pillow, value 2s.; 1 blanket, value 2s.; 1 petticoat, value 6d.; 1 pocket, value 6d.; 1 pair of boots, value 1s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; 1 apron, value 1s.; and 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Smith
                  




               
            , her master.
JANE SMITH. I am the wife of James Smith, who keeps a Tallow Chandler's Arms, in St. James-street




. The prisoner was in our service from the 5th of October, and was to leave on the 23rd of November, but on the evening of the 22nd of November Mr. Attwood brought this bundle, which contained this bolster, pillow, and other things, which are my property - I sent for an officer, who took the prisoner, and in her box we found a pair of boots, a pair of gloves, a pair of stockings, and an apron; I never gave them to her.
THOMAS 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  ATTWOOD
               



            . I am a hair-dresser, and live in Great Marlborough-street. On the 22nd of November, the prisoner brought this bundle to me, and asked to leave it for five minutes - she had been at my house once before to leave a front to be dressed, and on the 22nd she brought it again with the bundle; I said I was going to close my shop - she said she should not be longer than five minutes; I waited for an hour, and then took it to the prosecutor's - it contained the articles here produced.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVIS
               



            . I was sent for, and took the bundle. I then went into the prisoner's bed-room, and found these other articles in her box - she said they belonged to Mr. Smith, and she had only borrowed them; the box was not locked.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of what was in the room except the boots, which I understood did not fit my mistress, and she was to deduct the price of them from my wages.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
