





1662. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     GLADMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of August
, 1 nutmeg-grater, value 5s.; 1 watch key, value 6d.; 2 dice, value 1s.; 1 piece of cadran glue, value 6d.; 25 pieces of silver coin, value 10s.; 2 sovereigns, and 2 half-sovereigns
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry Saint 
                     John
                  




               
            .
MR. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  SAINT JOHN
               



            . I live at Hornsey. I know nothing of the prisoner. I have a small box, which I know to be mine; it had been kept in the side-board drawer in my dining-room - it contained the articles stated; I cannot say when I had seen them safe; I was in the habit of seeing the box every day, but had not opened it to see the contents; the drawer was locked every night. On the 13th of August, when I came home, I heard of the robbery; I opened the drawer, and missed the articles. I cannot say for a certainty when I had seen them, but I had opened the box almost every day.


                  HANNAH 
                  FODEN
               



            . I was in the service of Mr. Saint John on the 13th of August; I know this box. I went into the parlour about half-past twelve o'clock, and saw the prisoner there, with his hand in the side-board, where the box was kept; he was a stranger; he ran across the room, and jumped out of the window; I jumped out, and followed him down the lane - he was caught, without my losing sight of him - I am certain of him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say to me, "There goes the man," and ask me to run after him? A. No, I did not.



                        RICHARD 
                        MAYON
                     






            . I am a butcher, and live at Hornsey. I heard Foden and a man cry Stop thief! I ran out, and stopped the prisoner - we took him back to the house; the constable found some property on him, but not the property in question. I then went and searched the place where the prisoner was stopped, and found twenty-five pieces of silver coin English and foreign, and those other articles; this was an hourand a half or two hours after he was taken; he struggled very much when I took him, and said, "Don't meddle with me - it is only a bit of a lark." I went to take him, and he threw up his arms, and said, "D - n your eyes" - and then, I think, he threw the property into the ditch, where I afterwards found it. I gave it to the constable.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELDER
               



            . I am the constable. I took the prisoner, and received these articles from Mayon - I did not see him find them.
MR. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  SAINT JOHN
               



            . I have no doubt whatever of these being mine; here are some Roman and some old English coins.
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing down this lane - this young woman came out of another lane, and said to me,"There goes the man - Stop that thief!" I ran, and then this witness came and took hold of me, and I said there was a man running down the lane, whom I was pursuing; the young woman then came and said I was the thief.


                  RICHARD 
                  MAYON
               



             re-examined. He did not say he was pursuing another person; he said, "Don't meddle with me - it is only a lark."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
