





549. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM ROBERT 
                     ROW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of March
, the sum of 1 s. 10 d. in monies numbered
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Spooner
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SPOONER
               



            . The prisoner was my shopman
, and lived two years and a half with me. On Tuesday, the 23d of March, in consequence of suspicion, I marked the money in the till about eleven or twelve o'clock in the day, and went out about eight at night; I returned about eleven o'clock - the till was not locked - he was my only shopman. I do not know how much money there was in the till. When I came home he was in bed. I did not charge him with the offence till Wednesday night after he had shut up. I then took him up stairs, and asked him what change he had in his pockets? he said he had only one or two shillings. I asked him if he had not got to the amount of a guinea? he said No. I then said,
"William, you have been robbing me - I know better," he made no reply. I said,
"Come, pull it out," and he immediately pulled out 22 s. 6 d. marked, four or five were unmarked. I told him he had increased his stock since last night - he said nothing. There was always sufficient money in the till to give change. On Tuesday night he asked me for 2 s. 6 d., which I owed him, and said he had not got one shilling.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. He sometimes gave the customers change out of his own pocket - A. Never. We had above 16 l. in silver in the till all that day. I sent for the prisoner's father, and allowed him to go away with him, on his father's promise that he should return next day. My loss is above 300 l.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RAE
               



            . I am a constable. I took charge of the prisoner; the money was on the table, and I returned him 3 s. 6 d., which was not marked. He claimed that, but not the marked money.
Prisoner. My master humanely forgave me, and told me to come next day, which I did.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
