





2051. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BUNN
               




             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  SCOTT
               




            . I am a ship-chandler
, and live at Ratcliff-cross


. The prisoner was in my employ from 1822 until February last, when I discharged him, but not for dishonesty; it was his duty to receive money for me, and enter it in a regular book, which was settled every week - here it is; he was to enter here all the accounts he received from my customers - here is no sum of 15l. 5s. 3d. received from Mr. Douglas of Fenchurch-street; I had a customer of that name; an indictment was preferred against the prisoner in April last - I was not able to attend, and he was acquitted.


                  HENRY 
                  VANE
               



            . I succeeded the prisoner in the service of Mr. Scott in February last. It was my duty to collect debts; I called on Mr. Douglas.


                  ROBERT 
                  DOUGLAS
               



            . I am a ship insurance-broker, and live in Fenchurch-street. On the 7th of July, 1827
, I gave the prisoner this cheque, for 15l. 5s. 3d., in payment of an account for Mr. Scott; he gave me a receipt for it - Mr. Vane called on me for it, and I shewed him the receipt.


                  CHARLES 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I am clerk in the banking-house of Sir William Kay and Co. - this gentleman keeps cash there - I paid this cheque on the 7th of July, 1827.


                  JOHN 
                  SCOTT
               



            . This receipt is in the prisoner's writing - he never accounted to me for this 15l. 5s. 3d. - when he left me, we went over the whole account together.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he had been tried twice in April last, on charges brought by the prosecutor, and acquitted - that if any deficiency had occurred, it must have happened in the hurry of business.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 56.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
