





843. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BUTLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of May
, one watch, value 40 s.; one seal, value 18 s., and two keys, value 2 d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Ansell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  ANSELL
               



            . I live at Whitecross-place, Wilson-street, Finsbury-square


. On Tuesday, the 7th of May, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I was standing at my own door and rang the bell; I turned half round and four men came up; and the first drew my watch out instantly; I called Stop thief! and pursued, but lost him. I could swear to the one who drew my watch; it was not the prisoner. The second man was dressed like the prisoner - he was taken on the 10th; I saw him at Worship-street.



                  CAROLINE 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I live at a public house in Mulberry-court, Whitecross-street. I was coming outside the door, which is about twenty-four yards from Ansell's house; I saw four men just turn the corner coming into the court; I crossed over the road and stood at a window, and saw the one who walked on first had a light short jacket, and the second was the prisoner; he was dressed as he is now. Three or four minutes after, Mr. Ansell came walking along very quick, and said he had been robbed by four young men. I told him what I had seen; the four men went down Long-alley. On the 10th of May, Brown brought the prisoner to Mr. Ansell's shop; I was sent for. I said he was one; I am sure of it; they were running along very quick; there are two lamps by the spot, but it was not quite dark; the third man caught hold of my arm and spilt my beer, which made me notice them.


                  ROBERT 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a curtain-rod maker, and live in Mulberry-court. About half-past eight o'clock on Tuesday I was leaving work, and heard a bustle; the noise appeared to come from Mulberry-court; and as soon as I got to the end of the alley I saw four men running from Whitecross-place, and a number of people calling after them; they ran close past me. I firmly believe the prisoner to be the second man; I had observed him for twelve yards coming towards me, and when they came up they almost made a stand, and said,
"Which way is he gone, Stop him! Stop him!" and all ran on again - the first man said this. I saw the prisoner at Worship-street on Friday, he sat in the parlour with others, and when I went in I did not know he was a prisoner; I said to Ansell,
"That is one of the party."


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner at the Rum Puncheon, public-house, Long-alley, Shoreditch, on the 10th. I said I wanted him to walk with me, and he came. I took him to Mr. Ansell's, and fetched Gardner; he said he was at the Rum Puncheon at the time of the robbery; it is about three hundred yards from the spot, in the same road the thieves took after the robbery. Evans pointed him out at the office, and said, he had not the least doubt of him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at the Rum Puncheon at the time.


                  ELIZA 
                  OTTERY
               



            . I live in Rose and Crown-court, opposite the Rum Puncheon, and keep a green grocer's shop there. I have known the prisoner about four months. I went into the Rum Puncheon on the night of the robbery, to call a young man out named Dent; the prisoner was then standing in the tap-room, and Dent was accused of the robbery. I went in directly as the thieves ran round the corner; there was a cry of Stop thief! The prisoner came out to see what I wanted with the man. I was at home when the prisoner was taken, and said to the officers that he was in the house when the thieves ran by. I told Walton and Brown so.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I live in King-square, Horse-shoe alley, Finsbury, and am a shoemaker. I have known the prisoner twelve months; I do not know his business. On the evening of the 7th of this month (Tuesday,) I was coming through Rose and Crown-court, and saw him enter the Rum Puncheon at a little after eight o'clock; he was alone. I heard Bishopsgate bell ring eight at the time. I went towards home, and three men ran past me in Hand-alley, saying,
"What a lark;" the prisoner was not one of them; this was about two hundred yards from the public-house. When they passed me, I heard the cry of Stop thief!
Q. Did you join in pursuit - A. No. I was at home on the night Ansell was robbed. I have known the prisoner a month or two; he is often at our house. A mob came running down the alley after the thieves, and I ran out; the prisoner was not in the house then. One Dent was there, nursing his child; Avell, Carmichael, and him, were the only persons in the house at the time. I had been in the house a quarter of an hour or ten minutes, and did not see Ottery. If Dent had been fetched out I must have seen it. I was at my door when the thieves ran by. I know Perkins by sight, if he had gone by about this time I think I must have seen him. The prisoner lives in Still-alley.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



             re-examined. I did not see this woman till I returned from the office; she then said, the prisoner was standing at the door at the time of the robbery; I asked if she was certain of it, she said she could not be sure, but thought he was the person.


                  ELIZA 
                  OTTERY
               



             re-examined. I did not tell the officer that the prisoner was at the door, or that I could not be certain he was the man.


                  JOHN 
                  REDFERN
               



            . My father keeps the Rum Puncheon.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Life
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
