






668. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MYERS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of February
, two hundred pounds of lead, value 30 s., and two hundred pounds of copper, value 40 s,; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Howell
                        



                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building (to wit,) a house of his
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Ashworth
                  



               
            , and to be fixed to a building of his.

THIRD COUNT, stating it to belong to 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Quarrill
                  



               
            , and to be fixed to a house of his.
THOMAS QUARRILL. I am a lamp-maker
, and live in Bell-court, Doctor's Commons. On the 20th of February, in consequence of information, I went to a house on Peter's-hill


, which I had purchased by auction last July - but have only paid a deposit. I found all the gutters stripped of the lead, and eighty-four feet of water-pipe gone. I found some of it on the attic stairs, rolled up ready to be carried away. I compared it to the place and it fitted. I bought the house of William Ashworth - John Howell is assignee of a bankrupt
, who originally occupied it.
Cross-examined by MR. BRODRICK. Q. You have not completed the purchase - it has never been conveyed to you - A. No, the key was delivered to me - I could have lived in it if I liked; the key was not given to me as possession of the house.
COURT. Q. Why was not the conveyance completed - A. Some deeds were not in their possession, but they are now; the title was not made good till after the robbery. Howell and Ashworth both joined in the conveyance.


                  HENRY 
                  TURNPENNY
               



            , I am an officer. On the 20th of February I went with the prosecutor to this house, and found the lead and copper stripped, and some on the garret stairs, and while he was gone to find a place where we could watch I heard a noise in the kitchen. I waited about ten minutes, and saw a light come up stairs, and 
               Jones
             the prisoner went into the front parlour; he had a dark lantern. I caught hold of him, we scuffled - I got him into the back yard - rose an alarm - and sent another officer down stairs, and he brought Myers out of the coal-hole - the lantern was thrown down in the scuffle, and I found a box of matches on the floor, and a latch key on Jones.
MR. QUARRILL. I was at the house a fortnight before, and every thing was safe, The key was lent to me by the auctioneer. I mended the roof myself, and had some glass put in previous to the robbery.


                  LEWIS 
                  FACHE
               



            . I am a constable. I was with Turn-penny - Jones came up stairs, and went into the parlour with a dark lantern. I found Myers in the coal cellar; they said they came there for a night's lodging. I asked what they wanted the dark lantern for; they made no answer. I found another dark lantern, a can of oil, and a phosphorous bottle there.
Cross-examined. Q. You had not seen them together - A. No, Myers said they both came in together for a night's lodging, and that nobody else was in the house.


                  ELIZA 
                  COOK
               



            . I live at No. 19. Peter's-hill. On the 19th of February, about half-past eleven o'clock at night, I heard a noise in the next house, as if somebody was beating up lead.


                  ANN 
                  OWEN
               



            . I live in the same house, and heard the noise, it lasted from half-past eleven till about twelve; we were afraid to give an alarm.
JONES'S Defence. It was a very wet night - I had no place to go to, and seeing this empty house, and all the windows broken, we went in for shelter.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
MYERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
