






1186. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BOYLE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CORNELIUS 
                     READING
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of September
, one handkerchief, value 2 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Scardfield
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  SCARDFIELD
               



            . I live in Cambridgeshire. On Sunday, the 1st of September, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was going down Tottenham Court-road


, towards my lodgings in Carmarthen-street, with my wife. A man came up, and asked if I had lost anything; I felt and missed my handkerchief, which I had used a very short time before. I found the prisoners in custody with it.


                  JAMES 
                  HICKS
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. I was in Tottenham Court-road, and saw the two prisoners following Mr. Scardfield. I watched, and saw Boyle take the handkerchief out - they were both in company. I seized Boyle - he dropped the handkerchief and began to cry.
(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  JOHN 
                  BOSTON
               



            . I met Hicks, and told him to watch the prisoners. We saw them following the prosecutor. I saw Boyle take the handkerchief. Hicks took him, and I took Reading.
READING'S Defence. I was going to my uncle's; this man laid hold of me. I asked what I had done - he said I should see to my sorrow.
BOYLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
READING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
