






463. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HAMMOND
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     STEWARD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of January
, a handkerchief, value 1 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Simons
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  STAINTON
               



            . I am an officer. On the 26th of January, about ten o'clock in the morning, I was in Smithfield-market


 on duty, with Hawkins, and saw the prisoners, in company with another, following the prosecutor. I watched them, and came close behind them; the one who has escaped, and Steward, were both endeavouring to pick Mr. Simons's pocket; the one who got off 
               drew
             the handkerchief from Mr. Simons's pocket, put it behind him to Hammond, and said,
"Take it - take it!" He took it, and I took him with it in his hand. The gentleman turned round and claimed it.
Prisoner STEWARD. Q. I was not within four yards of the gentleman - A. He was close to the gentleman at the time it was taken.
MR. 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  SIMONS
               



            . I am a wine-merchant. I was in Smithfield, and had a handkerchief in my pocket. I did not feel it taken, but heard a noise, turned round, and found the prisoner in custody close to me with it.


                  JOHN 
                  LACY HAWKINS
               



            . I am an officer. I stood on two or three steps, and saw these three boys following the prosecutor; they passed me; I desired Stainton to watch them. I followed them, and took Steward. They were all three in company.
HAMMOND'S Defence. The market was crowded - a lad picked the gentleman's pocket, and threw the handkerchief on me; I put my hand to take it off again, and the officer took it from me.
STEWARD'S Defence. I was going through the market; the officer laid hold of me, and said I had picked the gentleman's pocket.
HAMMOND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Confined Six Months
            .
STEWARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
