





412. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  MARTIN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 24th of December
, 2 coats, value 1l.; 1 jacket, value 10s.; 1 hat, value 1s.; 1 violin and bow, value 3l.; 1 flageolet, value 1l.; 1 brooch, value 2s.; and 1 pair of scissors, with 2 penknives and a sheath, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Anthony 
                        Le Riviere
                     




                  , which had lately before been stolen, he well knowing the same to have been stolen
            .
ANTHONY LE RIVIERE. I am a dancing-master
, and live in Marsham-street, Westminster. Between the 23d and 24th of December I lost this property; at six o'clock in the morning I received information, went down, and missed all the articles stated, and a great deal more besides, from two rooms. I went to the officers, and we found part of it; my back-kitchen window had been broken open and two holes made in it, and the bar removed; I went to bed about eleven o'clock at night. The property is worth 25l. at least.


                  JEMIMA 
                  LE REVIERE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's daughter. I was up last, and went to bed after eleven o'clock, leaving all the property safe.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODBURY
               



            . I am an officer. On the 24th of December the prosecutor applied to me - I went to his house, and found the back window open; two holes were bored through the shutter by a centre-bit. I went with Pace to the prisoner's house in Old Pye-street, which is five or six minutes' walk from the prosecutor's house - he was sitting at breakfast - it was about ten o'clock; Pace called him into the shop - I came in with them; he is a lock-smith and bell-hanger, and keeps a little shop; I turned round, and saw this violin in an old box without a lid - it was not a violin-box; I said, "Where did you get this violin?" he made no answer, but seemed very much confused; I took it out of the box, and under it found this flageolet; I said, "Martin, where did you get these things? I am quite convinced you know of the robbery, for these are the things;" he said, "They might be;" I said, "Where are the rest of the things?" he said he had got no more - I am sure he said so; I said I should search the place, and in turning round I saw a coat lay - I took it up, and said,"This comes from the robbery;" he said, "I dare say it may;" I said, "Have you any more?" and am sure he said No; we then opened the drawers in the parlour behind the shop - Pace took a blue coat out, and said, "This is one of the coats;" Martin said it was; Pace took a boy's jacket from the same drawer, and said it belonged to the robbery; he said it did; we asked if he had any thing more - he said No, it was all he had; Pace had asked him at first if he knew of a robbery in Marsham-street, but he had not time to answer before I put my hand on the violin. Pace afterwards found a small box in the bureau, with trinkets in it. As we were taking him to the office he said, "I will tell you where the two men are who I had them of; if you will go to my old house in the two-pair front room, you will find a man named Harford," and another name which I forget. We went, and found a bat in that room, but no men; but on inquiry I found one of the men lived in the house.
Cross-examined by MR. QUIN. Q. Did you not go to the prisoner's house for some other person? A. I went to see for a person for whom I had a warrant; I did not know it was necessary to state that; the prisoner's windows were open, but the door shut and fastened; there was no way of going into the shop but through the parlour, the door of which is down a passage; no person could see the things without going near the box; what the prisoner said was voluntarily.


                  THOMAS 
                  PACE
               



            . I am an officer: I went with Woodbury - his evidence is correct; I found the property, and at the other house an old hat; the box contained a quantity of trinkets; I tied it up, and took it to the office - the prosecutor claimed two buckles or brooches only; the rest were returned.
ANTHONY LE REVIERE. This is my flageolet and violin; the coat is mine, the hat my son's, and the jacket my little boy's; I have had these brooches twenty years; I could pick the violin out from five hundred - here are some marks on the back; I broke a pot of honey in the coat pocket, and here is the mark of it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LE REVIERE
               



            . This is my hat, and was stolen that night.
Prisoner's Defence. I keep the house, and have several lodgers - one of whom is a young man I told the officersof; he has lived in my house since May last; I pressed him for the rent, and he said, if he could not give me any money on Wednesday morning, he would give me some of his clothes and other things; and when he and another man brought them to me, I thought they were his own.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            . (See page 123.)
