





662. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GULLEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 1st of March
, four casks, value 25 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Philip Betts 
                     Blake
                  



               
             and 
               
                  James 
                  Mann
               



            .
MR. ALLEY conducted the prosecution.


                  PHILIP 
                  BETTS BLAKE
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  James 
                  Mann
               



            , we are brewers

, and live at Mile-end


.


                  THOMAS 
                  BUTLIN
               



            . I am drayman to the prosecutors. On the 1st of March, I took out the beer from the brew-house, Mile-end, and came by Whitechapel church, about ten o'clock in the morning, and put four empty casks down by the church, intending to call for them as I returned. I put them under the rails of the church, in the open street. I returned between six and seven o'clock in the evening, and they were gone. I informed the street-keeper, he said he saw them safe just before. On going home, I told my master, and went that night to look after them, and next morning, about ten o'clock, I went to the prisoner's; he is a cooper, and lives in Wentworth-street, and saw the casks under the shed of his cooperage; I saw them through a hole in the door - he saw me looking through the hole, came out and asked what I wanted there, I said,
"You have got my master's casks;" he said
"Hush, hush, let us make it up;" he offered to return them to me - he agreed to leave them at the cobler's in Montague-street. I went home and told my master I had found them - we went to him; he said he bought them of a drayman of Messrs. Cummings, for 14 s. I got an officer, went to the premises, and found three nine-gallon casks and a kilderkin; the kilderkin was on the premises, and the other three at the cobler's - they were those I lost; about two gallons of beer had been left in the kilderkin, and that was in it when I found it.
Cross-examined by MR. LAW. Q. How far is the church from your master's - A. About half a mile - we were in the habit of leaving them there when the horse was overloaded.
Q. The prisoner said he saw them laying in the road, and took them home for security - A. No, he lives a mile from my master's. I had a glass of gin with him. I did not propose to send them to the cobler's, I promised to fetch them from there with the dray, as I was afraid he would make away with them. He did not offer to shew them to me. I called out for an officer, he said
"Hush, Hush, don't make a noise," I do not know why all four were not sent to the coblers.
MR. ALLEY. Q. Was anything done to the cask which was left in his premises - A. Yes, it was all over dirt, and my master's name was defaced - I had examined it in the morning, the mark was chipped off with an adze, the wood was quite fresh chipped - the name Blake and Co. still remained visible.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an officer. On the 2d of March, I went with Butlin, with a search-warrant to search the prisoner's house, and found a kilderkin which Butlin identified. I asked the prisoner where he got them, he said, a man dressed as a brewer's servant, left them with him, but he had not bought them; he said he bought some other casks of a man named Dunn. He said he took three of the casks to a shoemaker's shop in Old Montague-street - I took him to the office. As we went along,; I had hold of him by the cuff of his coat, he said,
"Don't lead me like a dog, I'll go quiet;" I let him walk by my side, and at the corner of Red Lion-street, he ran off - I pursued, called Stop thief! and secured him.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever know a man carry one eighteen and three nine-gallon casks on his back at one time - A. I should think he might, if they were lashed together.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am an officer. I assisted in securing the prisoner, and found the eighteen-gallon cask on his premises; an attempt had been made to take the name off - it was fresh chipped - about two gallons of beer was in it.
(Property produced, and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Blake took four casks from me, and three from the shoemaker's. I told him they were sent there by his man's desire.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
