






1623. 
               
                  
                     PARAGON 
                     LLOYD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of September
, 1 sovereign, 4 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Jennings
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  JENNINGS
               



            . I am a master mariner
, and live in Church-street, Borough. On the 1st of September, at half-past twelve o'clock in the night, I was at the bottom of St. Mary-at-hill, Thames-street - I was sober. I never saw the prisoners before in my life, till this happened - I first saw them about two hundred yards from St. Mary-at-hill, in Thames-street; they spoke first to me: they did not ask me to go with them; one took hold of each arm: I immediately told them to quit me and go away - they kept by me, and I repeatedly desired them to leave me, all the way. Lloyd put her hand into my right hand waistcoat pocket, where I had a sovereign and 4s. 6d. in silver - I immediately took hold of her hand; she drew her hand out, and my money was gone. The other one immediately ran up St. Mary-at-hill. I immediately gave Lloyd in charge of the watchman: no money was found on her. Williams came down to the watch-house in about five minutes, to inquire for Lloyd - I immediately gave her in charge also - no money was found on her. I felt Lloyd's hand in my pocket, and am certain at that time that the money was there then; I had not put it there above two hours - I had my hand in my pocket while they were in my company, and felt it just before she took it.


                  THOMAS 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am an officer of Billingsgate Ward. I received charge of Lloyd, who was brought to the watch-house by a watchman, charged by Jennings with robbing him of a sovereign and 4s. 6d. - I searched, but found nothing on her - she denied it; they were both in the watch-house when I got there. Williams was charged with running away, and he suspected she had run away with the money - she was searched, but nothing was found on either of them.
The prisoners handed in a joint written defence, stating that they saw the prosecutor speaking to two women in Thames-street; that he crossed over the way, and laid hold of Lloyd, whom he wanted to force up a passage, but she not consenting he said he threatened to give her in charge - that he was much in liquor, and said he had been robbed, and she should pay for it.


                  THOMAS 
                  WEBB
               



            . I saw Jennings - he knew what he was about; he spoke rather fast, but I thought that was through the irritation of his losing his money.


                  JAMES 
                  JENNINGS
               



            . I expressed no inclination whatever to go with them. I swear I had spoken to no womenwhatever. My hand was not in my pocket at the time she put hers in; I caught hold of her hand, and never let it go. Williams was near enough to receive it - she was close to her.
LLOYD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
WILLIAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
