






1144. 
               
                  TIMOTHY 
                  MAGRATH
               




             and 
               
                  BENJAMIN 
                  DANIELS
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of May
, 1 watch, value 2l., the goods of 
                     James Melson


                  , from his person
            .
JAMES MELSON. I was in Mr. Nash's skittle-ground, in Margaret-street, near the Regent's-park


, on the 5th of May; I lost my watch from my right hand breeches pocket; I did not miss it till Mr. Nash told me of it, and it was brought into the house; I know Daniels very well; he is a butcher
, and was shaking hands with me as a friend at the time the watch was taken, which was about ten minutes before Mr. Nash told me it was gone. I had been drinking a little.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NASH
               



            . I am a publican, and live in Margaret-street. I was in the skittle-ground on the 5th of May; Daniels played one game, the other prisoner did not play; Melson was very tipsy, and was showing his watch in the ground; I told him to put it into his pocket, or to give it to me; he said he could take care of it himself - I soon afterwards saw Magrath setting close by him; his hand was near his breeches pocket; and at the same time I saw Daniels take hold of the prosecutor's hand, and shake it heartily; at that moment Magrath left the ground - I followed him, and when he got outside the door he ran; I called out Stop him! he stopped, came back, and asked what I wanted him for; I said I believed he had got something that did not belong to him; I sent for an officer, and sent for Melson; I asked if he had got his watch - he said No; the officer then came, and soon after I saw Daniels coming in out of the ground; he was stopped, and the two prisoners were both searched, but nothing found on them; a witness brought the watch into my house about ten minutes after I went out after Magrath; the prisoners had been in company, and had spoken, but I had not seen them drinking together.


                  PETER 
                  LE BLOND
               



            . I was standing at my shop door about thirty yards from the skittle-ground; Thorn came and said, she saw Magrath throw something from him - I went to Drury, who found the watch in the garden; I gave it to Mr. Nash.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DRURY
               



            . I am servant at a house nearly opposite the skittle-ground. I went into our garden a little after four o'clock, and found this watch, which I gave to Le Blond.


                  MARY 
                  THORN
               



            . I saw Magrath running down the street on the 5th of May, he threw something over the garden wall.


                  JOHN 
                  REID
               



            . I took charge of the prisoners, and this watch which I received from Nash.(Property produced and sworn to.)
MAGRATH's Defence. I went out to buy a bit oftobacco, and Mr. Nash called me; I turned round, and came to him; he said, he wanted me - I made no resistance; when Thorn was at the office she said, she did not know what I threw; it was a pipe I threw away - there were about three dozen people in the skittle-ground; it was not likely I should take a watch from a man, I was not sitting by for a minute.
DANIEL's Defence. I know nothing at all about it.
MAGRATH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
DANIELS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
