





411. 
               
                  
                     JONAS 
                     MYERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of March
, one watch, value 3 l.; one seal, value 1 s., and one key, value 2 d., the property of 
                     
                        Golden 
                        Harridge
                     




                  , from his person
            .
GOLDEN HARRIDGE. I am apprentice
 to a law-stationer, in Carey-street. On the 11th of March, at night, I went to a surgeon's in Seven Dials; I was returning between eleven and twelve o'clock at night with Hudson. When we got under the Piazza in Covent Garden


, the prisoner came up and dodged us to prevent our passing; I thought nothing of it then, but he returned and dodged before us again - I pushed him off, and immediately missed my watch. I told the watchman, and ran into the market, but could not find him; we then went to the theatre door and saw him. He ran away, I pursued, and the watchman stopped him. I charged him with stealing my watch, he said,
"Do you mean to say that I have it?" A number of persons assembled, I was pushed into the court, and he was taken to the watch-house. On the way to the watch-house I was suddenly seized by the mob, very ill-used, and had my jaw-bone broken - I am certain he is the man, I had a full view of his face. My watch was safe just before - I have not found it.


                  ROBERT 
                  HUDSON
               



            . I am the prosecutor's fellow-apprentice, and was with him. The prisoner came before us, and dodged us - I am certain he is the man; he left us and came again. Harridge pushed him away, and immediately said he missed his watch. We found the prisoner at the corner of the Piazza; he set off as hard as he could run, but was stopped. I am sure he is the man; a mob came round, and said he should not go to the watch-house. They struck the prosecutor very violently, and broke his jaw-bone.



                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running, followed, and secured him at the end of Russell-street. He cried out to the mob,
"Come on, and I will get away!" About twenty came up to rescue him, and struck me on the head. I at last got him to the watch-house.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to the play with my sister, and lost her coming out, heard the cry of Stop thief! and ran. The gentleman stopped me - I never saw the watch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Lord C. J. Abbott.
