





905. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOLMES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, 3 lbs. of raw silk, value 3 l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Matthew Topham 
                           Gibson
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Collier
                        



.


                  JOSEPH 
                  COLLIER
               



            . I am a ticket-porter
. On the 14th of July, about three o'clock, I was employed by Mr. Gibson to fetch a bale of silk from Mr. Brandon's in Leadenhall-street. I brought it as far as Bread-street, and between Bread-street


 and Watling-street


, I felt something touch the bale, and felt a nick at it, as if a string was cut by a knife; I turned round, and saw the prisoner with my parcel before him, trying to conceal it - he had cut it off the bale. I threw my bale down, and he immediately ran away, leaving the silk on the cill of a door. I called out stop thief, he ran about twenty yards, and was taken; I went up, and knew him to be the same man. The parcel was a sample of the bale.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROOKS
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Brandon. I delivered the silk to Collier. I secured the sample on the bale, it could not come off without being cut.


                  JAMES 
                  GRANT
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Black, in Bread-street. I saw the prisoner come suddenly up to our door, with his face against the glass, as if he was hiding from some one; he folded his arms, and then he put his hand to his pocket, and almost at the same instant he started from the door; I heard a cry of stop thief, opened the door, and ran after him. He was stopped by Taylor. I found the parcel of silk and the bale near our door.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GARDENER TAYLOR
               



            . I was standing at the gate in Bread-street, where I live, I heard the cry of stop thief, and saw the prisoner running violently, and crying stop thief most lustily, I caught hold of him, suspecting he was the thief; he said I was mistaken, for the man who stole the parcel had ran into Cheapside. I held him till Grant came, he immediately said he was the man, and he could swear to him. Grant desired me to take care of a knife which he had in his pocket. I fetched the officer, and while the officer was searching him I saw him pull his hand from his breeches pocket - I seized it, and took the knife from his hand.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I passed the porter, he turned round, pitched his load, and called stop thief! I ran, and they took me instead of the man.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
