






1149. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     ANDERSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDMUND 
                     TOMS
                  



               
             were indicted 


               for stealing, on the 20th of May
, 1 shawl, value 10s.
             the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .
ROBERT SMITH. I am a merchant
, and live at Kensington - my business is in the City; there is a business carried on at Kensington


 by another person, in his name, but it is my business. On the day previous to this transaction I had occasion to discharge the person who carried on the business, and was compelled to attend to it myself. On the 20th of May these two boys came into the shop about twelve o'clock, and I sold them a handkerchief for 6d., and they went away - in the course of the afternoon the officer came and asked if I had lost a shawl; I said, "I believe not;" but he produced this; I looked at it, and said, "I had two persons in my employ, and it bears the marks of each of those persons but I had not missed it.


                  ROBERT 
                  WALLIS
               



            . I am a shoemaker. The two prisoners came and looked in at my window for some time, and I suspected they were about robbing the place; I went to the door, and one asked me if I wanted to buy a handkerchief; I said, "What do you want for it?" he said 1s. - I said it was too much. and then one of them said I should have it for 9d. - I said I did not want it; the wind blew Anderson's coat aside, and I saw a shawl under it - I asked what he wanted for that - he said 7s.; I said I had not the money with me, and asked him to come in; Arderson then asked me if I kept a fence - I said I did not know what he meant; he said, "To receive stolen goods;" I asked what they had got, and they said jewellery, and they could let me have some in an hour; I detained them, and sent for an officer who secured them; this is the shawl.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am an officer. I went to the place on the 20th and saw the two prisoners; the shawl and handkerchief were lying on the counter - I took them to Mr. Smith, and asked if they were the boys who bought the handkerchief; he said Yes, and owned the shawl - I searched them, and found 4 1/2d. and a bit of paper - they both said they picked up the shawl in the shop.
ANDERSON'S Defence. We went to buy a 6d. handkerchief, and picked up the shawl just within the door - we were going towards Kensington; the witness came out and said, "Have you got a handkerchief to sell?" we said Yes; he said, "What is that handkerchief?" I said 1s. - he said, "That is too much, we can get them for 6d. in the shops;" he said, "Will you sell that shawl?" I said No; he said, "You had better sell it;" I said, "What will you give?" he said 7s.; he kept us till he saw a gentleman coming across and sent for an officer.
ANDERSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
TOMS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
