






407. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITHERS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of January
, 1 set of harness, value 30s.; 1 saddle, value 30s.; 1 pair of hames and traces, value 5s.; 1 back and belly-band, value 5s., and 1 pair of reins, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Fancourt
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  FANCOURT
               



            . I keep the Green Man public-house
, at Harlesdon-green


. On the 6th of January, at eight o'clock at night, this property was all safe in my stable. I was called up about seven o'clock in the morning, and missed it, but found it at the watch-house.


                  JAMES 
                  PURCELL
               



            . I am a watchman of Paddington. - I was on duty in the Harrow-road on the 7th of January, and saw the prisoners together, both carrying this harness; I stopped them - they said they were going to Belton-street, to harness a horse; I took them to the watch-house, and they both gave the same account there; Smithers asked me to go to Kensington Gravel-pits, to tell his father where he was; I went according to his direction, but could find no such person; I returned, and told him so; he said he did live there, and asked me to go to his brother, No. 47, Charles-street, Lisson-green; I went there, but could find no such person; there are not forty-seven houses there.


                  PETER 
                  HOLT
               



            . I was at the watch-house. The prisoners were brought in, and said they got the harness from Kensington - I searched them, and found two keys on Smithers, and a bunch and some odd keys on Jackson; I found Fancourt's stable window had been forced in, and as such did not try the keys.(Property produced and sworn to.)
SMITHERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
JACKSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
