







101. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     DALY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SAMBOURN
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     REEDY
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of November
, one hundred and twenty yards of flannel, value 7 l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Hawkes
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  HAWKES
               



            . I am a linen-draper
, and live in Glasshouse-street, Golden-square


. This flannel was tied to the door-post, and is worth 7 l. - it was safe half an hour before I missed it - I immediately ran round the corner, looked up Warwick-street, and saw Daly running with it, half way up the street; it was a very large roll; I ran and got before him, turned round to take him, and he threw it in my face. I called Stop thief! and a gentleman secured him. Sambourn came up with a stick, and kept striking the gentleman, and said, "Let him alone, let him alone." I did not see Reedy.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Where was the flannel - A. In the street, tied to the door-post.
SAMBOURN. I did not have a stick - it was a cane; and I did not strike the gentleman. - Witness. Yes, he did - the gentleman was obliged to let go, and they both ran away, but were both secured without getting out of sight - two rolls were taken.


                  GEORGE 
                  HENLEY
               



            . I am a journeyman butcher, and live with Mr. Cox, in Glasshouse-street. On the 20th of November, about five o'clock in the evening, I was minding the shop, which is nearly opposite Mr. Hawkes's, and saw two men walking along the other side with a large roll of flannel - I suspected them, and went to Mr. Hawkes, who followed them. I could not leave the shop - they went up Warwick-street. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and caught Daly about ten yards from the shop.


                  ROSETTA 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I keep a clothes-shop, at No. 2, Crown-street, Soho. On Thursday, the 20th of November, about five or six o'clock, a man came into the shop with a roll of flannel.
Q. Did he sell it - A. I do not know, for I went into the shop, and left him with my husband; I found it in the shop afterwards. The officer came and searched the house next morning, and found it.
Q. You saw the man come in - A. Yes; but I went into the parlour. He spoke to my husband - I only went into the shop to throw some dirty water into the street. I was taken on Friday, but did not go to the office that day. I have not seen my husband since, nor heard of him.
Q. They took you up for receiving it, I suppose - A. They said they took me for finding the property in the house. I cannot recollect whether either of the prisoners brought the flannel.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am constable of St. James's. On Thursday, the 20th of November, I received Daly and Sambourn in charge, with a roll of flannel; and about half-past eight that evening, Reedy came to the watch-house to enquire for the other prisoners, and called one of them Roberts. Having heard that there were two rolls of flannel taken, I secured him, and found 23 s. 6 d. on him. I asked him several questions - he sent me to different places in Mary-le-bone, where he said he had got the money, but I found it was false, and in the morning I told him it was very wrong to send me to so many places. I neither threatened nor promised him. He said Sambourn had given him a roll of flannel, and he took it to Crown-street, to a Jew's shop, and that was the money he received for it. I went to Phillips's shop - they refused to let me search without a warrant. I got one, and found a small piece of flannel (which had been cut off the roll) under the water-butt, quite wet, and the roll was up stairs. Phillips has absconded.


                  JOHN 
                  WALES
               



            . I am an officer, and went with Webb to Phillips's, and found the roll of flannel on the top of the garret stairs, covered over with a shawl, and a piece cut off, under the water-butt.
MR. HAWKES. I believe this piece to be cut off the rolls - it is of the same texture, and there is that quantity deficient. They were both secured within five minutes from the time I lost it.
SAMBOURN'S Defence. I was walking down Warwick-street - heard a cry of Stop thief! a mob gathered - I walked on to see what was the matter - two or three gentlemenstruck me in the face; I up with my came and struck them, and ran away.
REEDY'S Defence. I was going towards Glasshouse-street with 
               
                  Charles 
                  Roberts
               



            , a bricklayer, who was rather the worse for liquor, and while we were in conversation, a stranger came and asked if I was in want of a job, which I gladly accepted, and told Roberts to wait for me at the corner of the street; the stranger put the roll of flannel on my shoulder, told me to follow him, and pointed out a shop where I was to take it to, and get a sovereign for it; he gave me a shilling, and we parted. Roberts was not there; and hearing some men were in the watch-house, I went there to ask for Roberts, and was detained.
DALY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
SAMBOURN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
REEDY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
