





Jury of Half Foreigners.
848. 
               
                  ISAAC 
                  INSON, alias 
HYAMS, alias 
ISAACS





             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of March
, 3 pieces of handkerchiefs, containing 14 handkerchiefs, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Tate
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  HUTCHINSON WAUGH
               



            . I am warehouseman to Mr. William Tate. On the 11th of March, the prisoner and another person came to the warehouse - the prisoner acted as interpreter to the other man, and spoke English - they represented themselves as German merchants, purchasing goods in this country, and requested to look at different goods, which I shewed them: they looked at lace, and different goods, but the only article they particularly looked at, was Bandanna handkerchiefs, of which we have a large stock; they offered me 11s. 6d. a piece for 1000 pieces, and represented that the other person had bought goods of us, eight years before - but we had no recollection of him: they looked at two or three hundred pieces - and then stated, that they would call next day, and give final instructions respecting them: they bought nothing - they were going away, but from their appearance and behaviour, I suspected them. As you go out of our door, there is about two yards before you can get to the steps leading to the court-yard. I got between them at the top of the steps, and said "At what hour, to-morrow, shall I expect you, gentlemen?" I looked the prisoner full in the face, he evidently flinched, and wished to pass me. I noticed there was some bulk under his arm; on looking him full in the face, I saw there was something wrong, and on opening his coat I found these three pieces of goods under his arm - he held up his hands and begged for mercy. I called the porter to collar him; he did so - I took them from under his arm; he struggled, and got half-way down the steps; I threw down the goods to assist the porter, and during the scuffle, the other man escaped.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESSWELL. Q. Did you see the prisoner when he came in? A. Yes; his coat was a large loose one - our goods have the manufacturer's mark on them, but no private mark; he could not have had them in that place when he came in, for he was very active in unpacking a box himself, and his coat was open - he had them concealed under his arm, supported by his arm; and he used his arms to unpack the box.
COURT. Q. Have you any doubt of the property? A. None whatever. While the officer had him in charge, we counted our goods, and missed three pieces: these made up the deficiency - he fell on his knees and begged for mercy; he spoke English very well.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner, who representing that he could not speak English, stated, through the medium of an interpreter, that he had met the other man in the street, who persuaded him to accompany him to the warehouse - that all the English he could speak was to ask and offer a price; that the other man told him he had bought three pieces, and paid for them, and told him to take them and go out, as he had something private to say to the gentleman.
JAMES HUTCHINSON WAUGH. No money was tendered, and if there had been, the prisoner must have seen it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 54.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
