






1892. 
               
                  MARIA 
                  BENJAMIN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of September
, 1 pelisse, value 30s.; 1 bonnet, value 30s., and 1 petticoat, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Ellen 
                  Gordon
               




            , widow
.
ELLEN GORDON. I am a widow - I live at Newington, and am a dress-maker
 by trade - I met the prisoner on Sunday night, the 17th of September, about half-past nine or ten o'clock, in Leicester-square - I had seen her at a friend's house about twelve months before. I was taken very ill that night in the square, and the prisoner came and said, "Gordon, is that you?" and offered to take me to her lodgings in Pump-court, Westminster


; she had a young man with her - I told her not to take me to her house, but to a friend's in Catherine-street - she said,"Come to my place; it is very humble; but you will be better in the morning" - it rained very fast, and I went. The next morning, having no money about me, I gave her my handkerchief to pawn, and she took up my lace-cap and said, "Let me take this too;" I said, "Do," and when she came back, she gave me a glass of gin - I was still in bed, and I turned round and went to sleep again - I awoke in about an hour and a half, and all the articles stated in the indictment were gone, and the prisoner also. I did not know what to do, as I had nothing to put on - I did not see the prisoner again till the Tuesday, when I met her with my bonnet on; I caught her, and took her to St. James's watch-house - I never permitted her to pawn any thing but the cap and handkerchief, which I believe she pawned for 3s. I knew her by the name of Simmonds.


                  JOHN 
                  NICHOLAS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Gray, pawnbroker, of Tothil-street, Westminster - I have a silk pelisse and a petticoat, pawned by the prisoner in the name of Mary Smith.


                  EDMUND 
                  PEPPER
               



            . I am a constable. This bonnet was on the prisoner's head when she was brought to the watch-house.


                  GEORGE 
                  BEAZELY
               



            . I was told the prosecutrix was in the house, and had nothing to put on - I went there, and took her some clothes - I found the place a den of thieves, and was afraid to go up-stairs; when I got half-way, I found the place all in darkness.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. This lady has no claim to the name of Gordon; but she has gone by the name of the Duchess of Gordon - she is a common prostitute - the last witness keeps a house of the same description. When I met her, near one o'clock in the morning, quite intoxicated, I asked her if she would have a coach home, and she said she had not the money to pay for it. I am married to a person of the name of Benjamin - all the articles were given me to pawn except the bonnet, which was lent to me.


                  ELLEN 
                  GORDON
               



            . My husband's name was James Henry Gordon. I had been that evening to Broad-court Chapel, and I think it was the heat that overcame me - I was taken very ill in the street, and the watchman said, "Sit down on the steps, and you will be better."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
