






172. 
               
                  PETER 
                  MONNAGAN
               




             and 
               
                  TIMOTHY 
                  RILEY
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of December
, 140lbs. of rope, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Davis
               




            .
Riley 


               pleaded GUILTY
            .
SAMUEL DAVIS. I am a wheelwright
, and live in the Commercial-road, Limehouse


. I lost 140lbs. weight of rope from my premises there on the 5th of December - it had been under cover. Before I was up that morning one of my lads said some of it had been found in the field- I got up to see if we could trace it, but we could not.I then went to the marine-store dealers about there, and to a marine-store dealer of the name of Hart, in Well-street; I looked through his window, into the back of his premises, and there I saw my property. I asked Hart if the person who was there had brought it - he said he had, but the person denied it. I had seen it safe on the Sunday.


                  SAMUEL 
                  WILLIAM HART
               



            . I am a dealer in marine-stores. The prisoners brought the rope to me about seven o'clock on Monday morning; Riley staid outside while Monnagan came in, and said he had got some rope to sell - I knew him to be a bad character, and I told him I had no change; he insisted upon leaving it till eight o'clock; I then turned him out of the shop; nothing had passed between us about price; I was not up when he came. I sleep in the shop, and I told him as I laid in bed that the rope should not be left - he took it away, and sent another man with, what I believe to be, the same rope; it appeared so. I remarked the rope to be about 1cwt., 1qr., and 10lbs. I had not given information about it.


                  FRANCIS 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I am a labourer. Last Monday morning, I went to Blackwall to get work, and the morning being wet I was sent home to get my breakfast - as I was going up Robinhood-lane, I met the two prisoners, and they called me and said, if I would sell the rope for them, they would pay me for it, or give me some beer. I took this rope to Mr. Hart's, and asked him to buy it - he asked what was the price of it - I said I did not know - he said he would give me 7s. a cwt. - it was put into the scale and weighed 1 cwt. 1 quarter and 7lbs. - while I was there the prosecutor came in, collared me, and asked where I got it. I said of these two young men - he took me to the constable's - and as we were going along I met Monnagan and said that was one of the young men I had it from.


                  JOHN 
                  BURKE
               



            . I work for Captain Clarke. On Monday morning last I went to work, and was sent home to breakfast - as I came back I saw the prisoners - they told me they had given some rope to the last witness to sell. I said, "Why did you not sell it yourselves, if you got it honestly." Monnagan said he had fell out with the man at the marine store-shop, and had sent Murphy to sell it.
MONNAGAN'S Defence. I met Riley at the corner of Bow-lane - he asked me to go and sell the rope, and he would give me 1s. I took it, and they would not buy it of me - he then sent Murphy who sold it, and he had the money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
Both 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
