







1394. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     WALTON
                  





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of June

, 7 books, value 7s.; 2 tea-spoons, value 3s.; 1 table-spoon, value 3s.; 4 yards of linen, value 4s.; 2 sheets, value 10s.; 2 pillow-cases, value 2s.; 1 counterpane, value 6s.; 3 shirts, value 15s.; 2 table-cloths, value 4s.; 2 waistcoats, value 3s., and 1 set of bed-furniture, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Sophia 
                  Lucas
               



            .
SOPHIA LUCAS. I am a widow
, and live in Ossulton-street, Somers'-town



. The prisoner had my first floor furnished - her husband is foreman to Mr. Cubitt, the builder; this property was taken between March and June - she had not left, but was taken for another offence, and then I missed it.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.When did you find that she had robbed you? A.On the 16th of June; I did not know of her pawning these things -there were two table-cloths which I found at the pawnbroker's, on which I had received 4s. 6d., but I have not charged her with stealing them; the two table-cloths which are down are two common kitchen ones - I certainly did offer to repay her the 4s. 6d. if I got my property; I have another lodger in the house, an elderly gentleman, who has been with me twelve months - I never knew of her pawning these articles; I missed them, and spoke to her about them: no such word ever escaped my lips as that I did not care what things were pawned for the temporary use of my lodgers, so long as they were returned when they left the lodgings - I will swear I had not sold these sheets for 18s., nor any of these articles: I had not agreed to receive payment from her by instalments, except for those cloths on which I received the 4s. 6d.


                  THOMAS 
                  PEWTNER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Ossulton-street. I have nearly the whole of this property which was pawned by the prisoner at different times.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a shirt, a pillow-case, and a towel, pawned by the prisoner.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. My landlady has repeatedly told me when I was in want of money, that she did not care what I did with the property, so long as it was returned- I have remarked that I have been obliged to pawn, and she never asked what it was; I was to pay 18s. for the sheets, and 4s. for the table-cloths - I have pawned some things which she says some gentleman gave her at the'Change, in consequence of her distress; the tea-spoons she lent me - they were not let with the apartment: the shirts were given me to iron, and I pawned them; I am not aware of the books being hers - she has often had the money for which I pawned the things.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.
1395. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  BRIGHT
               




             and the said 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  WALTON
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of June

, 1 dress, value 1l.; 1 1/2 yard of gauze, value 5s., and 1 gown-skirt, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Simpson
                     



                  , their master
            .


                  HANNAH 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Simpson, silk-mercer
, of Regent-street



. Walton was our temporary cook
, and Bright had been my regular housemaid
 for about two months - I missed these articles from the first floor room, where they had been deposited, while the shop was undergoing some alterations; this skirt was found in the drawer at Waltson's lodging.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SAMUEL SMITH
               



            . I am assistant in this shop. I went with Andrews, the constable, to Walton's lodging,in Ossulton-street; we found a skirt which had been in the first floor room - Walton said Mrs. Simpson gave it her, but afterwards confessed that she stole it; I then opened another drawer and found this dress, which she at first said she bought at Southampton, and then that she took it from the first floor room.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for, and went to Walton's with Smith; I found this property -I searched Bright's drawer and found this gauze in it; she had not left the house - she denied that it belonged to Mr. Simpson; she had no box.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you find any thing else in her drawer? A. No; I found this other piece of gauze at her sister's in Crown-street.
MRS. SIMPSON. These are my husband's; this gauze alone is of very little value, but it belonged to a dress, and was taken out and cut into a tippet - I heard her tell Walton so.
Cross-examined. Q.What is the value of this bit of gauze? A. Not much; the dress would be worth 2l. - I do not know whether the officer was there when Bright said she cut it up to make a tippet; I think he was gone up stairs - she told me she took it out of the drawing-room; I was not asked before the Magistrate what the prisoner said; Bright confessed that she had taken a shawl and other things - I know this pink dress; I have the dress-maker here who made the two dresses into one; it is different from any other in London; the gauze has no mark upon it -Bright has been in our service for about two months; I had a good character with her.
Walton's Defence. I had the dress made up for myself.
BRIGHT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
WALTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
There was another indictment against Walton.
