





224. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  WHEATLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of November
, 1 yard of silk, value 2s.; 2 yards of calico, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Perkins
                     



                  ; and 1 table-cloth, value 1s.; 1 night-gown, value 1s.; 2 spoons, value 4s.; 3 caps, value 1s.; 1 shawl, value 3s.; 1 bonnet, value 3s.; 1 box, value 6d.; 1 umbrella, value 1s.; 1 pair of pattens, value 1s.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 2 shirts, value 4s.; 4 pairs of stockings, value 1s.; 2 towels, value 6d.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s.; 1 apron, value 6d.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; 1 dish, value 4d.; 1 basin, value 2d.; and 1 bucket, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Leggett
               



            .
JOHN PERKINS. I am a pawnbroker
, and live in Church-row, St. Pancrass


. On Sunday, the 19th of November, Mrs. Leggett, who lodges with me, came to my room, and asked me to take the prisoner in as a lodger - we agreed - she was to sleep on a sofa-bed in the front parlour. On the, Tuesday evening following, Mr. and Mrs. Leggett went out between eight and nine o'clock. They live in the front kitchen. The prisoner soon afterwards told my wife, in my presence, that she was going out; she went out, and returned in about ten minutes; and then said she was going to have her bonnet cleaned - she went out soon after with a bonnet-box in one hand, and an umbrella in the other - she said she should return; but did not. I afterwards received information from Leggett, and next night the pawnbroker called, and shewed me some silk and other things of mine.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  PERKINS
               



            . I am the wife of John Perkins. This silk is mine; it was locked up in the front-parlour, where the prisoner slept; the key was in my bed-room, which is the back-parlour. There were no marks of violence on the door - it must have been opened by a false key.
JAMES LEGGETT. I lodge at Mr. Perkins'; - the prisoner drank tea with me on the 21st of November. I and my wife went out about nine o'clock that evening. I returned about ten o'clock, and missed a hat-box and the articles stated in the indictment.


                  ANN 
                  LEGGETT
               



            . The prisoner came to lodge at the house on the 19th of November; - on the 21st I went out with my husband - I had been away about an hour, and had left the prisoner in the house - we missed this property.


                  ISAAC 
                  KEMPTON
               



            . I am an officer, and took the prisoner last Monday. I found a hat-box, umbrella, and a pair of pattens - and on her person I found fifteen duplicates.


                  JOHN 
                  ABITHEL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Gray's Inn-lane; - on Tuesday, the 21st of November, the prisoner pawned two tea-spoons.



                  ELIZABETH 
                  BARTLETT
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Cromer-street - the prisoner pawned a shawl with me.


                  JAMES 
                  FRANCIS THOMPSON
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker; and have a remnant of silk pawned on the 21st of November by the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  BRITTON
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Battle-bridge. I have a remnant of calico which was pawned on the 20th of November - I cannot say who by.


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I was with Kempton; I have a duplicates of this property.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
