





192. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ROLFE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, 3 live same ducks, price 4s. 6d.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Clarke
                  




               
            .
GEORGE WILLIAM BELL. I am fourteen years of age. I know Mr. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Clarke
               



             - he lives opposite Bartholomew-place


, and had nineteen ducks, but he has lost them all - they used to go about: on the 27th of November he had six in a ditch behind my father's house, and about twelve o'clock I saw the prisoner and two others in the field; I watched them, and saw two of them get into the ditch, the others drove them up, and the prisoner put one into his pocket, and another lad took another - I went up stairs, got out at window, and went to Mr. Clarke's- a man and I pursued the prisoner: they had taken all the six ducks, and three were found on the prisoner.
WILLIAM THOROUGHGOOD. I live with Mr. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Clarke
               



            . He had six ducks; Bell told me some boys were taking them - I ran and overtook the prisoner and another lad; there was one on before them with a bag, and no doubt he had the other three - I found these three in the prisoner's pocket, and knew them to be my master's; I asked what he had got in his pocket - he said it was nothing to me; I put my hand into his pocket, and found these three ducks.
Prisoner. A young man asked me to help him catch six ducks, and told me to carry these three with him to Holloway.


                  RICHARD 
                  DEYKIN
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and found on him this tinder-box and this hammer; this tinder-box is such as thieves generally use, if they cannot afford a phosphorus-box.
Prisoner's Defence. I found it in the field.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
