






663. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JOHNSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, 1 petticoat, value 2s.; 2 pillow-cases, value 2s.; 1 habit-shirt, value 6d.; 2 stockings, value 6d.; 2 pieces of dimity, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 napkin, value 1s.; 2 gloves, value 6d.; 1 sheet, value 2s.; 1 pelisse, value 6s.; 2 gowns, value 6s.; 1 cloak, value 6s.; 2 aprons, value 4s.; I cap, value 1s.; 1 pair of pockets, value 6d., and 1 pocket-book, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Gransden
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GRANSDEN
               



            . I am an officer in the Navy
, and live at Deptford. On the 9th of February we were going from London in a light cart, and had a trunk with us, containing all the things here enumerated; I put the trunk into the cart; I did not miss it till I got to my own house, which was in about an hour; we set off about five o'clock in the evening.


                  JANE 
                  ANN GRANSDEN
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife - I packed up the trunk - some of the articles are here, and I can swear to them; they are my husband's, and had belonged to my late mother - I was in the cart, but did not miss the trunk out of it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PALMER
               



            . I live with my father at Walworth. On Monday week last I was at my father's till about one o'clock in the day - I afterwards went to the Bricklayers' Arms - I saw the two prisoners there, whom I knew, and I joined them; we saw a cart, which belonged to 
               
                  John 
                  Chapple
               



            , of Deptford, going down the Bermondsey New-road


; I knew 
               
                  Charles 
                  Sims
               



            , the driver, and spoke to him: the prisoners were with me; Jones said it was a good speck if I would like to go; Johnson was present; we followed the cart, and Johnson cut the cord which had tired this box on the tail-board - I lifted the box off just beyond the St. Helena turnpike


, and set it down in the road - Jones was just behind me, and Johnson just behind him I believe; I am sure he was present; Jones picked the box up, andset it down in a ditch to conceal it; in a short time I came up and got it out - Johnson was not present then - but after Jones and I had carried it a short distance we saw him, and gave him the box; he carried it about half the distance from there to the Docks, and then Jones and I carried it; we took it down into some mud at the back of the canal-bridge and took out these articles, which we put about the waistbands of our breeches, and in different parts; Jones said we were to take them to Lewis', in Rosemary-lane - we all went there; Jones went into Lewis' house -Lewis' boy then came and called me in; I took the things off my person and left them there; Lewis was present - it was in a back room adjoining the shop; I then went out and sent Johnson in; they were there a long time; Lewis' boy came and beckoned me in again, and Johnson came out- Lewis said they were worth nothing to him, they did not suit him, he had no call in the country for such things as these - they were almost all female appared; we packed the things about our persons again; either Lewis or his boy called Johnson in again, and he packed some things about his person and some in a bag; Lewis then went to the door, and said the officers were looking about - they were larafied, or some such word; he said the officers were gone, and we had better make the best of our way up Lion-street; Johnson went out first, I went next, and 
               Jones
             a little time after; Lewis said we had better go out together; Jones said to Lewis, "Are the things not worth any thing?" and said they came a long way from there.
Prisoner JONES. He came to us, and said he knew the boy belonging to the cart; and he knew he could steal the things from the cart if I would go with him. Witness. No such thing.


                  THOMAS 
                  FOGG
               



            . I am an officer. On Monday week I saw the prisoners coming out of Lewis' shop in Rosemary-lane; I stopped Jones and Johnson, Till stopped Palmer; I found in a bag on 
               Johnson
             some of these things - my brother searched Jones; I was going by, and Lewis said he had three chaps in there with something that was not right.


                  JAMES 
                  FOGG
               



            . I was in the lane at the time; I searched Jones, and found some of these articles on him, inside his waistcoat and trousers, and some in his cap; I afterwards found a pair of gloves in Palmer's pocket; they said they had found the things in a field just beyond Whitechapel turnpike; Palmer said he knew where, but it was best known to himself; Lewis told us he thought they came from over the water.


                  JAMES 
                  TILL
               



            . I searched Palmer, and found a silk cloak, two aprons, and some other articles marked R. B.; this was about eight o'clock in the evening.


                  JANE 
                  ANN GRANSDEN
               



            . These things are my husband's; the letters R. B. are my mother's initials.
Johnson put in a written defence, stating that Palmer had induced him to commit the robbery, and threatened to injure him if he did not cut the string of the box.
JOHNSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
