





679. 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  NORMAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of December
, 1 gown, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Willis
               




            .


                  CAROLINE 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am William Willis' daughter-in-law - he lives in Stingo-yard


. On the 11th of December the prisoner came and asked if Mrs. Thompson lived there; I said Yes, as that was my mother's former name; she asked me to show her the privy, which I did - she said she did not like to go there, and asked to go up stairs - I took her up; I stood on the landing-place - she pointed to my room, and asked if I slept there; she was scratching her leg, and said it itched, and I think she was then taking my mother's gown, for there was nobody there but her - it was a chocolate colour, with a chintz flower; she was gone before I missed it; I told Mr.Willis, when he came home, and in about two months I saw the prisoner in the street, and told my mother that was the woman - she sent for an officer, and he took her; I had seen the gown about an hour before she came.


                  MARY 
                  ANN BASS
               



            . On the 11th of December I was standing at my mother's door, No. 2, Stingo-yard. The prisoner came and asked if I knew Mrs. Thompson, who kept a mangle - I said No, but a neighbour directed her to Willis' - the prisoner knocked at their door, and went in, and in about half an hour my mother sent me to Mr. Jenks', a pawnbroker, and while I was there the prisoner came in with Mrs. Willis' gown, which she laid on the counter, and asked 3s. on it - they would only lend 2s. 6d. - I said to her, "You found it out?" she said Yes - I said, "But she did not keep a mangle?" she said No, it was her mistake; that it was all right, and thanked me - I had seen Mrs. Willis wear the gown.


                  JOHN 
                  EDWARD BENNETT
               



            . I live at Mr. Jenks'. The prisoner came and offered a chocolate gown, with a chintz flower - I would not lend her 3s., and she took it away.


                  THOMAS 
                  HENRY THOMPSON
               



            . I am a Bow-street patrol. On the 16th of February, in consequence of information, I went to No. 4, Stephen-street, and found the prisoner; she said she was the most unlucky girl in the world, and offered to pay for the gown rather than be locked up.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going for something for dinner, when this child accused me of taking the gown; I never saw her in my life, and was never in the place; I took no gown to the pawnbroker's.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
