





679. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     BRADY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of April
, one ass, price 11 s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Brigg
                        



                     
                  , and one ass, price 20 s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Pitter
                  



               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  BRIGGS
               



            . I am a mat-maker
, and live at Barnet. On the 20th of April I turned my ass out in Galley-lane, Barnet Common


, between seven and eight o'clock at night, and missed it about five o'clock in the morning - I found it a week after in possession of Cousins. The prisoner is a stranger.


                  JAMES 
                  PITTER
               



            . I am a labourer
. I lost my ass at the same time.


                  CHARLES 
                  COUSINS
               



            . I am keeper of the watch-house at Hampstead-road. On the 21st of April, at three o'clock in the morning, the prisoner was brought to me with two asses - he said they were his own, that he bought one at Smithfield three weeks ago, and the other three days ago. The prosecutors claimed them, and described them before they saw them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOOPER
               



            . I am a watchman of Hampstead-road. About a quarter past three o'clock in the morning of the 21st of April I stopped the prisoner on the road with two asses, he said he bought them at Smithfield.
Prisoner's Defence. I met two men with four asses, and gave them 1 l. for two. They told me how long they had had them, and I thought proper to say the same.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
