





2020. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  JARVIS
               




             was again indicted for 


               a like offence
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GEORGE LEIGH
               



            . I produce the marriage-register of St. George, Hanover-square, by which it appears that Edward Jarvis, bachelor, was married to 
               
                  Rachael 
                  Pearce
               



            , spinster
, by license, on the 16th of December, 1797 - I was not in office at that time - the register is signed Thomas Ash, curate, and by the clerk and sexton; I knew their writing - the clerk and sexton are dead.


                  JOHN 
                  STRATTON
               



            . I know the prisoner; he came to work for me about six years ago - he came from Horncastle, in Lincolnshire; he sent for his wife, and she came up; I saw her, and have heard her say her maiden name was Rachael Pearce, many times, in his presence; they lodged in my house; she is now living in Clarendon-street, Somer's-town - she is the same person who lived with him, as his wife - they have a son about twenty-four years old, and a daughter older; they always treated them as their children; his wife is about sixty years old.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know where she is now? A. Yes; I saw her six weeks ago - he called her Rachael, and also wife, and she called him husband. The children called them mother and father.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  FINLAYSON
               



            . I am niece to Mrs. Gray. I obtained an extract of the register which has been produced. I saw Rachael Jarvis at Clarendon-street - I afterwards saw the prisoner behind the counter of a shop in Windmill-street - I cannot say he was serving there; I told him of his marriage to Rachael Pearce, of Clarendon-street - he at first denied it, but afterwards said she was his wife; I said, "How could you think of marrying my aunt, when you knew you were married?" he said he knew he was a scoundrel or villain, and said, "I know I am married, and my wife is a good manager, a good liver, and a good provider, but our tempers did not agree;" I said, "You have taken my aunt's money?" he said, "Yes, I have;" I said, "Now, take my advice, young as I am - take 100l. and fly." but he would not.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it by your advice your aunt prosecuted? A. Not exactly; I thought it my duty to interfere. I live with my mother. The prisoner and my aunt only lived together four or five days - she asked my advice about this; she is sixty-eight years old, and I am nineteen.


                  JOHN 
                  GEORGE LEIGH
               



            . I produce the register of the prisoner's marriage to Whitehurst, as I read before.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  WHITEHURST
               



            . This register is signed by me; the prisoner is the man I married at St. George, Hanover-square


, on the 3d of July
.
Prisoner's Defence. I am compelled to state that Pearce never was my wife, nor was I in London till about five years ago; I never acknowledged to Finlayson that Pearce was my wife - all our conversation was about my running away. She was married to a man named Jarvis, but that was not me; I had a cousin named Jarvis - he came to town, and he was Pearce's husband; he went to America - she was visiting in Kent - we became acquainted, and we cohabited - I have a son and daughter, but I am not her husband. Whitehurst was my first wife, and I am proud to own it.


                  CHARLES 
                  McDUFF
               



            . I know the prisoner, and know his hand-writing; I believe the signature to the marriage with Rachael Pearce to be his.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 54.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
