






1044. 
               
                  MARY 
                  HODGES
               




             and 
               
                  JANE 
                  WELCH
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, 26 yards of printed cotton, value 13s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hall
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Thomas Hall, a linen-draper
 of Bishopsgate-street, without


. Last Friday, I saw the two prisoners at the door, but did not see them do anything; I soon after missed a piece of print from the door - in about an hour and a half I saw them again at the window. and Hodges had a large basket in her hand; I went out and looked at the basket, which was covered with a blue apron; they went down the street, and looked at some ear-rings in a jeweller's window - I went to look in the basket, and Welch came and put her cloak between me and the basket, and began pulling her ear-rings, and asked Hodges if she thought they would match; I told Hodges to come back with me; she said, the basket did not belong to her - I said, she could not object to come back with me to our shop; but I took her to Mr. Johnson's shop, and found this print of Mr. Halls, in the basket, and another piece of print, belong to Mr. Needham, of Shoreditch - I went to fetch an officer, and on returning, I met Welch; I told her, she was the very person I was looking for, and she must go back; she said, she would not - I said, if she did not, I would get an officer; I compelled her to go back, and gave charge of them - this is the print; it has our shop mark on it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILTSHIRE
               



            . I am an officer and took the prisoners.
The prisoners put in written defences, in which Hodges stated that Welch had left her for about ten minutes, and on returning, put something into her basket; but what it was she could not tell. - Welch, in her defence stated that she had found the print in the street, and put it into Hodge's basket.


                  JAMES 
                  REYNOLDS
               



             re-examined. Q. How long had you missed the print? A. About an hour and a half; there was a piece of calico drawn over the prints, which led me to suspect something was wrong.
HODGES - GUILTY. Aged 25.




               Hodges received a good character, and was recommended to Mercy
            .




               Confined Two Months
            .
WELCH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
