





Second London Jury - before Mr. Recorder.
50. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BROWN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of November
, 1 wooden box, value 1s., and 25 pieces of plain French cambric, value 40l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Brown
               



             and others.
SECOND COUNT, stating it to belong to 
               
                  Wm. John 
                  Hall
               



            .
Mr. BARRY conducted the prosecution.


                  ROBERT 
                  STEPHEN PARSLOW SPILLMAN
               



            . I am shipping-clerk to Robert Brown and Co.; they had some plain French cambrics at Mr. William John Hall's wharf. I was desired to go there for six cases to be taken from a bale containing ten; I paid the duty; one box was opened, and contained twenty-five pieces of plain French cambric - it was closed again in my presence: I arranged with Fancourt, Hall's servant, for two men to convey them to our premises, No. 157, Cheapside, and paid him 3s. forthe conveyance, but only five boxes arrived - the one missing is worth 45l., and has not been found; the persons who brought them made a communication to me.


                  RICHARD 
                  MARSHALL FANCOURT
               



            . I am warehouseman to Mr. William John Hall, at the Custom-house-quay. On the 23d of November, Spillman came for some packages of cambric; the duty was paid on six boxes - I opened them; they contained plain French cambrics - they were to be conveyed to Messrs. Brown and Co., by the men working in our warehouse - Short and two others were to convey them; I saw them in his possession on the quay, outside the warehouse, but did not see the prisoner there - I have occasionally seen him there - he is a carman, but was not employed by us.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHORT
               



            . I am a labourer at the Custom-house-quay. On Thursday, the 23d of November, I received six wooden boxes and a bale from the locker; they were placed just outside the warehouse door; I know the prisoner very well - he was there above half an hour; I first saw him there about half-past four o'clock - he asked if I wanted a cart to take the cases; I said, No, the man was going after a truck. I have known the prisoner two years - he asked me ten or twelve times if I would have a cart, and kept leaning on the cases; a truck came along, and I asked the man who came along with it, if he would take them, as we could not get one; Brown said he would be d-d if I should take them in a truck, he would fetch a cart; instead of a cart coming a carman came; the prisoner came to the boxes, and leaned over them again; the carman asked if I wanted a cart - I said No; he said he would have nothing to do with them, and walked away; Brown was still leaning on the boxes; the man whom I had sent for a truck came in at the gate; I went to ask if he had got one, and when I turned round I saw Brown take one box in his right-hand; it would not weigh 28lbs.; he ran out of the gate with it; I told the man to mind the other five, and I followed him, but saw nothing of him - he was out of sight when I got to the gateway. The box has not been found; it was about five o'clock when he took it; I am positive I saw him take it away.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a carman, and live in Lower Thames-street. On the 23d of November I was in Cooper's-row, Tower-hill. The prisoner passed me with a small box on his shoulder; he asked which way I was going - I made no answer, but a man, who was with me, spoke to him; he went on, across John-street, towards Jewry-street - that is not the way to Cheapside.


                  THOMAS 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on Friday morning, the 24th of November, about eleven o'clock in the morning, in Webb-street, Borough. I told him he must go with me; he asked what for; I said a box from the Custom-house-quay - he said he knew nothing of it.
Prisoner's Defence. The box the witness speaks of, a gentleman gave me to carry from Tower-stairs, as he could not get a coach - he gave me 1s. to carry it to the stand in the Minories.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
