







Middlesex Cases, Fourth Jury,
Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
700. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SHAW
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of January

, 421 combs, value 13l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Daniel 
                  Deacon
               



            ; and 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  MILLS
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving 33 of the said combs, value 20s., well-knowing them to have been stolen
            .
MR. DANIEL DEACON. I am a carrier and inn-keeper
, at the White Horse, Cripplegate



. On the 25th of January a chest was missed from my yard, which had arrived from York the same day. I received information on the 2d of March, and got a search-warrant - I went to the premises of one Cole, in Rosemary-lane, where I found thirty-three dozen of these combs; I then went to the prisoner Mills', in Elder-street, Spitalfields - he is a bonnet-maker; I asked him if he had any combs - he said he had nothing of the kind in the house - we searched the house, and found thirty-three odd combs in his parlour, in a bag, under some pieces of flannel; from there I went, with the officer, to the prisoner Shaw's, and in a room at Mr. Biggs', where he works I found the chest, with part of the direction on it - I could not speak to it, because I had not seen it before.
Cross-examined by Mr. ADOLPHUS. Q. Had you known Mills before? A. No. I do not know whether the combs were by themselves, or with other things; I do not know whether Mills uses flannel in his business; Shaw is in the straw bonnet business; as he wanted to go back for a coat I returned with him, and found the combs. I am answerable for the property.


                  FRANCIS 
                  DUKES
               



            . I am book-keeper to Mr. Deacon. - On the arrival of our waggon, about eleven o'clock, on the 25th of January, a chest was called off to me by the name of Thomas Goodbear, Wellclose-square, which I marked off in the way-bill: I entered it to the delivery man, to take out, but he, having too much to take at once, came back to fetch it, and told me it was gone.


                  LEONARD 
                  BARKER
               



            . I am porter at the yard. About eleven o'clock on the morning of the 25th of January, the York waggon came in; I got on the top of it, and unstrapped it; I saw the box directed for Mr. B. Goodbear, No. 9, Wellclose-square - I put it forward on the waggon - a boy got up, and called it over, and it was put down on the right-hand side of the yard; my mate came to take it about two o'clock, and it was gone.


                  GEORGE 
                  STEWARD
               



            . I am a comb manufacturer. I delivered a chest, containing a parcel of combs, for Mr. Goodbear - I saw it catered in the book, but did not see it put into the waggon; it was to come to Mr. Deacon's yard.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you pack them into that box? A. Yes - they were our manufacture.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth-street. I had a warrant against Cole, who lives in Rosemary-lane, and went there, with Mr. Deacon, about one o'clock on the 2d of March. I found a quantity of combs there; I then got a warrant against Mills; I went there, and his wife called him up - I told him I was an office, and had a warrant to search his house for combs, and I believed he was the man who recommended a person to Mr. Cole, in Rosemary-lane; he said, Yes he was - I asked the name of the person he recommended - he said, Shaw - I asked where he lived - he said he did not know, but Shaw's wife's sister was there at work, and she would tell me; I said I should search his house first; he said, "You may, for I have no combs." I searched the back room, and found nothing there; I then came into the front room, and saw the young woman come down stairs; I left Fortune there, and went with her to Shaw's house; he was not at home; I searched the house, and did not find any thing; I returned back, and asked where he worked - they said, there was a lad there who would tell me, and he took me to a bonnet shop in Bishopsgate-street; the lad went up stairs, and when I heard him coming down I pushed the door open, and went in; I saw Shaw, and said, "I want you;" he said, "What for?" I said I was going to put him into a coach, and I would tell him; I told him it was about some combs - he said, "What, those I found at Cripplegate?" I said, "Where?" - he said, "Near the White Horse;" I said that was near where the robbery was committed; he then said "I did not say I found them there - it was coming from there." I took him to the office.
Cross-examined. Q. You went to Mills' house, and found him at his business? A. Yes. I asked if he had recommended a person to Cole's - he said Yes; I then searched his house - he did not say there had been some combs, but his wife had sold them; all he said was true, except that he said he had no combs, and some were found there. Shaw did not say at what time he found the combs.


                  MOSES 
                  FORTUNE
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth-street. I went with Foster to Mills' house to execute the search-warrant; he left me there while he went to look for Shaw; I said to Mills, "Here is a search-warrant against your house - if you have any combs you may as well give them - it will save us the trouble of looking over your house;" he said he had not. I then asked his wife if they had any, and she said they had not; she appeared rather uneasy, which caused me to keep my eye upon her; I then saw her open a burean three times, and take something out; I said, "What are you moving there?" she said, "Only a little parcel;" I said, "Let me see what that parcel is?" she put it under a black bag, which I moved, and saw three parcels of combs; I then asked if there were any more - she said, if there were they were in the bureau, which I opened, and found more - there were thirty-three in all; I cannot tell how many of them were in the parcels.


                  SAMUEL 
                  BURN
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Biggs, of Bishopsgate-street. Shaw worked for Mr. Biggs, in the room where they say the box was taken.
Cross-examined. Q. How many others worked in that place? A. Four others, but not in that room; it was open, and they had access to it.
COURT to DANIEL DEACON. Q. Where did you find part of the direction? A. In the room where Shaw worked, at Mr. Biggs'; it is a room he has separate for himself.


                  GEORGE 
                  STEWARD
               



            . This direction is my hand-writing; I believe those combs found at Mills' to be our manufacture.
Cross-examined. Q. Is there any mark upon them? A. No; I cannot swear they are those sent to Mr. Goodbear, but I have no hesitation in stating they are our manufacture - they are worth about 1s. each.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLE
               



            . I keep a hardware-shop, in Rosemary-lane. Mills came to me about six weeks ago, and asked if I would buy a quantity of combs - he said he had got some which he had taken for a debt, and if I liked to purchase them he would be able to sell them to me cheap; I told him very well - he said he should not be able to send them that day, but he would send them the next, or the day after; two days afterwards Shaw came to my shop, with a sample of combs, which I took and looked at, and asked the price; I did not buy any at that time, but I did afterwards; I paid Shaw 4s. a dozen for them - these are them - they are worth 6s. or 7s. a dozen one with another; he told me he brought them from Mills, and when I offered him the money he said he should go back and ask Mr. Mills. The price which Mills had asked was 5s. a dozen, and I bid him 4s.; he said I should have them for 4s. 6d. I bought thirty-three dozen - these are the combs - they were found by the officer.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you not known Mills some time? A. Yes, about two years; he did not tell me he knew a person who had a quantity, and he would send him to me; I received them all from Shaw.


                  GEORGE 
                  STEWARD
               



            . I have not a doubt of these combs - they are the same sort as those found at Mills'.


                  SAMUEL 
                  JACOBS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Cole. I was present when Mills came and asked how business was; Mr. Cole said, "Very dull" - he then said, "Can you buy a lot of combs?" he said, "What sort?" he said,"A lot I took for a bed debt, and if I had not taken them I should have had nothing;" he said, "I will bring them down this evening if I can - if not, I shall not be able to come to-morrow, but I will come the day after;" on that day, shaw (who I knew had worked for Mr. Mills) came, and said he had come from Mr. Mills - he brought three dozen of combs - I went and called Mr. Cole from his dinner, and said, there was a man with the combs - he came in and opened them; he asked 5s. a dozen for the large ones, and 4s. for the small ones, but said he should have one with another at 4s. 6d.
COURT. Q. How long ago is this? A. About six weeks.
COURT to DANIEL DEACON. Q. What distance does Shaw work from you? A. About a mile and a half; I have seen him in the yard; he has brought goods from Mr. Biggs. I should have stated that Mills said, after Shaw was found, that there was an account between them, and the combs were taken in that account, but not entered to it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not you say at the office that Mr. Mills had acted very properly? A. No.
SAMUEL JACOBS re-examined. Q. How long have you lived with Mr. Cole? A. Two years. I had seen Shaw employed in carrying bonnets for Mills last summer - he worked for two persons. I was not examined before a Magistrate, nor before the Grand Jury; I was on the business, but I was not sworn. I came to day with Mr. Cole. I saw Mr. Deacon this morning in the street, and I believe the day before yesterday, at his own house. The bill against Cole was thrown out yesterday. I never was at Mr. Deacon's house but once in my life - I was not at the Grand Jury room.
MILLS' Defence. I have nothing to say, but, from the character you will hear of me, and the ignorant part I have acted in this business, I trust you will be induced to grant my acquittal.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  HANDLEY
               



            . I am Shaw's wife's sister. I have been in the employ of Mills three years last January - Shaw was employed by Mills two years ago but he has not since. In the course of last winter I took a dozen combs to Mr. Mills' shop, and told the work people I had them - I sold one to Smith, and one to Jay - my brother at that time owed some money to Mr. Mills, and he had said he intended to stop my wages if it was not paid - it was a balance of 18s. for some cloth; I mentioned it to my sister, and either two dozen and a half, or three dozen of combs were delivered to him in payment of the debt; I think the whole debt was 27s. - it is not necessary in the straw business to use flannel or silk handkerchiefs, but Mr. Mills had taken some for a bad debt in the City; I was at his house when the search was made - he had no claim to the combs, except the two or three dozen he took of my brother.


                  EDWARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I work at the shop with Handley - she brought a dozen combs, which she showed publicly in the shop; I bought one of her on the 14th of February, for which I paid 1s. - I did not know of Mr. Mills having any of them till after his apprehension.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  JAY
               



            . I work at the same place - I saw Handley with some combs - I bought a plain one of her for 10d.
JURY to Mr. STEWARD. Q. Can you state what number of combs were in the box when it came from York? A. More by some dozens then have been produced.
Sixteen witnesses gave Mills a good character.
MILLS - GUILTY. Aged 30.
SHAW - GUILTY. Aged 30.




               Recommended to mercy by the Jury, on account of character
            .





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
