





1405. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  COMBER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of May
, 1 box, value 6d.; 9 shirts, value 45s.; 2 coats, value 7s.; 2 pairs of trousers, value 4s.; 2 pairs of boots, value 4s.; 1 clock, value 13s.; 1 jacket, value 2s.; 1 hat, value 2s., and 1 dressing-case, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Langan
                  




               
            .
MARY ROURK. I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Rourk
               



            . I employed the prisoner, on the 1st of April, to assist in packing some articles in a tea chest; he had worked for me occasionally, for nine years past - I saw all the articles stated in the indictment, put into the box; it was directed to Mr. James Langan, Hibernia-hotel, Dublin - he was the owner of the property; I gave it the prisoner to take to the booking-office, in Regent-street, to go by the steampacket; I desired him to see them booked, and gave him 2s. 2d. to pay the pierage - I told him to bring back a receipt; he went away, and returned in about an hour -I asked for the receipt; he said they gave no receipts at that office, but he saw them booked - I expected a letter or a note to state that they had arrived at their destination; I expressed my uneasiness to the prisoner, who was then at work in my house, at my not bearing; he made no answer. On the 18th of May, I received a letter, stating that the things had not been received - I have since found seven shirts and some other things, which were part of the property.


                  DANIEL 
                  DUTCH
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutor applied for a warrant; I met the prisoner in July, and took him into custody.


                  GEORGE 
                  LAW
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Marylebone. These seven new shirts were pawned with me on the 25th of April, by the prisoner; he came afterwards, and had some more money on them.


                  THOMAS 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Baylis
               



            , a pawnbroker. I have two pairs of trousers and one plaid cloak, pawned by a man, but I did not take them in.
The prisoner pleaded poverty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
