





1256. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GRIFFITHS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of April
, 2 pairs of salt-holders, value 4s.; 3 shifts, value 5s.; 1 chopper, value 1s.; 1 plane, value 18d.; 1 cramp, value 5s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 1 fender, value 18d.; 1 flat iron, value 4d., and 15s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Griffiths
               




            .
THOMAS GRIFFITHS. I live in Whitmore-row, Hoxton


, and am a carpenter
; the prisoner is my son, and worked at a coachmaker's
 - he lived with me when he pleased; he sometimes slept at home when he could not get money to spend - I missed all these articles at the end of March or the beginning of April; I never allowed him to pawn my things.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROOK
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Whitecross-street. I have a shift pawned in the name of John Jones, and believe the prisoner to be the man - here is the affidavit of the duplicate.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am the prisoner's mother. I questioned him about the things - he gave me some of the duplicates, and some I found in his pockets.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a pair of silk stockings pawned in the name of John Jones - I do not know who by, but this is the duplicate I gave.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARCHANT
               



            . I am a pawnbroker and have two shifts pawned for 2s. 6d. - I do not know by whom, but this is the duplicate I gave.


                  JAMES 
                  LEACH
               



            . I have a pair of salts pawned at our shop - here is the duplicate I gave for them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLARK
               



            . I have a cramp and chopper pawned with me, I cannot say who by - here is my duplicate.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I gave my mother the duplicates - my father promised to get them out.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
