






345. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     TAPPS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of December
, 1 basket, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 breast of mutton, value 1s. 3d.; 2lbs. weight of sugar, value 1s., and 2 ozs. weight of tea, value 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Furr
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BRINCHLEY
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. On the 20th of December I was in the Liverpool-road, about twenty minutes before five o'clock in the evening, and saw these two lads there; Taylor crossed from the road into the footpath - I turned, and said to him, "What have you got here?" he said, "Nothing but a breast of mutton, which I have brought from Kingsland, and am going to my father's in White Lion-street;" Thomas, who was with me, said to him, "What has the other boy got?" he said,"Tea and sugar;" we were going along with Taylor, and saw Tapps - I took them both into a baker's-shop: I found these razors on Taylor, this spike-nail, and this bunch of keys; I afterwards found Furr - he is a waggoner
, and when in town lives in Smithfield; he stated that he lost this property in Islington-road


: this tea and sugar was found on Tapps.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I was with Brinchley on the 20th; we saw the two prisoners - they separated: Taylor came on the footpath, rather at the back of us; we went back to him, and he stated what my brother-officer has said - we afterwards took Tapps.


                  THOMAS 
                  FURR
               



            . I am the waggoner of the Peterborough waggon. I was in London on the 20th of December; this basket is mine - this tea and sugar, and these stockings are mine; there was also a piece of mutton: I had tied the basket at the hind-part of my waggon when I was coming up St. John-street, with a thick rope - when I got to Holloway toll-bar I missed it; the rope had been cut.
TAYLOR'S Defence. I was coming from Crouch-end, and picked up the basket as I was passing the Adam and Eve public-house, about a quarter after two o'clock.
TAPPS' Defence. I was with Taylor, and saw the basket lying in the road; we stood some time, but no one came - we asked two or three people if they knew any body who had lost any thing; they said No.
TAYLOR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
TAPPS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
