





588. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     TWYCROSS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of March
, 94 lbs. of roll brass, value 4 l., and forty files, value 12 s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Keats
                  




               
            .
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.


                  EDWARD 
                  KEATS
               



            . I am a watchmaker
 and brass-founder
, in St. John-street


. I missed the property about March last, and employed 
               Ellis
             the watchman. I had reason to suspect one of the boys. I went with Ellis to an old iron shop, kept by the prisoner on Saffron-hill - his name was over the door. Ellis went behind the counter, and handed me up a roll of brass, it weighed about 50 lbs. - and in the parlour another roll was found, about the same weight. It was new brass, and I am certain it is mine - it is worth 1 s. 3 d. per pound. I told him it was mine - he said it was not; that he had bought it of a gentleman who was distressed for money, to make up a bill. He said it was a pity to deprive him of his liberty, and I might take the property back. In consequence of something Ellis asked him if he knew my boy - he said he did not. My boy Warner was there at the time, in custody.
Cross-examined by MR. ANDREWS. Q. Did not the boy say he carried it to the prisoner - A. He said he gave it him in his master's shop.


                  JAMES 
                  ELLIS
               



            . I belong to Bow-street. I was employed by Mr. Keats on the 7th of March, in the morning. I followed Warner from Mr. Keats's to the prisoner house, on Saffron-hill. He had made several halts and turns, and looked round as if he thought he was watched. He turned suddenly back on Saffron-hill, and I went into a house, that he might not suspect me. I lost him for about ten minutes - then saw him come out of the prisoner's house. He went a few doors down the street, into a shoemaker's, and the prisoner followed him - and in a few minutes came out. I saw nothing with him. Next day I followed the boy again, from his master's, about half way down Saffron-hill - I there apprehended him. He had nothing with him. I took him to Mr. Keats. I then went to the prisoner's house, and found two rolls of brass, one in the shop, and the other in the parlour. He said he had bought it of a man like a porter, with a white apron on. I understood him to say he gave 12 1/2 d. per pound for it. When he got to the Office he was shewn to the boy, and asked if he knew him, and if he was the person he bought it of? He said No - it was a man much older, and that he never saw the boy before, and that he did not know the prosecutor or his shop.
Cross-examined. Q. Was Keats present when he said he did not know him - A. He was. I do not believe that he was pointed out to him. He was in the shop, and claimed the brass when I found it.


                  RICHARD 
                  WARNER
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Keats. I lived about two years with him. I first got acquainted with the prisoner about nine months ago - I took him a littlebrass of my own, and sold it to him - he asked how I came by it - I said it was my own - he said I need not mind, for if it was any thing belonging to my master he would buy it of me; he took me into his back parlour and gave me something to drink. I afterwards met him in St. John-street, he took me to a public-house and gave me something to drink again, and said if I would bring any thing belonging to my master he would buy it, and nobody would know any thing of it. I took him three square files, and he bought them.
Q. Do you remember seeing him on the 6th of March - A. Yes, he asked what time my master would be up in the morning, and what time I went into the shop, and if I served in the shop. He came to the shop on the 6th and 7th of March, both mornings, and I delivered him a roll of brass each morning in the shop - he brought a basket; and came to buy a file, and I put the brass into his basket, he told me they weighed 34 lbs. I was to have 4 d. a lb. for it. I saw them afterwards at Bow-street they were the rolls I delivered him; he paid me 2 s. at a time for it. We tossed for gin, and victuals and things together.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been robbing your master - A. Six or eight months. I sold goods to nobody but him - I thought all along it was a shocking thing. I told about it the moment I was taken. Wilson was in the shop on the morning when he came, but did not see it taken. I went to the prisoner's house the same day. I am eighteen years old.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TILSBURY
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live in Saffron-hill. The prisoner and Warner came to my house together, the prisoner had told me he should send a young man to be measured for a pair of shoes, and he would be answerable. I made 
               Warner
             a pair, and he paid for them. I delivered them to the prisoner two or three days before he was taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JAMES WILSON
               



            . I am apprenticed to Mr. Keats, I have served four years. Warner was errand boy, I have seen the prisoner at the shop between seven and eight in the morning, he came in and enquired for the other young lad - we had no other but Warner. I only saw him once, but took particular notice of him - he had a basket between his legs.
Cross-examined. Q. Where did you see him - A. Standing between the counter and the door. I remained in the shop while the prisoner was there, and saw him take nothing.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I am not guilty of the charge.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
