





Before Mr. Justice Park.
1342. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SCURRAH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of August
, a watch, value 25 s., and seventeen sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        Patrick 
                        M'Keevan
                     




                  , from his person
            .
PATRICK M'KEEVAN. I am a journeyman tailor
, and lodge in Queen-street, Golden-square


. The prisoner was errand boy
 at a public-house, and slept in the same bed with me for a week. On Monday, the 17th of August, he got up about five o'clock. I asked why he got up so soon; he said he was not well. I fell asleep again, and awoke about eight o'clock - he was gone. I did not see him again till last Friday, when he was taken. I missed a silver watch, and seventeen sovereigns from my pocket, I had saved it out of my earnings. I worked in Great Portland-street. I gave information, and described him to Ballard, on the morning of the robbery. I have found none of it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALLARD
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough-street. About the 17th or 18th of August, the prosecutor gave me information, and described the person, and last Friday, I found the prisoner in custody, and accosted him by his name - he answered to it. I charged him with robbing a young man who he lived with in Queen-street, Golden-square - he denied it, and said he did not know where Queen-street was. I said
"Queen-street, Golden-square, where you lodged after you left the public-house;" he said he did not know where it was - he had not lodged there. I asked where he went when he left the Coach and Horses, public-house, Dover-street - he mentioned somewhere near Smithfield. I said, I must fetch the young man whom he had robbed, and see if he knew him. I did so, and asked if he still denied living in Queen-street - he did; the prosecutor said instantly, that he was the man who had robbed him; he said he never saw the prosecutor, but afterwards admitted knowing the prosecutor, and having lodged in Queen-street. I searched him, but found nothing.
Prisoner's Defence. I lodged with him for a week, being out of place. On the morning in question, I took what things I could, and left the others to pay the rent. I told the officer, I did not know Queen-street - that I lodged near Golden-square, but did not know the name of the street. I met a man going up stairs as I came out.
GUILTY. Aged 17.
Of 


               stealing, but not from the person
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
