





1299. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BEACON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Francis 
                           Chamberlain
                        




                     
                   on the King's Highway, on the 23d of August
, putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, a watch, value 20 s.; a chain, value 10 s., and a seal, value 10 s.
            , his property.


                  FRANCIS 
                  CHAMBERLAIN
               



            . I am agent to the Chartered Gas Light Company
, and live in Cotton-street, Poplar. On the 23d August, about a quarter to eleven o'clock at night, I had taken a place in the Blackwall-stage, in Leadenhall-street. I put a parcel in, but as it was not going to start immediately, I walked on for it to overtake me: and saw from four to seven men come out of the Cock, public-house, in Leadenhall-street


; four of them came round me, and supposing them rather tipsy, as they reeled towards me, instead of resisting them, I merely threw up my arms merely to keep them away; when the prisoner stepped from the rest, and drew my watch from my fob - he snatched it suddenly; there was no resistance, no force was used. He ran down Cree-church-lane, I followed calling Stop thief! the others put their legs out to prevent my pursuit; every obstacle was thrown in my way, and a very large dog, which must have been set at me, seized me and hung by my legs, for twenty yards, but I kept the prisoner in my sight, and he was taken without my losing sight of him for an instant. I am quite sure he is the man who took the watch - it was found near him.


                  JOHN 
                  BLOW
               



            . I am a watchman of Cree-church. I heard a cry of Stop thief! down the lane, and stopped the prisoner against a wall in Duke's-place - he ran against the wall as we came up to him; the prosecutor immediately said he was the man.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BOUGHTON
               



            . I am a watchman, and was with Blow, and took the prisoner at the corner of Duke-street.


                  ALICE 
                  HARTFIELD
               



            . I picked up the watch in the road in Duke-street, and gave it to the officer at the time of the alarm.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from Bartholomew-fair, heard an alarm, ran, and the gentleman took me. I was rather in liquor.
GUILTY. Aged 18.
Of 


               stealing from the person, but not with force and violence
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
