






692. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     NEWMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PHENIX
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of May
, part of a watch-chain, value 6 d.; one seal, value 18 s., and one key, value 5 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Besley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  BESLEY
               



            . I live in Clerkenwell. I was returning from work on Thursday night, about a quarter past eleven o'clock, and on going through St. John's-lane


 it rained. I had an umbrella up, and saw some men standing at the corner of George-court - I think there were four. When I came within a yard of them the two prisoners came out against me - it was just under a very strong gas-light; I am positive as to their two persons. Newman laid hold of the bottom of my waistcoat, and a the same instant. I felt my watch violently pulled, I put my hand down and laid hold of it - another pull was given, they broke the chain, and got part of it and the seals; they both ran away together. I immediately pursued, and got a head of Newman; he turned back. I rose a cry, and just as I came up with him Phenix passed before us - they were both taken immediately. When Newman was secured I heard something fall, and my chain and seals were picked up.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am a constable of Clerkenwell. I was sent for to the watch-house; the prisoners were brought in with the watch-chain and seals. I found two other seals on Newman and a knife on Phenix.


                  MATHIAS 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I am a watchman. I heard the cry of Stop thief! the prosecutor took Newman and gave him to me. I saw Phenix secured; he said he was coming by, and went to assist the gentleman.
PHENIX'S Defence. I heard the cry, ran up, and was secured.
NEWMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
PHENIX - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Life
            .
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
