





767. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     HILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of March
, fifty pounds of lead, value 9 s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Harrison
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to his dwelling-house
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be fixed to a building of his.
MR. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I have a cottage in Wilsden parish


. On Wednesday, the 10th of March, I missed this lead off the roof; it was safe on Sunday. I saw it at Bow-street; some slips were taken off the roof, and compared with it, it fitted exactly.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURY
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Rocker, plumber, Russell-street. I took off the lead which remained on the roof and matched it with some at Bow-street, it tallied exactly in size and fitted; it had been cut all round.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOUCHER
               



            . I am a patrol. On Saturday night the 13th of March, I saw the prisoner and another man, about a mile and a-half from Mr. Harrison's; the prisoner had some lead in a bag, and the other had some in a basket. I asked what he had got - Hill said he did not know what it was, the other threw down his basket and ran. Hill said he had employed him to carry it - he attempted to escape, but I kept him. I had seen him in company with the same person on Wednesday and Thursday night, with the same basket and bag. I saw the lead compared with the slips. I found a knife in his posession.


                  JOHN 
                  RICHER
               



            . I am patrol, and was with Boucher. I had seen the prisoner and the other man together twice before, loaded in the same way. I followed the other but he got off.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURY
               



            . This knife is made for the purpose of cutting lead.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from Harrow, and met this man, who asked me to carry the bag.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
