





1149. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HOLDER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of August
, 3 l. 4 s. in monies numbered, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Spencer
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .

WILLIAM SPENCER. I am a servant out of place
. On the 1st of August, about half-past twelve o'clock at night, I met the prisoner in Portland-place, I went to her lodgings in George-street, St. Giles


, a woman lit us up stairs; we had some bread, butter, and beer, which I paid 1 s. for, and 2 s. for the lodgings. I had 3 l. in my breeches pocket, which I put under the pillow; I fell asleep, and awoke between six and seven o'clock next morning, and she was gone; I made enquiry in the house, and found her about two o'clock that day, she was taken into custody and pretended that she never saw me before. I had spent the evening with a few servants and was not drunk. I was not perfectly sober, nor was I tipsy. I left my friends about ten minutes past twelve o'clock - I had been to two or three public-houses.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner in Hampshire-hog-yard; I found nothing on her, she denied ever seeing him.


                  JOHN 
                  KENDRICK
               



            . I assisted in taking her in charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I beg to say it is the first time I was ever confined; any one might enter the room we were in, by getting over the partition, or pushing the bolt back; the house bears a most infamous character. I got up in the morning to get some drink, and met an acquaintance who I drank with, and got intoxicated.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First Middlesex Jury, before W. Arabin, Esq.
