



401. 




JAMES COOK
 was indicted

, for feloniously and knowingly sending to 



George Thomas White, Esquire, a letter, threatening to accuse him of a crime punishable by law with death, with intent to extort and gain money from him—2nd COUNT, for delivering a like letter.—2 other COUNTS, calling it a writing instead of a letter,—4 other COUNTS, stating his intention to be to procure an acceptance, by the said 



George Thomas White, of a bill of exchange, to be drawn upon him by the said 



James Cook, for the sum of 50l.—8 other COUNTS, a stating the intent to be, to charge him with a crime punishable by law with transportation.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN HASLET
. I am clerk to Mr. White. I have seen the prisoner at Mr. White's chambers very often for the last two years—in the first instance Mr. White generally saw him, but not latterly—I learned from the prisoner the object of his visits to Mr. White; it was respecting a woman and a child—he said he had done something for Mr. White—he has often said he came for money—I received three letters, one from a boy and two others—this letter came to my hands, it is dated the 31st of December—it must have been then that I received it—I have seen the prisoner write—I believe the whole of this letter(marked A) to be his hand-writing, and the address—it is not the letter named in the indictment—the prisoner came to Mr. White's the day after this letter came, the 1st of January—he brought this letter. (B) delivered it to me, and desired it

to be given to Mr. White—I am sure it is in his hand-writing, the whole of it, and the address—I received this letter(C) from the prisoner on the 2nd of January, and this also(D), I cannot say on what day—it bears no date—it was since the other letters—I could not say that that is the prisoner's writing, it does not appear to me to be like the others.

Prisoner. Q. You tell his Lordship that Mr. White has not seen me latterly, what do you call latterly? A. I should say two months—this letter (D) does not appear like your hand-writing—I am positive as to the others.

Q. You said, I said I had done something for Mr. White? A. You told me you had procured abortion—I cannot say when you told me so, it is within six months—these letters were not enveloped to me—Mr. White was on the Midland circuit—I remember his receiving one letter then, but cannot say I remember two.





SAMUEL STANILAND
. I am an attorney. In the course of last year I was consulted by Mr. White on this matter—I was present, on the 9th of December, at Mr. White's chambers, when the prisoner and his attorney and Mr. White were present—I produces a release that was executed on that occasion, I saw the prisoner sign it, this is it—4l. was given to the prisoner on the execution of that release, and and acceptance of Mr. White's for three months, which is not due yet—the prisoner did not state that he had any other claim on Mr. White—I saw the prisoner again, on the evening of the 11th of December, at my office—He said he came to me as the attorney of Mr. White, and requested me to ask Mr. White to let him have 50l.—he said he had an opportunity of getting in to business in London, and he wanted this sum to buy the fixtures—I told him I was surprised at the request, and refused to be the medium of communicating that to Mr. White—he then asked if I would request Mr. White to give his acceptance for 50l., which I refused to do—he came again the following evening, but I would not suffer him to come into my house—he came again on the 30th of December—he came into my room—I immediately arose from my chair, and said, "I can have no communication at all with you," and made him go out of the house.

Prisoner. Q. Do you remember the day of the week, the 11th of December was on.? A. No, I do not exactly recollect the day, it was between nine and ten o'clock in the evening—you said you had taken a house, and wanted 50l. to buy fixtures—you brought a medical bill—I advised 30l. to be given you, if your release was given.

COURT. Q. Did you understand that an action had been brought against Mr. White? A. Yes, for 60l.

Prisoner. Q. Was it not for medical attendance on that female? A. I don't know—you had a letter when you came on the 30th of December, and said, "Allow me to show you this letter," which you had in your hand—I said, "No, I won't see your letter"—this was about seven or eight o'clock in the evening—the prisoner did not state to whom the letter was addressed—I stopped him from proceeding—I turned him out.

Q. Do you recollect when this release was signed, my applying to Mr. White and yourself, with respect to the arrangement for the support of the child, he first promising 10s. a-week? A. It was arranged that Mr. White should pay 1l. a month—that was on the 9th of December, when the release was given—you did not deliver a message to me on the 30th of December from the party, to request Mr. White to pay her

monthly—I was never at Huish-court in my life—I did not send there to Mrs. Dixon, to prevent her from coming here.





HERBERT JOHN WARD
. I live in Water-street, Bridewell. In December last, the prisoner was treating with me for a house—he referred me to his friend, George White, of Essex-street, a barrister—the fixtures were to be included in the rent—there was a treaty about some furniture which came to 50l.—he first referred me to Mr. White as to his character, and proposed to take this furniture at 50l. and to pay me by an acceptance of Mr. White's to that amount—I objected to make any application to Mr. White—the prisoner was to do so—I called on Mr. White on the 28th in consequence of the prisoner's direction for the acceptance—It was to be drawn by the prisoner—he refused to give it, and stated he had informed Mr. Cook he would not—I wrote to the prisoner on that day, and he came to me the day following.

Prisoner. Q. Did you not have an interview first with Mrs. White? A. No—she came into the room before I left—Mrs. White said, "You will certainly not accept a bill, not recommend that man"—but I should say that Mr. White had declined the acceptance before Mrs. White came into the room.

Q. Did you not tell me, that Mr. White was indisposed when you first called, that there was no fire in the first-floor office, and Mrs. White came and asked you up stairs, and she would introduce you to Mr. White? A. Not one item of what you have stated is true, she did not do so, nor did I tell you so—the servant introduced me up stairs—this is my hand-writing—(read)" 2, Water-street, Bridewell Precinct, December 22nd, 1835. Sir, Mr. Leblanc, who is the superior landlord of the house, No. 2, Tudor-street, has this day made inquiries of Mr. White, and is satisfied with his statement as to your respectability, and I have therefore directed the notice "To let" to be taken down, Mr. Leblanc is going out of town on Thursday, in the middle of the day, it is therefore desirable, with a view to immediate possession, that the agreement with his as to rent, fixtures, &c., is completed at the latest on Thursday morning. If you can come to down to-morrow(Wednesday)I think it will expedite the matter.
"Yours, respectfully. H. J. WARD. "
"Directed to Mr. Cook, Surgeon, Ilford Essex. "

Prisoner. Q. I believe you had twelve months more to expire? A. Yes, I had—I handed your reference to Mr. Leblanc, he being in the profession I thought him more likely to make inquiry—he told me he had made inquiries—I remember your signing a document in Mr. Leblanc's office—I gave possession to Mr. Leblanc—I was not present when possession was given to you—my late brother was a tenant of Mr. Leblanc.—I am his executor—after the reference was stated to be satisfactory I proposed to you to take this furniture.





GEORGE THOMAS WHITE
, Esq. I am a barrister, and live in Essex-street. This letter(A) came to my hands on the 31st of December last, this one (B) on the 1st of January, and this one(C)on the 2nd of January.

Prisoner. Q. Do you remember my applying to you at the latter and of November, 1834, to inform you of the health of a young woman whom you had been cohabiting with, to whom you had administered medicine of a serious description? A. On several occasions I remember your calling on me, you told me you had been to the overseers of the parish of St. Dunstan's, about the woman's child.


COURT. Q. Did he mention her name? A. Yes, Mrs. Cook.

Prisoner. A. Do you remember calling at her lodging at one o'clock the following morning? A. The morning I called at her lodging I think was the latter end of October—I found you, and her, and her child in bed together between one and two o'clock in the morning—I think it was some where out of the York-road—I have never seen it since—you had the appearance of a man coming out of bed—you had your coat and trousers on—I said, "Here is a sovereign for Mrs. Cook"—I went up stairs and saw the lady and her child in bed together, from which you had come shortly before, no doubt—I do not think there was any thing the matter with the woman—I did not give her any medicine—under any pretence—you did not tell me there was a disease in the uterus.

Q. Do you recollect asking me if I would be kind enough to procure a more convenient lodging nearer to you, and if I would let you know where it was you would feel obliged? A. I never said any thing of the kind, I believe you brought the woman to the neighbourhood of my chambers for the purpose of extortion—I did not meet you night after night in the street—I went to meet you one night at the corner of Earl-street, I did not find you there.

Prisoner. I met him every other night, and he handed me from 2 to 3l. a week for the purpose of carrying this poor woman through her abortion.

Witness. It is utterly false—I did not visit her with you in the character of a physician—I do not remember your calling in a Mr. Hart, a surgeon accoucheur—you once sent me a prescription which I could not read, not understanding medicine—I burnt it—I remember on the 1st of last March giving her 7l. 10s. to convey her home to her mother in your presence—I said I would pay 5s. a week for the child, not 10s—I did not advise you to try and get an appointment under Col. Evans, you said you were going to Spain, and I wrote to him—you did not call and say you would go if I would furnish you with the 50l. and the 60l. for the medical bill.

Q. Do you remember accepting a bill for 30l. which not being honoured I was arrested on? A. I do not believe you were arrested—I told the attorney you were not worth arresting—you told me the writ was issued—I remember writing a letter to Mrs. Woodhouse—I promised when the bill was cashed to remit the difference—the document I indorsed was for 22l. 10s. I believe it became due on Saturday—I believe it was presented—a man of the name of Wettenholm came to me to accept for 100l. or 150l. for you, and to take your counter acceptance—of course I refused. I would not have accepted the 50l.

COURT. Q. Had you in point of fact been under any promise or engagement to furnish the prisoner with money to the amount of 50l.? A. I was under no engagement—I had made no promise—I had determined never to do so after the 9th of December—he never had any legal demand against me—I became acquainted with the female by meeting her in the Stand, she was standing looking about—I went to a house of ill-fame with her—I saw her once afterwards.

Prisoner. Q. I believe you stated your circumstances to her, that you were poor, but would introduce your friend, Mr.——, of——, to her, who was very rich, and you did not mind going with a female to whom he had been? A. I never uttered such an expression—I don't know that he was rich.

Prisoner. Do you remember her telling you that she had had a child by

Mr. Cook, the surgeon? A. I don't recollect that, but the name of Cook was mentioned afterwards.

Prisoner. When I returned from the country (I was at Maidstone)—I found the party in question was pregnant—I asked her by whom—she said, "Mr. White, of King's-Bench-walk, Temple"—I requested her to make him acquainted with her situation.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You have stated that this man never had any legal demand on you? A. Never for any purpose whatever, on my solemn Oath—I never had any transaction which could occasion a debt—he has abtained money from me in large sums, and down to a shilling, and once 26l., on an absolute promise that I should never hear any more of him or Mrs. Cook; and in a short time he came, and said he had his pocket picked of the last 7l.—I saw the woman once in the Strand, and once afterwards I did not again till after the circuit, when she came in a state of pregnancy, and said, "You are the father of this child"—I then got Mr. Power to interfere—I asked him whether I had better submit, to avoid publicity.

COURT. Q. Do you happen to know when she was delivered? A. On February the 7th, 1834—I was told so by the prisoner; and before the end of that month I made a contract to pay them 30l.—in that case they should keep the child—I said, "Rather than have the thing made public, or go before the parish officers, I will pay 30l. "—and before I left for the Spring circuit of 1834, I paid the prisoner the balance of the 30l., and he promised I should never hear any thing more of him or the child—In March, 1835, I paid 7l. 10s., on the representation of the woman and the prisoner, that she was to return to her friends at Aylesbury—and that 7l. 10s. was to enable her to do it.

Q. What money in all has the prisoner got from you? A. Not less than 120l. in hard money.

MR. BODKIN
Q. To whom did you pay the 7l. 10s? A. To herself in the prisoner's presence—I was going out of town the same day (the 1st of April), and had another application—shame at the connexion I had with the woman, and, above all, shame at the connexion I had been forced into with this man, occasioned my giving the money.

Prisoner. Q. Do you remember asking me, when it was over, whether I would bring the fœtus to you? A. No—I did not say whether it was a dog or a cat, I did not want to see the little b—.

COURT. Q. Had you any connexion with the female after the birth of that child, in February, 1834? A. No—I had not.

Prisoner. Q. Had you not two days before taken her to No. 56, Shoe-lane, and said, "Say you have been out for a pound of candles"—and did you not, after the abortion, take her about in a coach? A. I had nothing to do with the child she was bearing, when you said she had an abortion—I have not said I had no connexion with her after the birth of the first child—I went to 36, Shoe-lane, and had no connexion with her—I did not go there two or three times—I don't recollect what I gave her—I think it was a sovereign—I don't recollect telling her to pay for the room out of it—I did not tell Mr. Staniland that I was the father of the first child—I offered the 5s. a week as the price of peace—I did not say I would give 50l. independent of the medical bill.





EDWARD FLETCHER
. I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody on this charge in the street—I accosted him, and said, "How do you do, Mr. Cook? "he said, "My name is not Cook; my name is Humphrey"—I said, "Never mind, you are the man I want"—I took him into custody.

(The letters were here put in and read.)
(Letter A.) Addressed to "G. S. White, Esq., No. 39, Essex-street, strand"—"Sir, I have a great right to express my surprise at you conduct, after the statement made to you by Mr. Ward. If you had not felt disposed to assist me, you need not have given Mr. W. your attorney's address. It appears I am to fall, for want of a proper reference, which you engaged to do, and which you have not done. I can only observe, in the event of my falling, you must also. It is true that, as regards my claim for debt, I might have had it settled, and a release signed in the presence of your solicitor as well as mine; but, as regards the criminality, for the benefit of the community, I fell compelled to bring it forward; and I do not hesitate to assert, that my respectability will stand equal with yours. I will leave you to your own conclusions, without expressing any thing until I receive your answer. I remain, Sir, your most obedient servant, "JAMES COOK".
(Letter B.) To, "Mr. White, 39, Essex-street, Strand, January 1st, 1836".—"I this day gave notice to Sir F. Roe, of a circumstance of a very serious nature, which has preyed so strongly on my mind, that I am determined to bring it before the public. G. T. White, Esq., special pleader, 39, Essex-street, Strand, employed me to procure abortion, he, G. T. White's remedies having failed, introduced a probe into the uterus of a girl, and G. T. White attended her with me in the character of a physician, The girl's health is ruined in consequence. My address is, Mr. Cook, surgeon, Ilford, Essex. "
"29, John-street, Holland-street, Blackfriars".
"Mr. White, Sir, If you wish to save your neck, you must and shall comply with my request, as I am determined to hand over to justice the copy of what I have written; I will teach you to give me a reference and then retract, and forfeit your word. I will cure you of your obstinate fit, you will then know whether you should take your own, or your wife's advice. I am Sir, your humble servant, JAMES COOK. "
(Letter C.) "Sir, Before I proceed further in the unfortunate affair, I have one request to make; will you give me your acceptance for 50l. at three months. I will take it up when due, and you shall never have cause to repent; If not things must now take their course. I went yesterday to Mr. Vickery, who declines acting, in consequence of being acquainted with you. I have been this morning to Fitzpatrick, in Clement's Inn, who is not aware of my writing to you; his advice it, to let the girl apply for a summons for an assault of a peculiar nature, your answer to this will decide.
"2nd of January, 1836". Yours, &c. J. COOK".
(Letter D.) "Sir I beg to remind you of the bill, which you were kind enough to endorse for me to Mrs. Woodhouse becomes due on the 30th of this month, which I hope for her sake, it will be honoured; at the some time return thanks to you, for your kindness in putting me under the care of the governor of Newgate, but however, must beg the loan of a sovereign, which I will repay you the first convenient opportunity; thanking you for all favours, particularly the last. I remain yours faithfully, "JAMES COOK, Surgeon, Newgate, late of Ilford. "
(The release was here put in, and read, dated the 9th of December, 1835)

Prisoner Defence I will prove by a witness (a respectable female) that I had the promise held out by Mr. White a long time before to give me 50l. the reason I did not mention it at the time of the release was, that

it was a confidential communication—I can bring those witnesses forward which I consider essential to me, and must abide by my Lord's and your decision.





SARAH HARRIS
 I am sister to Mrs. Woodhouse, with whom the prisoner was connected. I came to London with the prisoner, and remember going to Mr. White's chambers in Grange-walk, for the endorsement and acceptance of a bill for 22l. 10s.—it was the latter end of September—I saw him write, but not on that occasion—I remember the prisoner being about to enter into business with my sister, and 40l. or 50l. was wanted—Mr. White said he would pay the money—that was at the latter end of Sepetember—he promised to pay 40l. or 50l. to my sister, Mrs. Woodhouse—he wrote a letter to that effect, which was returned, and she declined accepting the offer.





ELIZABETH ADNUM
. I first became acquainted with Mr. White my meeting him in the Strand, near Somerset House—I was just returning from Kennington, where I had left my little girl, which Mr. Cook is the father of, in care of an aunt of mine—he asked me where I lived—I did not give my address—he asked me to go and take some refreshment with him—I went with him, and took wine and gin, and remained, till near two o'clock in the morning—he told me that he was married and gave me his address, No. 9, Buckingham-street, Stand; and likewise his chambers.

Prisoner. Q. Was I in town when you first saw him? A. No—it was the latter end of May or the beginning of June—I saw him the next evening about nine o'clock, and was with him till the same time, about two o'clock—he wished me to leave you, to leave my friend, as he was poor, and to have himself and his friend—I took a letter to Mr. Carvill, the overseer—Mr. White visited me in the character of physician—he wished to do that to take off suspicion—he used to send me from 2l. 10s. to 3l. a week for my maintenance—he has given me 2l. himself—after I recovered my health I went with him again—he took me in a coach.

COURT. Q. Is it correct that you had one child of which the prisoner is the father? A. Yes—a little girl—I miscarried with another child last November twelve months—I had another previous to that—a little boy, who is now living—the miscarriage was after that—I was between four and five months gone at that time—I did not live with the prisoner for some time—not till November, 1834—I was living with him, when he was in town, unknown to Mr. White—I have gone by the name of Mrs. Cook at times—I do not go by that name where I am now lodging—I occasionally go by the name of Mrs. Cook—I came up from Aylesbury with the prisoner—I lived with him till my little girl was four months old—I was then living at No. 6, New Church-court, Strand.





MARY DIXON
. The last witness lodged at my house—I never saw Mr. White.

COURT. Q. Did Mr. White call at any time to your knowledge? A. I never saw him in my life—I only saw an account of a bill which was to be charged—I heard his name.

Prisoner. Q. You saw the child after it was born? A. Yes—it was quite wasted—I should think it had been dead a month before it was born.

COURT. Q. What date was this? A. December, 1834—I should think it was about a four months child—I cannot say whether the woman was quick with child it was a very small child—the mother told me she had slipped down stairs and hurt her back, and she was ill from that time.


Prisoner. I had been a medical practitioner for 15 years in one town, but business failed, and I took a stituation at Aylesbury as an assistant—I became acquainted with this female, and when she became pregment, I took her to town rather than be exposed.




GUILTY on the last eight counts. Aged 41.—


Transported for Life.
