




1749. 




GEORGE MANSFIELD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of May, 1 plate-box, value 1l.; 48 forks, value 52l.; 60 spoons, value 56l.; 1 fish-slice, value 1l.; 1 butter-knife, value 10s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s.; 1 sugar-ladle, value 10s.; 4 labels, value 25s.; 1 pair of asparagus tongs, value 17s.; 1 pair of scissors, value 1l.; 3 ladles, value 3l. 5s.; 12 knives, value 3l. 10s.; 12 forks, value 3l.; and 1 pair of nut-crackers, value 10s.; the goods of 



Henry William White, in a certain vessel, on the navigable 
river Thames
.





HENRY WILLIAM WHITE
. I live in Ross-shire. On the 22nd May I embarked with my family on board the Clarence steam-boat, at Black-wall, on the Thames—I saw my plate-chest put on board—I told my servant to take care of it—I do not know what the prisoner was—when I arrived at Edinburgh I missed the plate-chest—it contained dinner-forks, spoons, and all the articles stated—they were worth 130l.

Prisoner. Q. What time was the plate packed up to be put in the coach to be conveyed on board? A. I believe, the middle of the day—I saw it on board the steam-boat all safe.





WILLIAM STOCKER
. I am butler to Mr. White. On the morning of the 22nd of May I packed up the plate, and put it into the coach—I did not go to Black wall with it—on the same evening I went to Black wall with one of the maid-servants; and after that, as I was coming home, I was overtaken by an omnibus—I came to town by it—I observed on the top of the roof the same box of plate that I had packed to go to Edinburgh, with my master's name on it on a brass plate—I inquired of the coachman about it—I got inside, and found the prisoner there—I asked him if he could tell me where he got it, and be refused to tell me, or where he was going to take it—I asked whose it was—he said it was his, and refused to tell me where he got it, but said if I took him to the station-house he would explain—I went on to the Royal Exchange—I saw a policeman there, and gave the prisoner in charge—I took him to the station-house—he then said he picked up the box on the road.





THOMAS BENNETT
. On the evening of the 22nd of May I had an omnibus at the Rising Sun, Poplar, about a quarter of a mile from Black wall—the prisoner came to me there with this box—he asked if I was going to town—I told him yes—he got in—I asked him if I should put the box outside—he gave it to me—I put it outside—I overtook the last witness walking—he got up outside—in consequence of his inquiries he got in, and gave the prisoner into custody.

Prisoner, Q. I did not request you to make any concealment of the box? A. No.

Re-examined by
MR. WHITE. Q. This box contains all the things? A. Yes—all quite safe—the box was found locked, and broken open at the station-house—the steamer was at the Brunswick wharf, Blackwall, and was moored in the Thames.
(The prisoner in his defence, read a long address to the Court, stating that he had been with a friend to Greenwich, and on his return he crossed the water to Blackwall; that on his way to town he found the box concealed in a gateway, and finding no address on it he had taken it up to bring it to town—that he had placed it on the top of the omnibus, without attempting to conceal it—and when he was asked by the witness he immediately said it was in his possession—and when he was taken into custody he stated the manner in which he became possessed of it.)




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
(The officer stated that two other portmanteaus had been found at the

prisoner's lodgings, and that he that morning found the owner of one of them, who had lost it from a steam-boat.)
