



425. 




JAMES SMITH
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 22nd of December, 14lbs. weight of coffee, value 1l. 4s., the goods of 



William Terry.






THOMAS AGGISS
. I am in the employ of William Terry, a grocer. About eight o'clock on the evening of the 22nd of December I was out with a track, containing a number of parcels of grocery, amongst which was one of 141bs. weight of coffee, which was to go to Margaret-street, Wilmingtonsquare—I left my truck in Kingsland-road, to get some refreshment, having been very busily employed since five o'clock in the morning, and asked Bartlett to give an eye to it—I returned in three minutes, and found the coffee gone—it was afterwards found in the tail of a wagon about three yards from the truck—this is the parcel-(looking at it)—it is my master's property—I was directed where to find it by a young man who assisted in taking the prisoner.






PRISCILLA SARAH BARTLETT
. I keep a stall in Kingsland-road. Aggiss asked me to give an eye to his truck while he went in to get something—I did so, and saw the prisoner lean over the front of the truck and take the parcel out—I said, "Holloa, young fellow," and ran after him—he had not got above four yards with the parcel—there was a wagon dose by, and whether he put it there I cannot say, but he parted with it when I called out, and it was afterwards found in the tail of the wagon—I caught him, and hustled with him for about ten minutes—I have got black and blue legs where he kicked me, trying to get away, and he tried to wrench my thumb round—he said if I would let him go he would walk quietly to the station-house—I said I would not till some one came up to my assistance—there were two more boys with him about his own age, and a woman—I gave him into Aggiss's hands—I dare say he ran nearly two hundred yards before I got up to him—he first told the carter he had not seen the parcel, then that he had not stolen it, then that he had seen a boy throw it into the alms-house—and then he said he would really tell the truth, that it was in the wagon, where it was found.





RICHARD ANDREWS
 (police-constable N 58.) The prisoner was given into my custody—I asked him what made him steal the coffee—he said he did not steal it, another boy stole it, and threw it into the alms-house—about five minutes after I asked him again what made him steal the coffee—he said another stole it and threw it into the wagon, where it was found.

Prisoner's Defence, I saw a boy take it, and throw it into the wagon.




GUILTY
.* Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
