





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
1217. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BARTLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of May
, 1 watch, value 12l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Susannah 
                           Dwerrihouse
                        




                     
                   and other, in their dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HENDERSON
               



            . I am clerk to Susannah Dwerri-house and Co., watch-maker
, Davis-street, Berkeleysquare


. On Thursday evening, the 12th of May, between five and six o'clock, the prisoner came into the shop, and presented a paper - I asked him what it was, if it was a petition; he would not answer, but requested me to look at it - I returned it to him: he still requested I would open it, which I did, and seeing it was a petition craving charity, I returned it to him, and he left the shop - he had not left more than a second before I missed a gold watch off the counter, which I had packed up to send to a customer; I sent a workman and the porter in search of him: they did not find him, but I met him the following morning, about twelve o'clock, on Westminster-bridge, and had him apprehended by a Policeman - I am certain he is the man.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you live in the house? A. No; Mr. Ogsden, one of the firm, occupies the whole house, except the shop.


                  JAMES 
                  OGSDEN
               



            . I am one of the firm of 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Dwerrihouse
               



             and Co. - we have one other partner; I live in the house - Mrs. Dwerrihouse lives in Edgware-road. -After the prisoner was apprehended I went to a place supposed to be his lodging, and from what I heard there, we went to a pawnbroker's over Westminster-bridge, and there saw a gold watch, which is ours.
Cross-examined. Q. You occupy the dwelling part of the house yourself? A. Yes, I pay Mrs. Dwerrihouse rent for it - she has not lived there these two years.


                  GEORGE 
                  RODOLPH
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Hobbs, a pawnbroker, of Richard-street, Westminster-bridge-road. On the 13th of May the prisoner pawned this gold watch with me for 3l. - it is worth 70s.; I can sell some gold watches for 30s. - I am quite sure the prisoner is the person who pawned it.
Cross-examined. Q. You had never seen him before? A. I had not.


                  HENRY 
                  MARSH
               



            . I am in the prosecutors' employ. I was in the shop when the prisoner came in with a petition, and am certain he is the man.
MR. OGSDEN. I know this watch quite well - it was in our possession the day the prisoner came; it is worth about 5l., but the nominal value I cannot tell.

Cross-examined. Q.Why do you charge it 12l.? A. Because many years ago, when I sold it, I charged that for it.


                  JOHN 
                  HENDERSON
               



            . This is the watch I packed up.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
