



1230. 




FREDERICK GLADMAN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
13th of March, 1 fowl, value 2s., the goods of 



James Holt; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JAKES HOLT
. I lire at Hanwell. I had forty-eight fowls last summer, and have had fourteen or fifteen stolen—my fowls were all right, at ten o'clock, on the 13th of March, and the next morning I missed two—the one now produced is one of them.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was it alive? A. Yes, when it was in my yard—it is dead now—I know it by the light brown feathers in the breast, and by the white feathers in the wing, also by its having five claws on the left foot, and four on the other—I observed that the moment it was hatched—the officer did not mention it to me—I saw all my fowls safe on the Wednesday morning—I had not noticed this one particularly, but I know I had my number, and this one was there—I should have known very well if a strange one had been there—I had ten hens, and one cock loose, and three fowls were shut up to fatten—I am sure this fowl had not got away before.

COURT. Q. Where were they? A. In the yard—they might go into the field, but I never saw them in the street, without they were driven there.





WILLIAM CHILTON
. I am a butcher, and live at Hanwell. About twelve o'clock, on the 13th of March, I was in my pig-sty, and saw the prisoner come up the lane, with something under his round frock—he came and tried my gate—he did not see me—I was just going to tell him the gate was locked, and to go round, but before I could speak, this bag was thrown over the gate into my yard, and he walked back—I got out of the pig-sty, and went to the bag—I put my hand in it and felt the feathers—I opened the bag and found this fowl—I put it in the bag again, and took it in doors—in about five minutes the prisoner came and looked over the gate after the bag—he then looked over the pig-sty, then came and knocked at my door, and asked me if I had picked any thing up, I said, I had—he said, "Give it to me"—I said, "I shall not, many

people have lost fowls, and I shall keep it"—he said, "Did you see who threw it over the gate?"—I said, "I can give a pretty good guess'—he then went away—the fowl was dead, but warm—I went to the prosecutor, and found it was his.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known the prisoner before? A. Yes, for about two years—my premises are about one hundred yards from the prosecutor's, on the opposite side of the road—I know where he keeps his fowls—it is not necessary to get over any wall to get at them.





JOSEPH SPILLMAN
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner—I found a quantity of feathers in a box in his house, under another box.





JOHN LOVICK
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—he is the man who "was tried and convicted—(read.) 


GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
