



1703. 




WILLIAM SCOTT
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
4th of July, I bag, value 2d.; 5 sovereigns, 1 crown, 2 half-crowns, 7 shillings, and 1 sixpence; the goods and monies of 



Jonathan Gardener.






JONATHAN GARDENER
. I live at Denbigh-hall, Buckinghamshire. I came up to town by the rail-road—on the 4th of July, about twelve or one o'clock at night I was going down Stephen-street, and I saw a young woman Standing at a door—I told her I would give her half-a-crown for half a bed—we agreed, and went into the room—I putted my purse out of my pocket, and gave her half-a-crown—my purse contained five sovereigns and 16s. or 17s., among which was a crown and two hair-crowns—I undressed and went to bed—I asked her if she was coming—he said no, I had only agreed for the bed—I said she might stop away if she liked, and I dropped off to sleep—about half-past three o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came into the room—that awoke mo—he asked me what business had there with his wife—I said I did not know she was his wife—she said she had no husband—the woman was then sitting on the bed, she had not come to bed—the prisoner went and gave her a kick, and said, "D—you, I will kill you both"—he then came and searched toy trowsers, but he could find nothing there, as I had put my purse between the bed and the mattress—I got up, and got all my things on except my shoes—I went to take my purse from under the bed, but the prisoner rushed, took it from rat, and ran out of the back door, and over the wall—I ran out to call the policeman, and saw the prisoner run out of another house two or three doors off—I ran and called "Stop thief"—he was chased so close, that he ran back to his own room again.





CORNELIUS LOVEGROVE
 (police-constable D 159,) I heard the cry, and saw the prisoner running, pursued by the prosecutor, who had no shoes on—the prosecutor said he had been robbed of upwards of 5l.—the prisoner ran into No. 21, Stephen-street, which was the place he had ran from—when I got into the parlour I saw him in custody of my brother constable—the prosecutor was, lilting up the head of the bed to ate if his money

was there—I took up the bottom of the bed and found the money strewed about—no purse was found.





GEORGE HEALEY
 (police-constable D 42.) I pursued the prisoner closely into the front parlour of No. 21, Stephen-street—just as I got in, he turned round from the part of the bed where the money was found—I asked him what he had been running away for—he said the man had struck him—I searched him and found two knives, and a bag which it not the prosecutor's—the prosecutor gave him in charge for stealing five sovereiges and 16s. or 17s.

Prisoner's Defence. I went into my room and asked what business he had there—he said he had paid for the bed—I am not guilty.




GUILTY
†. Aged 17—


Transported for Seven Yeas.
