





85. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing. on the 1st of November
, 3 printed books, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Noble
               




            .


                  ADAM 
                  LOCBER
               



            . I live in Crombie's-row, Commercial-road


, next door to the prosecutor's. On the 1st of November I saw the prisoner go to a stall outside the prosecutor's shop - he took up three books from the stall; he put them under his apron - he walked rather slowly past my window; I pursued him - I called Stop thief! and then he ran as far as Cottage-lane and threw down the books - he went down the lane, and was brought back directly; I am sure he is the same person - he first said he was not the person, and then wanted to go on his knees and beg pardon of Mrs. Noble, and said he would do so no more.


                  JOHN 
                  CHADNEY
               



            . I keep a ham and beef shop, at the corner of Cottage-lane. I heard the cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner run by - he got six or seven yards from me, and threw down three books, which I took up; he ran out of my sight, but was brought back, and I am sure he is the same person.


                  THEOPHILUS 
                  NOBLE
               



            . I received these books from Mr. Chadney; I gave them to the officer - they are Mr. John Noble's.


                  JAMES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I took the prisoner; I went with him to the prosecutor's shop - on the way to the watch-house he asked what I thought could be done; I said it depended on the evidence - he said nobody saw him take the books, but he supposed he should be committed.


                  JOHN 
                  NOBLE
               



            . I keep the shop in Crombie's-row -these are my books; I had put them out, but I was in the City at the time.
Prisoner. I was in distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
