




2434. 




ROBERT BIRD
 and 




ROBERT GREENWOOD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
22nd of October, at 

St. Mary, Newington, 1 mare, price 50l., the property of 



John Campbell.






WILLIAM HENNINGHAM
. I am a policeman. On Sunday morning, the

22nd of October, I saw the prisoners High-street, Newington—Green-wood was riding a mare—the other prisoner was walking on the footpath close by, dressed in a smock-frock—it was a dark-grey mare which has since been claimed by the prosecutor—the prisoners were in company—I stopped Green ward and asked Where he came from—he said, "From the White Hart Inn, Lewes, in Sussex"—I asked him what time he started from Lewes—he said at half-past five o'clock in the morning—it was then twenty minutes after ten o'clock—I told him he had, made more haste than a four-horse coach could come—he said he had led the horse part of the way and rode it the other part, and was going to take it to Thetford, had employed him—Bird had got on a little way—I called him, and said, "What part have you come from with this mare?—he said, "From Godstone"—I then took them both into custody on suspicion of stealing the mare, as their stones did not agree—the mare did not appear at all exhausted—when I went to take a description of Bird's person, Greenwood came out and when he was going back to be locked up, he said he wished to speak to me, that he wanted to tell me all about it—I said what he told me would be given in evidence before the Magistrate—he said, at half-past five o'clock in the morning he stood by while Bird went into the field and took the mare out of the field of Colonel Campbell, at Bletchingly, in Surrey





MICHAEL CHARLTON
. I am steward to Colonel John Campbell, who lives at Bletchingly, in Surrey. I have seen the grey mare which was detained by Henningham—it belongs to my master, and was missed on Sunday morning, the 22nd, about six o'clock—the field was well fenced round, and the gate fastened with a rope, which I found untied, and the gate a little open—I know nothing of the prisoners—the field is about a quarter of a mile from the high-road—there is a bye-road to it.





WILLIAM HENNINGHAM

re-examined. I was present before the Magistrate—I did not see what the clerk wrote down—I saw Greenwood sign his name to the statement—,(looking at it)—this is his signature, and this is Birds mark—I saw him make it—it was read over to them before they signed it—(read)—"Both prisoners say, we were together when we took the mare from Captain Campbell's field."

BIRD—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

GREENWOOD—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.




Transported for Fifteen Yean.
