




2452. 




JOHN REILLEY
 and 




MARY ANN REILLEY
 were indicted 

for a robbery on 



William Hardy, on the 
7th of September, and taking from his person and against his will, 1 rule, value 1s.; and 4 shillings, his goods and monies.






WILLIAM HARDY
. I am a carpenter, and live in Henrietta-street, Hackney-road. On Saturday, the 7th of September, I was in Old-street-road, about twelve o'clock at night, and going towards the London Apprentice to buy a pie, I saw the female prisoner—I did not know her before—she said, "Where are you going, my dear?"—I said, "I am going home" she said I had better accompany her home, and took hold of my arm—we proceeded towards Storeditch church, and turned into a street at the back of the church—she took me to a house there—she opened the door herself, and went up stairs to get a light—I staid below—she returned with a light in three or four minutes—I then proceed up stairs into a back-room on the first-floor, and saw a man going up the second flight of stairs as I went into the room—I had not seen that man before—I went into the back town—there was a bed there—when I got in she asked me what I was going to give her—I said, 2s.—she replied, "You have more "money than that," and attempted to ink my money in the pocket—she thrust her hand in, and took out 4s.—I got hold of her hand to get it from her, and she immediately called out, "Jack"—I heard a footstep coming, and flew to the door and bolted it—the male prisoner constantly burst it open, and seized me—I tried to rescue myself from his old, and seized him by the neck handkerchief, threw him down, and called out for the assistance of the police—the female prisoner then took

up the poker, and swore she would beat my brains out if I did not let go—I still kept my hold—the female struck me several violent blows with the poker, one on my arm and on my back, and swore she would rip my "b guts" open with a knife—I was endeavouring to get out of the room—I called for my hat several times, and at last saw it under the bed—I left my hold of the male prisoner to get it—I seized it, and was about escaping out of the room, when the male prisoner gave me a violent kick on the ribs, and said, "Take that, you b, I will do for you before I have done with you"—I proceeded into the street and called for the police—I had a rule in my pocket when I went in, and it was gone when I came out—I cannot say they took it—I met a policeman by the Bird Cage public-house, and told him what had happened—he went back with me to the house—there was a light in the back room, and immediately the policeman knocked at the door the light was put out—I assisted one of the policemen to get up to the back window—the street-door was at last opened, and the two policemen and myself went up stairs—the male prisoner opened the door—he was undressed, and in his shirt—the female prisoner was in bed in the room I had been in—I identified them, and gave them into custody—I was rather behind the policemen when they entered the room, and did not hear what they said at first—I heard the woman say she had been in bed since nine o'clock—I was hurt in my face, bad a bruise on my arm, and another on my ribs.

John Reilley. Q. Can you swear you saw me go up stairs? A. I saw a person going up, and I can swear you afterwards came down into the room when Jack was called.





THOMAS BURCHAM
 (police-constable H 33.) On Saturday night, a Sunday morning, between twelve and one o'clock, I was in Bird Cages-walk, and saw the prosecutor coming along, holding his arm, and complaining of it very much—he made a complaint to me, in consequence of which I got another officer, and we proceeded to the house, in Nichol-street, which he showed us-we went to the back of the house, and then was a light burning in the first floor room—I went to the door, and knocked more than once, but no answer was given-we assisted my brother officer on to the wall, and he knocked at the window with his staff—the female called out, "Who is there?" and in about five minutes the male prisoner came down and let us in—he was undressed—he said, "What do you want?"—I said "I want you and the woman up stairs"—the female prisoner said, "I suppose it is about that b row we had with that man just now"—the prosecutor identified them both as the persons who had ill-used him, before we got a light, by their voices-we followed the man up stain, and the female was sitting up in bed—the male prisoner said, "Any b----man would burst a door open to protect his wife"—I asked what money they had about them—the man said he might have 5s. or 6s., he did not know—could I found 5s. on him, but nothing on the female-we searched the place, but not find the rule—I have known the female prisoner as a prostitute for the last six months.

Mary Ann Reilley. Q. How can you prove have seen you with different men—I am positive you walk the streets.





WILLIAM FLAXMAN
. I am a policeman. I was with Burcham when he went to the house—I rapped at the window with my staff and at last the male prisoner came down and let us in.

Mary Ann Reilley. Q. How can you prove me a prostitute? A. with different men—I am positive you walk the streets.





WILLIAM FLAXMAN
. I am a Policeman. I was with Burcham when to the house—I rapped at the window with my staff, and at last the male prisoner came down and let us in.






WILLIAM SAUNDERS
. I am a policeman. I have known the female prisoner very well as a common prostitute about the City-road and Old-street, for two years.

Mary Ann Reilley's Defence. (Written.) "I was in bed when the man came into my chamber, who I thought was my husband—he bolted the door—I demanded who it was—he said, "I have 2s."—I told him to be off, I wanted neither him nor his money, and said I expected my husband every minute, as I thought he might go away—he appeared very tipsy—my husband came in shortly after, and told me to open the door—the man stood with his back against it, and would not let me open it—my husband burst it open, and the man hit him a violent blow—he went own stairs, fetched a policeman, and told him I had robbed him of 4s. and a rule—I had no money—my husband had 5s., which he had just received for his labour—the policeman swears falsely that I am well known—I consider my husband was justified in defending his wife, the man being the first aggressor,"

John Reilley's Defence. It was nine o'clock at night when I arrived in London, by Pickford's boat-as I came up stairs, I heard a row in the room—this man and my wife were in the room—I said, "Who have you got here?"—she said, "A man wants* * * *"—I said, "Open the door"—they would not—I burst it open, and he struck me, and knocked me against the cupboard—I got up—he asked for his hat, and away he ran, brought in the policeman, and said we had robbed him—I hid 5s. wages, which I had to leave with her, as I was going to Manchester next morning.

M. A. REILLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.

JOHN REILLEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.
Of stealing from the person.




Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

