



721. 




JOSEPH SPRINGAY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
30th of January, 1 iron cart, value 12s.; 1 cart wheel, value 8s.; 1 axletree, value 8s.; 1 pair of springs, value 12s.; 112lbs. weight of iron, value 3s.; 1 weighing machine, value 15s.; 3 cart-wheel boxes, value 6s.; and 3 iron weights, value 12s.; the goods of 



Charles Currell.






CHARLES CURRELL
. I live in Haggerstone-lane, Hackney-road. This iron work was a cart that had been broken up—I kept it in the shed, at the back of my premises—I lost the arms on the 30th of January—the wheel had been gone before—I found it at an iron shop in Skinner-street—the prisoner is a perfect stranger to me—there was a pad-lock to the shed door.





ELIZABETH CURRELL
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I say the prisoner on our premises on the 28th of January, in the shed—a person came and gave me information, and I went and asked what he did there—he said be wanted a night's lodging—I told him to go away, and he did—he was in the shed looking about.





SUSAN WICKS
. My window looks into the prosecutor's yard—I saw the prisoner break the padlock off the shed-Door with a piece of iron—I then went and told Mrs. Currell—I saw him go into the shed and bring a piece of iron out, and as I came back I met him with a piece of iron on his shoulder.





WILLIAM DRAPER
. I live in Barnet-street, Bethnal-green. I bought this iron arm of the prisoner—I asked if it was his property—he said it was, and it was of no use to him, it had been lying about above twelve months—he gave me a false name and address.
(Property produced and sworn to.)





JOSEPH PAYNE
. I am a general dealer. I bought a cart wheel of Parkes, which the prosecutor has claimed.





JAMES PARKES
. I bought the wheel of the prisoner—he said he had got an old wheel to sell, and wanted to know if any body would buy it—he did not ask me about it at first, but several people about called me in, and I bought it of him—from what I saw he appeared to have all his senses about him.






CLEMENT CATLIN
. I apprehended the prisoner—he denied having been near the premises at all—he appeared quite sensible.
(Witness for the Defence.)





SPRING AY
. I am the prisoner's mother. He was brought here two years ago, and was brought in "Not Guilty," on account of insanity, and was sent to a lunatic asylum—I have nine children, and it is out of my power to support him—he was kept here twelve months, and was sent from here to the parish to be taken care of—they kept him about two months, and then sent him home—we always supported him—he slept next door to me, not having room for him—I am afraid of my life now from his conduct—he threatens that he will make us suffer for all—sometimes he will go a week round and not speak to any of us—when asked if he wants more victuals, he will say, "Yes if you please," but that is all—at other times he will swear and use very indecent expressions indeed, not fit for the family—he has done nothing for his living—he was kept nine months in the lunatic ward in the workhouse before he was tried here, and when he came out he snatched a coat from a pawnbroker's shop in Shoreditch.

MR. M'MURDO. I am surgeon of the gaol. I have seen the prisoner as I have seen other prisoners—I have had no facts put before me to lead me to suppose him insane, nor has my attention been at all drawn to the circumstance.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.

