





710. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     ABRAHAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of March
, 1 coat, value 6l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George Richard 
                     Phillips
                  



               
            , Esq
.
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Higgins
                  



               
            .
THOMAS HIGGINS. I am coachman
 to 
               
                  George 
                  Richard Phillips
               



             - he lives at No. 12, Hill-street, Berkeley-square


. I left this coat on the carriage-box, in the coach-house, and the door locked, at half past eleven o'clock, on the night of the 23rd of March - I returned about half-past six in the morning; the coat was gone, and a whip - the prisoner had assisted me, and, as he did not call that morning as usual, I had some suspicion, and went to a house where I saw him intoxicated; I went out, and spoke to a Policeman; the prisoner came out of the house- he looked agitated, and went in again; he then came out, walked off for some distance, and then began to run - the Policeman went and took him; he could not be examined that day, being intoxicated, but was the next day - he said he knew nothing of it; he spoke to me, and asked to give him something to eat and drink, but I said I could not, as he had robbed me.
Prisoner. Q. Did any person sleep in the stable that night? A. Not to my knowledge - when I have gone home late, a man who regularly helps me has slept there, as he could not get into his lodging, but he was not there that night; he has a key of the door as well as myself.
Prisoner. He generally lets people sleep there, and the officer knows that I was knocking to get in; I had slept there the night before.


                  HENRY 
                  HART
               



            . I was near my shop on the 24th of March - a neighbour of mine recommended the prisoner to me, who wanted to exchange a box-coat for some clothes; I looked at it, and found it had no buttons on it, but was nearly a new one - I had some suspicion, and said, "Is this your coat?" he said Yes; I said, "What has become of the buttons?" he said, "My master told me if I gave them to him I might have the coat" - I saw something in his mouth; I asked him if he had a button - he said Yes, and gave me the button out of his mouth; it had a lion on it and a fleur-de-lis in his paw - I said if he would bring me a note from his master, saying it was his own, I would buy it; he went away, and I saw him no more - he said he had worn it three years; I was certain it could not have been worn six months.


                  ROBERT 
                  CURRIE
               



            . I was on duty on the 23rd of March, and saw the prisoner lurking about my beat; I tried the doors and found all right; I went round, returned, and found the prisoner there still. I said, "Is it not time for you to go home, and go to bed?" he said, "I can't go to bed;" he kicked at the stable-door; I took out my truncheon and knocked at the door; I said, "Your friend must be dead or drunk" - this was past twelve, and about half-past two o'clock I lost him altogether.
Prisoner. Q. Did not I tell you to put your finger into the hole, and see if the key was in? A. The prisoner put his finger in, I did not - he told me he lived at No. 10.


                  THOMAS 
                  HIGGINS
               



            . He does not live at No. 10, and never did; the carriage got in that night about ten o'clock; I had some young horses, which took some time to unharness, and I did not leave till half-past eleven - my master's crest is a rampant lion with a fleur-de-lis in his paw.
Prisoner's Defence. I never took the coat - the Magistrate acquitted me the first day, but I was detained and brought up again - the coachman had let me sleep there for helping him, but locked me out that night, and let other persons in.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
