



645. 




WILLIAM JOHNSON DOUGLAS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
4th of January, 2 printed books, value 5s., the goods of 



Isaac Gregory; and that he had been previously convicted of felony.






ISAAC GREGORY
. I am a bookseller, and live in Chapel-street, Tottenham-court-road. On Friday evening, the 4th of January, about half-past eight o'clock, the prisoner came to my shop to purchase "Lady Russell's Letters," which I had not got—he selected thirteen other books, and ordered me to send them to Mrs. Wilson's, No. 2, Allford-place—I went there, but found no such person—I inquired at several places—when I returned home I missed these two books—(looking at them)—I saw them in the prisoner's hands when he was at my shop—they both have my private mark on them.

Prisoner. You were not in the shop when I came in? Witness. I was not, but I came in the minute after—I saw the books safe five minutes before you came in.





JOSEPH DISPROVE
. I am a bookseller. On the 4th of January the prisoner came to me, late in the evening, and asked me if I exchanged books—I said I did—he looked all over mine, but found none that suited him, and I purchased these two of him for 2s.—I asked him his address—he said, "I live over the way, at the Nag's Head"—I rather suspected, and sent a person to ascertain whether he did live there—I found he did not—I inquired next day if any books were lost, and found they belonged to Mr. Gregory.

Prisoner. He left word for me at the Nag's Head, and I went back to him next day, which I should not have done, if I had known them to be stolen. Witness. I ascertained that he was in the habit of using the tap-room at the Nag's Head, and I left word with the ostler, if he came there again, that I wanted to see him, about buying some books which we had spoken of—he came back next day, in consequence, and I had a policeman in waiting to take him.






WILLIAM CHADWICK
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody at Disprove's stall, under the Piazza—I told him what it was for—he said, "If they were stolen it is more than I knew of; I bought them at a shop in Tottenham-court-road"—I asked not tell me.





THOMAS EVERETT
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present at his trial—he is the same person.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Faughan.

