





1998. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for a misdemeanour
            .
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.
JOHN HOPKINS. I am vestry-clerk of St. Dunstan in the west


. Before April, this year, application was made by a woman calling herself Langford, for relief on behalf of two children; she said they were at Birmingham - the officers advanced her a trifle to go down and see them - it was afterwards reported that she was dead, and in June, application was made by a female, who I do not know, representing that Langford's two children were at Westminster; she summoned the parish-officers to show cause why they had not relieved the children - I attended the summons before Alderman Wilson, and the first person I saw at Guildhall, was Mrs. Langford, who had been represented as dead; I also saw the woman who had summoned me, and at Guildhall, the woman said her name was not Langford, but I am sure she is the woman who had applied by that name; the children not living in our parish, the Magistrate said they must be removed by the parish of Westminster - on the 3rd of July, they were removed into our parish from Westminster, by an order which I have; it describes them as Ann Langford, aged eight, and George Langford, aged four - another person came with them, as their relative; and on or about the 11th of July, the woman who had received the money to go to Birmingham, and who I knew as Langford, came, and Mr. Thomas, one of the overseers, offered to take them into the workhouse, as they were orphans; but she said their uncle, who was going to Edinburgh, or Glasgow, would take them, if the parish would give him money to enable him to take them, and they would be no further expence to the parish - she was desired to bring the uncle the next morning, when the overseers would very likely comply; she took the children away, and next morning the prisoner came, accompanied by Langford, and the prisoner stated to Mr. Thomas, that if the parish officers would give him 30s., he would take them to Scotland, and they should be no further expense - he described himself as their uncle, and in consequence of that, 30s. were given him; he was brought to Guildhall by the name of Brown - he would not acknowledge to that name at first, but did afterwards; he was asked if the receipt, which I had seen him sign for the 30s., in the name of Dixon, was his hand-writing, and denied it, but the following week, when he was under examination, he admitted that it was his writing.


                  ROBERT 
                  THOMAS
               



            . In July last I was one of the overseers of St. Dunstan in the west. On the 11th of July the children were removed to our parish, by this order; we offered to take the children into the workhouse; the woman objected, as she said their uncle would take them to Edinburgh, if we advanced the money; that he was a linendraper, and was well off - she wished to have the money that evening - we told her to call next morning; I was in attendance next morning, and saw the prisoner - he said he was the uncle of the children, and a shoemaker, at Westminster; we put some questions to him, as to the propriety of their going, and asked what money was necessary; he said 30s. or 2l. - 30s. was advanced to him, and he signed this receipt; the woman, who had been the night before, and called herself Leech, said the children's parents were both dead, and died at Birmingham; that woman had before called herself Langford; when the prisoner was apprehended, he said the receipt was not his writing, but in the following week he said it was his writing, that his name was Brown and not Dixon; the woman who has pleaded guilty, by the name of Lane, is the woman I have been speaking of.


                  JOHN 
                  PONTIFEX
               



            . I am a vestry-clerk of St. Andrew, Holborn. Lane, who has pleaded guilty, applied to our parish by the name of Elizabeth Palmer, for relief, on the27th of July, 1832, for two children, whom she represented as the children of Langford, deceased, and stated herself to be their aunt; one of them, Mary, was nine years old, and John four - she said the parents were dead, and she was their maternal aunt; from her statement, we believed the children were legally settled on our parish - she wanted 30s. to send them to Exeter, representing that they had an uncle there, who would take care of them, and free the parish from any further burthen; our parish made some inquiries before we advanced the money, and discovered a woman, named Catherine Lane; we got her to the office when Farmer came again - she had represented to me that the child's parents were married at Bermondsey; I had the certificate of the marriage with me, in the name of Lane, and not Langford, in consequence of what she had stated to our beadle - when she came, she represented herself as Elizabeth Farmer, and that Sarah Lane, mentioned in the certificate, was her sister - she had at first referred me to the church for the certificate, in the name of Langford; after she made this statement, I introduced her to Catherine Lane, who said,"Ah, Sarah, how do you do?" she said, "I am not Sarah, I am Sarah's twin sister;" Catherine Lane said,"You know, Sarah, you never had a sister;" she then admitted she was the Sarah Lane mentioned in the marriage certificate.
Q. When did the beadle take her into custody? A. It was on the 7th of August.
COURT. Q. Then this was after Brown's appearance at St. Dunstan's parish? A. Yes, but before his examination; he was not taken till Farmer had appeared once or twice.


                  JOHN 
                  BUCKMASTER
               



            . In July last, I was an overseer of St. Andrew's, and remember on a Friday, the female coming for relief about three children, and on the following day, the prisoner came to my place with her; she represented herself as Elizabeth Farmer, and introduced him as her husband; he confirmed her intention of taking the two children to Exeter; he said he was her second husband, and that she was the sister of the children's mother - he said nothing about the parents being dead; they were spoken of generally as orphans.
Prisoner. Q. Did I represent myself as her husband? A. She introduced him as such, and he did not contradict it; she referred to him to know if he had a letter to his friends at Exeter - he felt in his pocket; and said No, he had not got it about him, but would go and get it from home.


                  CATHERINE 
                  LANE
               



            . The prisoner Lane, who has pleaded guilty, married my brother, John Lane, and had four children by him, who are all dead; I saw them all in their coffins - they have been dead nine or ten years - she never had a sister; I never saw the prisoner, and never knew him as a relation.


                  THOMAS 
                  LIFFORD SMART
               



            . I am vestry clerk of St. Botolph, Bishopsgate. The prisoner Lane came to our parish on the 4th of August, in the name of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Brown
               



            , and brought three children, by order of removal; they are described as, Mary, aged nine years, John, four years, and William, one year, all lawful children of John and 
               
                  Jane 
                  Farmer
               



            , deceased - she said she was the mother's sister, and stated how the children were settled on our parish, and that she and her husband were going to Plymouth on the Wednesday following, and if we would give her 50s. to pay expenses, and clothing, we should hear nothing further of them - I promised to consider it, and she was to call again on the Tuesday; she did not come - on the 10th of August, in the morning, the prisoner called on me, and said he was the husband of the woman who came with the children, and gave his name as Brown; he brought this letter, which he said was from his wife, who had sprained her ancle, and could not get out - I told him to call in the evening; he said he had a deal to do, and could not he have the money then, as he was anxious to go hi journey - I gave him no reason to suppose I suspected him- I had made inquiry, and told him to call in the evening, which he did, and I read the letter openly before him and twenty gentlemen; I questioned him, and he was taken into custody - he said he got the letter from his wife - I asked where - he said she sent it to him, and he could not tell where from; I had found out that his wife, as he called her was in custody at the time - (the letter was as follows).
To - Smart, Esq., vestry clerk:-
SIR, - The bearer is my husband, and most proper to see the gentlemen, as he has protected the children since the death of the parents, and is going to take them with us on Sunday; I sprained my uncle, which prevents my attending - my husband will give you every satisfaction of taking the children off your hands, for the sum I proposed.
7, Oakley-street, Lambeth. E. BROWN.


                  MARY 
                  GEORGE
               



            . I am the wife of Abel George, a serjeant in the Guards; I live in Smith's-rents, Westminster, and have two male children, one two years old, and the other five. The female prisoner Lane, came twice to my house, asked leave to take my children a walk; it was in July- she took them out between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, and kept them till the evening; I only remember it being done twice.


                  ABEL 
                  GEORGE
               



            . I remember Lane taking my children out three times; I am not positive of more - I was not always at home - she said she was going to see about some private property which was left her, and took the children while my wife washed; she said she had a boy in some school in the City, as his father was a citizen.
Prisoner's Defence. I must say several witnesses have been examined on my trial, who have nothing to do with the case; they are more against the female than against me - the acts I admit some of, but I am in other respects innocent; I was the bearer of the letter, but I expressed no anxiety to obtain the money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 45. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
