





1939. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LAWSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of September
, 1 half-crown, 8 shillings, and 13 sixpences, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Green
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a hawker of gingerbread
. I was at a public-house at Enfield


 on the 24th of September - I had a few words with the landlord, and he sent me to the watch-house, at half-past nine o'clock at night; I had near 1l. worth of silver, as I thought - I know I had what is stated in the indictment; the prisoner was in the watch-house - I went to sleep, and the officer came in the morning to let me out; I then missed my money; I went to look on the bed on which I had been, and the officer asked what I was looking for - I said I had lost a half-crown eight shillings, and a good many sixpences; the officer ordered the prisoner and another to strip, and from the back of the prisoner's trousers he cut out this money, with a knife - I had only one half-crown and a few halfpence in the morning.


                  JOHN 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutor said he had lost nearly 1l. worth of silver - the prisoner and another person were there; I found on the prisoner this money - here is 17s.; it was in the waistband of his breeches - I had searched him the day before, and found nothing on him; I took every thing from him but a needle and thread.
Prisoner's Defence. You did not - I pulled out my things myself; that money I had saved up by industry, in working for the parish at 9s. a week, to put me over the winter.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
