






1534. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FLINN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LANAGAN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the warehouse of 
                     
                        John 
                        Leigh Frost
                     



                  , on the 19th of August
, and stealing 20 yards of woollen cloth, value 15l., and 1 pair of boots, value 14s., his property; 1 snuff-box, value 15s.; 1 coat, value 30s.; 5 half-crowns, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Josiah Greethead 
                           Strachan
                        




.


                  JOSIAH 
                  GREETHEAD STRACHAN
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  John 
                  Leigh Frost
               



            , Blackwellhall-factor, at No. 39, Coleman-street, in the parish of St. Olave Jewry


. On the 18th of August I left the warehouse, a few minutes before seven o'clock, leaving nobody there - I saw the warehouse secured, and Mr. Frost's son took the keys home; it could not be opened except by force - I returned a few minutes after nine o'clock in the morning; Mr. Frost's son had opened the warehouse before that - I had left locked in my desk a snuff-box, five half-crowns, and a sixpence; also a black coat hanging on the rail; I found the desk forced open - my coat was also gone; I saw the coat and snuff-box at the Mansion-house that day, when Flinn was in custody - he had my coat on when taken; the five half-crowns and sixpence were produced - I had no mark on them; I found the warehouse in great confusion, every thing thrown in a heap into the middle - I missed an end of cloth, which I saw at the Mansion-house that day; I am certain it was safe in the warehouse overnight - a pane of glass, thirteen inches square, had been cut entirely out of the warehouse window; several ends of cloth were piled near the window - the cloth appeared to have been drawn through the pane; it was worth about 15l. - I did not notice the window overnight; a person could get through the pane into the warehouse - Lanagan was in the employ of a person who had an office on out premises; Mr. Frost lost a pair of boots, which I saw at the Mansion-house.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. Did you say Flinn had the coat on? A. I did not see him in it; the opening in the window was quite large enough for Flinn to have got through.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long before had you noticed the window? A. I cannot say - it might have been broken two or three days for what I know.


                  SOLOMON 
                  MOORE FROST
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  John 
                  Leigh Frost
               



             - he has no partner. On the 18th I was at the warehouse till Strachan left - it was quite safe, and the window was secure I am certain, for I always look at it; I returned at nine o'clock in the morning, before Strachan; I was the first person there - I unlocked the door with the greatest difficulty, for the cloths were so piled against it; they were in their proper places overnight - I missed one end; Strachan's desk was forced open, and his coat gone - Lanagan was in the habit of passing the door, but I never saw him in the warehouse; a cupboard was broken open, and two bottles of wine drank on the premises - several things were left behind.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen the cloth recently? A. I had, a day or two before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a patrol of Basinghall-street. On the 19th of August, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I saw Flinn coming down Basinghall-street from Cateaton-street, with a roll of cloth on his shoulder; I made up to him, and asked where he was going - he said to Goswell-street, but he did not know where there; I asked if he had an invoice of the cloth - he said, "What is that to you? what have you to do with it?" I took him to the Compter, searched him, and found a snuff-box, five half-crowns, and a sixpence on him, and some steel buttons; he had a dark coat on, and boots - I took the coat off at the Mansion-house, and Strachan claimed it; the boots werebrought to me from the Compter, and claimed by Mr. Frost - Strachan claimed the money and cloth as his master's; Flinn gave no account how he came by them.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  HAM
               



            . I am a patrol of Coleman-street: Mr. Frost's premises are on my beat. On the 19th of August, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I was walking through Coleman-street, and saw a person in the passage which leads to Mr. Frost's warehouse - I believe it to be Flinn; he had three parcels on his shoulder - it appeared to be cloth; I did not stop him, as I saw Lanagan standing at the door of the warehouse at the same time, and believing him to belong to the premises, I had no suspicion; the door was open - I am certain of Lanagan's person; I took him into custody on the morning of the 20th, and asked if he was at Flinn's house the night before, or on the morning of the robbery - he said No; I asked if he was not in the court at all - he said he was not: Flinn lived in Blue Heart-court, Little Bell-alley - I took him to Flinn's house, and saw Flinn's sister; I said in his hearing,"Did any body call on your brother the evening before the robbery?" she said Yes; I said, "Is this the lad that called?" she said Yes; I asked if he had called on the morning of the 19th - she said he had; Flinn was not present.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you specify what day of the week you meant? A. I asked if he knew Flinn; he said he did not - that he had not been to his house the night before the robbery, nor in Blue Heart-court; I did not mention on what night the robbery was committed, but he was aware of it - I believe I have seen him before about the premises, but will not positively swear it; I think I have seen him a great many times going to and fro - his features are well known to me somewhere; I pass the place twelve or fourteen times a-day - I have been on duty in that street three or four months; I think I have seen him at evening and morning - I cannot say how often or how long before this; I never spoke to him - he had on a blue coat, and, I think, a light handkerchief; he had nothing with him.
COURT. Q. Are you quite certain he is the person you saw between seven and eight o'clock at the door of Frost's warehouse, which was open? A. The entrance door was open, and he stood at it.


                  ANN 
                  FLINN
               



            . I live in Blue Heart-court, Coleman-street. I do not know Lanagan; there were two persons in the habit of coming, so much alike, I could not tell one from the other - I do not know their names; Ham brought a person to me, and asked if I had seen him - I said I believed he was the person I had seen; I was not certain - I only believed it; Flinn was not there at the time he came.


                  JOSIAH 
                  GREETHEAD STRACHAN
               



            . This is my coat; I had had it about a month - this snuff-box I am certain of, it is tortoiseshell; my cousin's initials are on it - he had left it in my care; five half-crowns and 6d. were produced at the Mansion-house - they were the exact coins I lost; this cloth is Mr. Frost's, and is worth about 15l. - I am certain it was in the warehouse over night when I left; Mr. Frost's name is on the boots - a strange pair of boots, and a strange old coat were left behind in the warehouse; they were not so good as those taken away - two broken chisels and two old keys were left in the warehouse; the flap of my desk was forced from the lock - the chisels appeared to have been used to force the cupboard.
Cross-examined. Q. By what mark do you know the cloth? A. By the number, 15,025, and mark; I saw the boots there in the course of the 18th - I know the coat by a rent in the button, which I made in sitting down; Lanagan worked for Mr. Taylor, the City printer, who has premises over ours.


                  SOLOMON 
                  MOORE FROST
               



            . I know my father's boots by his name being in them - they were repaired and brought back; I saw them on the 18th, but do not know at what time.
Flinn's Defence. I am employed by my father to deliver newspapers to the morning coaches, to go into the country - I went on the morning of this unfortunate affair, and when the newspapers are got rid of, the coachmen expect the venders to treat them with drink, which I did, and drank rather too freely; at the corner of Coleman-street I met a young man, previously known to me - he said, "I have got a roll of cloth - can you take it as far as Goswell-street for me?" I said I could - he took me up a gateway: he had the cloth, the boots, and coat, and three small bundles of paper - he said, "If you will take this cloth I will meet you in Old-street;" I said I could not, as I was obliged to go out, and had got a bad pair of boots on, as such I could not go - he said, "Well, here is a pair of boots, you can put them on, and you can put the coat on - and here is a snuff-box which I will give you to take the cloth;" I went on, staggered about, being rather in liquor, and the patrol stopped me - I answered him rather sharply, and told him I had brought it from Coleman-street; he said, "From any warehouse?" I said No, and wished him to come back, thinking the person would not be gone.
FLINN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
LANAGAN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
