





946. 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     STEWERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of April
, 1 5l. bank note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry Charles 
                           Norris
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            , against the Statute, &c.


                  HENRY 
                  CHARLES NORRIS
               



            . I am foreman
 to a farmer. I came to town from Cambridge on the 11th of April -I fell in with the prisoner and another woman about four o'clock the same day; they were strangers to me - I was a little in liquor, but knew what I was about; we were walking down Holborn


, and they asked me to treat them, and I treated them at one or two houses; we then went into the York Arms, but I believe they paid for what they had there - I passed a 5l. note to the hands of the landlord to give me change; he said he could not - the prisoner then took the note from my hand, and gave it to the other woman, who went out with it; the landlord accused the prisoner of having it; she said she had not - she was taken immediately; she offered to make up the matter by giving me 2l. or 3l.; it was a 5l. Bank of England note.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q Had you not another woman in company with you before you saw the prisoner? A. No, Sir; the prisoner and the other woman were in company, the other woman had a child in her arms; they called me uncle - the prisoner said, I will take care of it for you; we went into two or three houses, it might be five or six - they did not refuse to serve me in any of those places - I did not drop the note in any public-house, I had it in my side pocket; I did not take it out till I got into the house where I was robbed of it - I will not swear that I did not.


                  CHARLES 
                  BURT
               



            . I am assistant to my mother who keeps the York Arms. The prosecutor came there with two women, the prisoner was one; the women had something to drink, but the prosecutor had not; he offered me a 5l. note to change, and pay for what they had - I said I could not change it; he said he had no more money - the prisoner said she had money, and she paid for what they had had with a shilling - she then said to the prosecutor, "Uncle, give me the note, I will take care of it," and she stretched out her hand, and took the note from his hand; the other woman was gone in a minute; the prosecutor seemed surprised, but in a minute he said to the prisoner "Give me my note" - she said she had no note - I said, "You have, I saw you take it;" I opened the door and called the policeman.
Cross-examined. Q. How many persons were there in front of the bar? A.There were only the prosecutor and the two females; the prisoner brought the child in, but the other woman took the child before the prisoner took the note - I am certain the prisoner took it, she was not out of my sight.


                  DANIEL 
                  SMITH
               



             (police-constable G 146). Mr. Burt called me in - I asked the prisoner where the note was? - she said she had never seen it, and I might search her; in taking her to the station, she said she did take it, and offered the prosecutor 3l. to make it up - on the Saturday following, the man she lives with came and offered 3l.; and when the prisoner was before the magistrate the third time, she said she gave the note to the other woman.
Prisoner's Defence. I was looking into a linen-draper's window, he came and asked what I was looking at? - I said what was that to him; I went on, he followed me; I looked behind, and saw a woman with a child walking with him; the woman asked me to have something to drink, and we went into a house, but he was so much in liquor they would not serve him - I drank a little and came out, and the woman followed me; they then went into two or three other public-houses, and had gin and water, and he bought the woman a new pair of boots, and a pair of socks; the prosecutor dropped his note in the shoemaker's shop - we then went to Mr. Burt's, and the prosecutor gave the note into his hand; I took it and gave it to him, and said "Don't drop it" - I would not have it changed in my presence - I looked round and the female was gone, he then accused me of taking it; my husband came up, and asked what I did with the money I had to buy the gown; I said they stopped me, I went and had some drink - the prosecutor said, if I remand you for a week will you give me something - I said I cannot unless I distress my home - I had nothing to do with it; he said he wished I would tell him who the other woman was; my husband was a fortnight looking for her but could not find her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
