





1659. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, 2 sacks, value 5s.: 1 sovereign; 5 half-crowns, 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Clarke 
                           Winchester
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .


                  CLARKE 
                  WINCHESTER
               



            . I have a warehouse
 in Dean-street, Fetter-lane


, and live in Gray's Inn-lane. On the 6th of September the prisoner applied to me for work, and came at ten o'clock in the morning on the 7th; he told me my young man had left 1l. 14s. for umbrella-sticks; I saw the money in his hand; there was a sovereign, five half-crowns, and a sixpence; I delivered that money to him, and told him to get two sacks from my private house, and to purchase the umbrella-sticks for me - he went out, and never returned - I found him at St. Andrew's workhouse on the 13th of September, and gave him in charge; I was obliged to send more money for the sticks, as he never brought them.
Prisoner. He did not give me the money himself.
Witness. I did not give it to him, but saw it in his hand; I have not seen sacks or money since.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY BEYNON
               



            . I was in the prosecutor's employ. On the 7th of September, about ten o'clock, the prisoner came and said he had met master, who had promised him a job; he apologized for coming so late - I told him there was 1l. 14s. to fetch umbrella-sticks - I laid it down, and went out - I did not see him take it up - he never returned.


                  MARY 
                  ANN SAMPSON
               



            . I live in Gray's Inn-lane, in the next room to Mr. Winchester, and I was in his room when the prisoner came and asked for two sacks to go for the sticks; I saw them delivered to him on the morning of the 7th of September.


                  MARY 
                  HUNT
               



            . I was in Winchester's room, and delivered the sacks to the prisoner; I have not seen them since.


                  GEORGE 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I am a hair-dresser. I saw the prisoner at the workhouse - Winchester charged him with stealing two sacks and the money - I heard him say he was sorry for it; he had done it, and it could not be helped - I took him to the Compter.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he had got intoxicated, and lost the money and sacks.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
