




1484. 




JOSEPH THOMASON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of May, 7 pairs of lasts, value 1s. 9d.; 4 other lasts, value 3d.; 1 umbrella value 1s.; 61bs. weight of beef, value 3s.; and 1 roastingjack, value 6d. the goods of 



Frederick Thomas Rowland; and that he had been be convicted of felony.






FREDERICK THOMAS ROWLAND
. I live in Cross-street, Shoreditch, and deal in grindery. I missed about a dozen pairs of lasts from my wash-house on Sunday morning, the 14th of May—I saw them again at station the same morning—one pair have my mark on them, and this umbrella is mine.

Prisoner. Q. What can you swear to the umbrella by? A. By the border, and by its being worn in the manner it is—I know these lasts by its piece of leather nailed on the side.





EDMUND M'CARTHY
. On Sunday morning, about four o'clock, I was coming up Sherwood-place, and saw the prisoner, with a bag on his shoulder, with another man—I followed them—they went into No. 49, Nelson street, but the prisoner turned back, and asked what I wanted—I said who was with him—he said, "Jim," and he went out backwards—I sprang my rattle, and got three officers, but we could not find the other man—we found thirteen lasts under the bed in the house, and this bag on the bed—I cannot say it was the bag I had seen the prisoner carrying—I did not follow them into the house—being at a distance, I could not swear to it but it looks like it—a woman and two or three children were in the room.





THOMAS HARDWICK
 (police-constable H 170.) I was called in to No.49, Nelson-street, to assist M'Carthy—I found seven lasts under the bed, and a bag—I found this umbrella in the yard, placed against the water-butt—I went over several gardens, and found five lasts on the dust-hole, which brought in—the prisoner said he knew nothing about them—I could not find the other man.





GEORGE STEVENS
 (police-constable H 132.) At half-past three o'clock that morning I was in New Nicoll-street, and saw the prisoner and another—the prisoner had a bag on his shoulder—I asked him what he had got—he said, "Shoemaker's lasts"—I desired him to take them off his back and found nine pairs of lasts—I took one pair in my band, tied together with a slip of leather—I asked if they were marked—he said no, he knew them by the number—I asked him what number this was—hesaid, "Women's, 6"✗—this is the pair—I asked what he did with them so early in the morning——hesaid he was moving—he said he was a cordwainer—I asked to look at his hands to see that he was, and he was so—I did not detain him.

Prisoner. Q. Did you count the lasts? A. Yes—I turned them outthere were eight or nine pairs—you did not tell me you were going home to No. 49, Nelson-street—I examined every thing that was in the bag—the other man had nothing in his hand—they had no umbrella then—they were three or four hundred feet from the prosecutor's.

Prisoner's Defence I was at work till half-past six o'clock on Saturday evening, and bought six pairs of lasts, to make my children some shoe ✗ then went to the Crown, in Wheeler-street, and stopped till half-past twelve o'clock at night—I then went to Mr. Hutchin, in Webb-square, who ✗ me a small pair of lasts, to make my child a pair of boots on—the lasts the policeman found in my room were put into a handkerchief—the other policeman put what he found into a bag—on the second examination they were all put together, and they brought another policeman up, who swore to these with the leather, which I know nothing of—can any man swear to

these lasts, when three pairs out of four have stocks on the sole of them?—this pair of two's are mine, but the others are not, and those with the stocks on were found three yards from my premises.





EDMUND M'CARTHY
. I found six pairs and a half in the room.





THOMAS BESLOE
 (police-constable H 84.) I produce a certificate the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office,—(read)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY. Aged 27.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.





Transported for Seven Years.
