






911. 
               
                  
                     MATTHEW 
                     GOADLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     REBOUL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of April
, 1 watch, value 3l,; 1 watch-chain, value 1s.; 3 seals, value 15s.; and 2 keys, value 4s; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a tailor
. At half past two o'clock in the morning, on the 14th of April, I was walking with a young woman named Diggins, I was seeing her home - I was sober; I had been at work all day, and left work about eight o'clock - I then went to my employers in Regent-street to get paid; and on returning home by 
               
                  Tom 
                  Spring
               



            's in Holborn, I met the young woman - I had not seen her for some time, and I asked her to go and have something to drink, which we did - I was then going home with her, and at the corner of Carey-street


 we were walking arm in arm; I was seized round the waist by Goadley - he came right across my front, put his hand round my waist, and threw himself against me; I seized him back-handed with the left hand - I saw his hand take my watch and seals out, and pass it behind him to two men who took it; there were four altogether to my knowledge - I took Goadly and gave him to Diggins to hold, and I was going to pursue the two men who had got the watch, up Chancery-lane, but when I got about five yards, I returned and saw Reboul with Diggins - he then ran off - I can swear he was one of the four - the policeman took him running away.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long had you known Rosetta Diggins? A. About two years; she is a shoe-binder - we are pretty good friends, but not too intimate - I don't know that she gets her living in any way but by shoe-binding; I had not seen her for ten months before this time - my wife knows of this young woman; she does not know her personally, but she knows that I paid my addresses to her once, I mean my respects - I was not in love with her - I met her about ten o'clock, opposite Spring's, and we were there till half-past twelve; we had three pints of ale there - we went to another public-house in Drury-lane, that was in our way home; I cannot tell where Rosetta lives - she told me, but I forget; I believe I had a little rum in Drury-lane - I had nothing else, I don't know how much I had, I believe I paid 5d. for it; I was perfectly sober - there was another female with us who was Rosetta's sister - I don't know that I told the magistrate that there was no other female in our company - I did not say so - I met Rosetta and her sister by accident; they live together and were both drinking with me.


                  ROSETTA 
                  DIGGINS
               



            . I have known Mr. Smith four or five years; I was with him when this happened - we were walking arm in arm; at the corner of Carey-street I saw Goadly draw the watch from his pocket, and pass it behind him, where were two persons - they ran off down Chancery-lane - Mr. Smith ran four or five yards to see if he could overtake them - I took hold of Goadly; he seized me by the throat, and the other prisoner came and took me away from him, and tore my shawl - Reboul ran off when the police was called, and the officer took him; I am sure of them both.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you known Goadly before? A. No, Sir; I should not know the other two persons; I am a shoe binder; I have known Smith four or five years, only as a friend - I met him about nine that evening - I had not seen him for six or seven months before; it was not so long as ten months - my sister was with me - I live at No. 8, Market-street, Haymarket, but I then lived at No. 7, Clement's-lane - we went to the Craven's Head, in Drury-lane, and we had before that called on a friend in a public-house, I don't know the sign, but Spring keeps it - I took a glass of ale there, and stopped some time on account of the rain - Drury-lane is not in the way to Clement's-lane, but I had to call on a person - Chancery-lane is out of the way to Clement's-lane, but I walked a little way back with Smith - it was about two o'clock when we got to Carey-street; I had not drank any thing at Drury-lane - Smith knew where I lived, for I told him; I went to Drury-lane to call on a friend at No. 23, but they were in bed; it was then half past one - Goadly positively denied that he had any part in the transaction.


                  JAMES 
                  STACE
               



             (Police-sergeant, F. 12). I was on duty in Carey-street, and heard the cry of Police! between two and three o'clock in the morning of the 14th of April - I went to the corner of Star-yard and met Reboul running towards me, as though he was running from the spot; I took the prisoner back, and found Goadley being held by the prosecutor and another constable - I took another person afterwards who was not identified.
Goadley's Defence. I had been to Drury-lane theatre, and then to a cook-shop and had my supper; I then came down Carey-street on the right hand side, and when I got near the bottom I heard a noise; I walked on, and when I got to the corner I saw the prosecutor, the witness, and two more women all in a bother, calling police; I stepped up and asked the prosecutor what was the matter - he said, you are one of the men who have stolen my watch - I was going home to Blackfriars-bridge, when he collared me - I said I would go with him; I made no resistance nor did I attempt to escape.
Reboul's Defence. I was at work in Drury-lane, and left at half-past one; I walked down the Strand, and turned up Bell-yard, and the policeman took me back, and this woman swore I was one who had attacked the man.
John Youngman, of Hunter-street, deposed to the good character of Goadley - and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Tucker
               



            , Drury-lane, to that of Reboul.
GOADLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
REBOUL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.





               Transported for Life
            .
