



420. 




GEORGE WILLIAMS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
8th of January, 132 pairs of stays, value 28l.; and 2 yards of canvass, value 1s.; the goods of 



Francis Sims.






FRANCIS SIMS
. I live in Bishopsgate-street Without, and am a staymaker. On Friday, the 8th of January, I had to send a truss containing eleven dozen pairs of stays to Liverpool—I sent for Thomas Sullivan, who is watchman of the Ward, and also employed by me as porter, and desired him to take this truss to Pickford's, in Wood-street—he is not here—he went away about six o'clock in the evening—he only went over the way, he was not gone two minutes, when he brought the prisoner to assist him back with it, as he was in liquor and could not carry it—the prisoner asked me to let him have the job, he would do it for the same money—I did not know him before, but the other lending him his hat and knot, put me quite off my guard; and he said to the prisoner. "When you come back, bring the knot to me"—I then gave it him—he carried it some distance, and then said it was too heavy, he had not been used to carry with a knot, but he would get a truck and take it for the same money—he came with the truck, and asked which way he was to go—I told him—I was going with him, but in an instant he was gone and the truck also—I had only stopped to get a paper to carry into the City—the parcel has never been seen since—it was worth 28l. 14s.—I have not the least doubt the prisoner is the person.

Prisoner. At the time I was taken. you said you could not swear to me. Witness. I do not swear to you now.





SARAH BLACKETT
. I am shop-woman to Mr. Sims. I saw the prisoner come for the stays—I am sure he is the person.





PHŒBE DUEKSON
. I keep several trucks, and let them out, On the 8th of January, the prisoner came and asked for a truck and a dog to take a truss for Mr. Sims, and he wished me to send my boy there to see if it was right, which I did—I am sure he is the person.

Prisoner. It is a narrow court—there is only one lamp, and unless a person is under that lamp it is impossible to see him. Witness. I live in Dunning's-alley. Bishopsgate-street—there are four or five lights in it—he said, "Be quick, I shall be too late for the wagon"—I said to my son, "Make haste, Tommy, and get the dog," and while he was gone I took notice of the prisoner.





DANIEL PAMPLETT
. I am patrol of Bishopsgate. I went to the Castle and Falcon, and all the inns, to inquire about the parcel—Mr. Sims gave

me this cap, which I know to be the prisoner's, as I had him four nights before in the watch-house.

Prisoner, That is not My cap—I have been in the habit of wearing such a cap, but it was browner than that.





DANIEL PAMPLETT
. I apprehended him on the 11th of January—we were after him every night—I went to the Weaver's Arms, in Skinner-street; and went into the skittle-ground, and listened—I heard somebody say to the prisoner, "You gave the boy 3d. for the truck. and it was found in Bread-street"—I then went and collared the prisoner, and pulled him out—a lad, named George Naylor, tried in every way to rescue him; but I got him into the parlour, and asked Mr. Stevens to hold him—I went and got Naylor, who seized the poker, and struck me on the hand—my staff flew up in the air—I seized him, and put on the fire.

Prisoner. He said before that, that if he got me in his clutches he would do for me, whether right or wrong.





SARAH BLACKETT
 re-examined. The prisoner had this cap on—he left it, and put the knot and hat on his head.

Prisoner. I am innocent.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
