



609. 




GEORGE HATT
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
2nd of February, 23lbs. of soap, value 7s.; and 3lbs. of tallow, value 1s.; the goods of 



John Hunt, his master.






JOHN HUNT
. I am a soap-manufacturer, and live in Prince's-street, Lambeth, The prisoner was two years in my service—in consequence of information from the last prisoner's wife, who brought me in some soap, which I knew could not be got without the prisoner's knowledge—I sent for a policeman, and called the prisoner to me—I said to him, "Can you account how Gay came in Possession of this soap?"—he said he did not know—I said, "He could not have it without your knowledge"—he said "I know nothing of it"—I ordered the policeman to search the prisoner's house, and he found the articles stated in the indictment—I was liable to a penalty of 500l. for concealing it—it is not in bars—it has been cast into different garden-pots, and different things, instead of bars, and taken away—the prisoner's house is on my own premise, in my yard, but entirely under his controul—when he was taken to the station-house, he said he was surprised his stock was so large, and if he had known it he would not have taken so much—the soap weight 23lbs.—it is worth about 4 1/2. a pound, in the state it is in—we make it in a frame, the size of which is according to the act of parliament, but not a bit of this could have paid the duty,





GEORGE WILSON
. I was called to Mr. Hunt's and went to the prisoner's house—I found a basket on the ground-floor, with some tallow is it—he said he did not know the tallow was there—I went up-stairs and found a quantity of soap in a box which has been produced—he said he did not know his wife had so much in the house—when I came down stairs for the basket which the tallow had been in, I found a great quantity of soap, had been put into it, which had not been there before.





JOHN HUNT

re-examined. I have a great quantity of tallow on my premises, of the same sort as this—I do not allow them soap for their con sumption, except on the premises, to wash their, hands—he had 16s., 6d. a-week, with coals and house-room—he could earn 3s. or 4s. a-week more if he liked, as he was a handy man at box-making.

Prisoner's Defence. I hope you will be as mereiful as possible—I took the soap for my wife to wash with, but for no other purposes; not to make profit with—I did not know she had more in the house than was sufficient to use.




GUILTY
. Aged 42.—


Transported for Seven Years.
Fourth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
