





2154. 




JAMES KING
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
14th of September, 144 glass bottles, value 1l. 19s.; and 2 baskets, value 2s.; the goods of 



John Richards and another, his masters: and 





JOSEPH TAME
 and 



JAMES SMITH
 were indicted for

feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c,—Another COUNT, for feloniously receiving of an evil-disposed person, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY CHARLES BARKER
 (police-constable H 26.) On the 14th of September I was set to watch in Goodman's-yard, which runs from the Minories into Prescott-street—I observed a van of Mr. Richards's driven by the prisoner King, about half-past four o'clock, coming in a direction towards the Minories—twelve prickles were in it—he stopped at the stable belonging to Mr. Tame—when he came opposite the stable he gave the reins to a little boy who was sitting on the van with him, and he got down, he then went

behind, to the tail of the van, and took out the hindmost prickle on the near side—he took it on his back, and carried it up between two dead walls, to Mr. Tame's stable door—the prisoner Smith stood at the stable door, and helped him with it off his back—it was taken into Mr. Tame's stable—Smith gave him an empty prickle—he brought that out and put it into the van, and drove away—I watched him—when he got to Petticoat-lane he again gave the reins to the boy, got into the van, and began to take bottles out of the other prickles, and put them into the empty one—I followed him on to Messrs. Richard's—he afterwards went with an empty van to Irongate Wharf—I watched him from there, with a full van, again to the same place—he came away with twelve prickles, and again went to Goodman's-yard—he stopped, and gave the reins to the boy, and got down, he took the hindmost prickle as before, put it on his back, and went to the stable—I could see into the stable—I saw a man there, (whom I believe to be Tame, but I could not swear to him,) harnessing a horse—after this full prickle had been carried in, King brought out an empty one, and moved the hind one, and put that behind it—I watched the van the second time, and saw the same thing occur again—I followed the van to Mr. Richards's were-house the second time—I then tapped King on the shoulder, and side, "You have been robbing your master of bottles"—he said, "What?"—I told him he had been robbing his master—I took him into the counting-house and told Mr. Richards what I had seen—he gave him into custody—the cart arrived at Goodman's-yard at half past-four or a quarter to five o'clock—I afterwards went to Tame's house with Mr. Richards and three officers—I took Tame—he was standing at the door—that was about half-past six o'clock—the road from the Ironagte Wharf to Mr. Richards's is not through Goodman's-yard—it is not much out of the way—it was not the direct way.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you employed by Mr. Richards to watch this man? A. No—I was sent by the Inspector—I went in plain clothes—I had no communication with Mr. Richards before this—when the first prickle was taken no one was there but Smith, at Tame's stables—when I asked Tame if his name was Tame, he said, "Yes"—I did not know him before—I seached his stable—I could not see what kind of bottles were conveyed from the van on the first occasion—I could see they were bottles—I was about fifty or sixty feet from the stable door—they were in an open basket, and appeared to me to be large glass bottles—this was all in broad day-light—I could not tell whether they were old or new—I searched the following morning—Tame was then in custody, and saw most of what took place—I asked Tame about the loft, and heard him say something about straw.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHURCHILL. Q. When the tail-board was taken down, how was the horse standing? A. Towards Prescott-street—that is not an unusual way of unloading a cart—the two walls are eight feet apart, so that he could not have driven the cart down there—the van was the usual height, about seven feet—I was standing on no eminence—I was able to see the prickles because they stood above the van—I was thirty of forty yards from him when I saw him changing the bottles—I am confident I saw him shifting the bottles out of the prickles into this one.





JAMES RICHARDS
. I am in partnership with my father. His name is John—our premises are in Raven-row, Spitalfields—we deal in bottles to a considerable extent-we take the whole that one manufacturer makes in the north—on the 11th of September, I spoke to the police, and desired

an officer to be stationed at Goodman's-yard—King was carman from five to seven year—on that day there was a vessel unloading at the Irongate Wharf, containing bottles, and among others beer-bottles—King was sent with our van that day to fetch loads off that wharf, not beer-bottles only—he went six or seven times before any communication was made to me—we have a clerk at the wharf to see the prickles property loaded—six dozen of beer-bottles should he in each prickle, and twelve prickles in a van—that is the proper ordinary load—about five o'clock that afternoon I received a communication from the officer Barker—in consequence of that, King was taken and brought to our counting-house—my father gave him in charge—he was told he was taken into custody for delivering bottles at Tame's stables—he said he knew nothing about it—I went to Tames's—he is a wine-cooper and bottle-marchant—his house is in Prescott-street—he has a warehouse in Goodman's-yard, and a stable there—we found him at his door—Barker asked him if his name was Tame—he said, "My name is Tame"—the officer was in plain clothes—he said, "I must take you into custody for receiving bottles stolen from Mr. Richards"—he said. "What bottles? I know nothing about any bottles?"—I then went to the stable—Them went with me in custody—I asked him, "Have you a loft?—he said, "Yes, I have"—"What is in it?"—he said, "Nothing but hay and straw"—I said, "We must search it"—Smith was found at the stable and taken, and a man named Butler was taken, but discharged the same evening—we went up stairs into the loft—I did not minutely search it that evening, but I found a large bin of bottles, and ascertained they were our property—I drew samples from various parts of the bin—I did not examine every bottle—I have brought samples from the bottles in our bulk, and, from what were found there, my belief is, that there cannot be a doubt on the mind of any one, after looking at them, that they are the same—the greater portion of them were made at one particular manufactory, and no other bottles are permitted to be sent from there to any other person in town—they are under a heavy penalty not to do it—the samples are here—the bottles found in that bin were wine-bottles—they were different sorts, disposed in different layers, and of two different manufactories—the ship they were unloading that bin what day was from our manufacturer—we found different qualities—we had vessels unloading the day before, and on the Wednesday—King had been employed in carting these bottles, and we found them placed in the bin in the same order that King had to remove them from the ship, from two different vessels—that bin was not covered over—we found a variety of other bottles on a subsequent search on the premises—we found some that had the bloom on them, at his house, and in the loft—they had not been used—there is no way of restoring that bloom—we send no bottles out with that bloom on them—they are all washed and cleaned—there are six bottles of one sort to the gallon, and some four—we found some we call pale claret bottles, which I believe are of a shape and quality peculiar to our house—they are designed for Bucellas and pale brandy—this is one that we found, and this is one from our warehouse—the bloom is produced by the sulphur that comes from the coals—we remove it by vitriolic acid and water—it is a difficult thing to remove—103 dozen bottles were found on Tame's premises—I received information which led me to the house of James Goss, shipchandler, and exporter of wine, beer, and spirits—I found twenty-four dozen bottles there of the kind that were landed on the 14th, and which King was employed to convey-that would be the quantity contained in four

prickles—King had been seven times that day I think—I afterwards counted the quantity of beer-bottles in the stock at our warehouse, and found a deficiency of twenty-four dozen, corresponding with the quantity found at Goss's.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Were you at your warehouse all that day? A. Yes—I did not send King—he knew it was his duty to go—I ordered him the evening previous, and not that day—the freight is paid by us—it had not been paid at the time of King's apprehension—it is always paid when the cargo is told out and delivered.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE
Q. The only means you have of knowing your bottles is from the confidence you have in the manufacturer? A. No; the particularity of their shape, quality, and colour—I have never seen others like them—my transactions in the trade are to some extent, and the produce of most glass-houses in the kingdom come under my observation in the course of a year—I never send any bottles out with the bloom on them to any customers in London—we are in the habit of exchanging bottles sometimes with other warehouses, and then they these pale bottles, that they could not have come into the prisoner's hands in that way—we found six dozen of the pale claret bottles at the prisoner's—they were unloaded from the same ship on the Monday, and they came from our manufacturer—unless they break their contract it is impossible they can come into other people's hands—the vessel, which was unloading, was employed solely in bringing these bottles—it is chartered by our house—I identify the bottles found at Mr. Goss's by their corresponding in every respect with the others that we received—I had not seen them before they were at Mr. Goss's—I found twenty-four dozen deficient in our stock, which had not been delivered that day,

COURT. Q. Were the prickles delivered at your premises? A. Yes—their contents were twenty-four dozen short.

MR. BALLANTINE
Q. Tame side he had nothing but hay and straw in the loft? A. Yes—he has a stuttering voice—I understood him fully—he has a sort of hesitating way of speaking—I am quite sure he said that—I did not take it down.





ISAAC WOODHAM
. I am foreman to Messrs. Richards. I have been in their employ twenty years—I was at Irongate Wharf on the 12th, 13th, and 14th, of September, superintending the unloading of two vessels of bottles—on the 12th I was unloading part of the Dutton—King acted as carman—he conveyed thirteen loads that day—among them was one load of pale claret bottles—on the 13th the Isabella Sarah was unloaded—King brought the loads home—bottles from a different manufactory were unloaded then—on the Wednesday I went again to the Dutton—he took nine turns, four times with beer bottles, three full loads, and once two prickles—I saw some of the bottles found at Mr. Goss's—I compared them with the bulk on board the Dutton, and the other from Mr. Goss's—I have seen the claret bottles found in the loft, and also on board the vessel—they correspond, and are from the same bulk—I was present every time when King's van was loaded—I saw the bottles counted—I am sure each time there were twelve prickles, containing six dozen in each when they were quart bottles—I saw the prickles with my string—it is a peculiar string and my own tie.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is it unusual at all for persons to have prickles of another house at their places? A. They change them sometimes at the wine merchants—I cannot say whether we had other prickles with other people's names on them at that time—we generally mend the prickles up a day or two before they go to the vessels—I have tied them up ever since I have been there—each man can tell his own tie—the prickle that contained the claret bottles was my tie—I know it had not been tied months before by the newness of the string—some of them were new prickles, that we had home the day before—the prickles were never used till the Tuesday they were used on board the Isabella Sarah—I cannot tell whether they went with wine bottles or beer bottles—I know the prickles found at Mr. Tame's to be those I had sent on the Tuesday and Wednesday, because they were particular prickles, with red bands and white rods round them—I do not know any other house that used this string—it has four ends to it, and is made by a particular person for us—we buy it of Mr. Hammond—he does not make such string for other people—I have never seen it on the prickles of other merchants—it is the practice of some particular houses to interchange bottles—the wine merchant likes them dry if he can get them.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Was the Dutton close to shore? A. Yes.





JAMES GOSS
. I am a ship-chandler and Irish provision merchant. The front of my premises is in the Minories, and there is a communication to it from America-square—the prisoner Tame deals in old bottles—a short time before the 14th of September I applied to him to furnish me with some beer bottles—he engaged to send me ten or twelve gross—he said they would he very regular, and equal to any new bottles—the word "regular" means bottles that run of an equal size, and second-hand bottles very often vary, but we separate them and return the irregular ones—I think he said they were to be 32s., but I bought them at 31s., without discount—I am not exactly correct, but I think that was 7s. or 8s. a gross less than new ones—I was not at home, and I do not know when they came in.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE
Q. Tame is a dealer in old bottles, is he not? what is called a wine-cooper? A. I believe he is—I do not know that he have necessity for new bottles—new once are always regular, and old ones sometimes—there were to be old porter bottles—I did not see them as my servant took them in.





WILLIAM TOWN
. I am in the service of Mr. Goss. I was expecting some bottles to be sent from Mr. Tame's—I went to his premises on the morning of Wednesday, the 14th—I saw Tame, and asked him what time he was going to send the bottles in—he said in the course of the afternoon or evening—I do not recollect that he said why he had not sent them—I was at my master's on the evening of that day, and Tame brought two gross of bottles in a cart drawn by one horse—the same bottles were afterwards claimed by the prosecutor—they came in prickles—I did not notice whether they had been recently washed, but in the morning I filled them—I then found they were wet—I did not notice any thing then, but when I corked them I noticed one or two with the bloom on—I did not examine them all, but this attracted my attention—they were delivered up to Messrs. Richards.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How do you know it was Wednesday, the 14th? A. I am certain of it—I made no memorandum of it.

there was a receipt signed, I did not sign it—I filled them on Thursday, and they were taken away on Saturday—we have a great many bottles—we buy them generally of one person—I received them as good regular bottles—I saw nothing particular in the shape of them—If I had seen them a week afterwards any where else, I should not have known them.

MR. RICHARDS
re-examined. Here is one from Mr. Goss's premises, and this is one from our own stock.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you not think they differ in appearance? A. The colour may be different, but they agree in identity of manufacture and finish—from practice I have acquired such a knowledge as to be able to swear to these two as coming from the same manufacture and the same mould.
Tame's Defence. I am placed before this bar innocently, on a case I do not know any thing at all about. I am in the habit of buying new bottles as well as old—my trade is all over London, and I buy bottles (when I am short) of other bottles merchants in the new way; and, also I get a great many from on board ships, and there is no doubt but they come from the very same factory that Mr. Richards's does. When these bottles were received I was out very near the whole of the day; I generally am everyday. I keep at home three or four men to do my business while I am out bottling wine, and attending wine-merchants. I never bought a stolen bottle to my knowledge—I should be very sorry for my men to rob me, and I would not encourage it in any one else—I am a wine and bottle-merchant.
(Mr. Snow, a surgeon of Mile-end; Robert Prendergast, cellerman; William Chillingworth, wine-merchant, of Cooper's-row, Crutched-friars; James Rowe, hearth-rug maker, Orange-street; Richard Barnes, licensed victualler, George-street, Minories; Moses Magnus, merchant; Walter Baird, merchant's clerk; William Turner; Stephen Simpson, inn-keeper; John Atkins, cow-keeper; James Key, oilman; and Solomon Jonas, gave the prisoner Tame a good character. Joseph Oxtell, a cabinet-maker; Henry Wait, boot and shoe maker; Sarah King; Mr. Arnold; Edward Giff, harness-maker, Macclesfield-street; William Lewis, coal-merchant, Artillery-lane, Bishopsgate-street; Jonathan Tailor, butcher, Devonshire-street; and James Brown, Cottage-lane, City-road, gave King a good character)

KING—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.

TAME.—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.

Recommended to mercy by the Jury.





Transported for Seven Years.

SMITH.—


NOT GUILTY
.
