



1795. 




JOSEPH TRIGGS
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of June, 1 watch, value 18l., and 1 watch-stand, value 10s.; the goods of 



Mary Wardle, in her dwelling-house.






MARY WARDLE
. I occupy No. 16, Seymour-street, Portman-square, as a lodging-house. About eleven o'clock, on the 30th of June, I saw my watch safe in the housekeeper's room, in front of the house, down-stairs, in a stand on the chimney-piece—it was a gold watch, with a rose-wood case, let in with mother-of-pearl—it is worth 18l.—I am sure it is worth

10l.—I have had it eleven or twelve years—before half past eleven o'clock—the prisoner came down the area steps, along the passage to the kitchen—I do not know which of us spoke first, but he said, "Any orders for the green-grocer?" and I ordered carrots and other things of him—I did not know him before—I knew he was not in our green-grocer's service, and looked at him—the watch was ten or twelve yards from where I saw him—it was the length of the passage—he was talking to me four or five minutes—I am positive he is the person—in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes after he was gone I found the door wide open, and the watch gone, and have not seen it since—the green-grocer's woman came in about five minutes after he left—she had no opportunity to take it—I saw her in and out—I did not see any other creature about the premises that morning who I did not know—I have a family living at my house, and servants—none of the family were in the housekeeper's room—none of them went away—I saw the prisoner on the Saturday week following at the Mary-lebone office—I am quite positive he is the person I gave the orders to—I did not see him come in or go out—he had to pass the door of the room to come in and go out; I saw no stranger but the prisoner, and think it impossible any could have come in, for I stood facing the door all the time—Mr. Lemesure's family and servants lodge at my house—there is a parlour-maid, house-maid, and groom—they were in the kitchen with me from the time I saw the watch till I missed it, and were never out of it—the green-grocer's woman is the person who always calls—there was no other person sent from the green-grocer's.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How long had you been in the kitchen when the man came down? A. Not five minutes—I could not see the watch from the kitchen—I had that instant put the watch on the chimney-piece, and then went into the kitchen—nobody could pass along the passage while I was in the kitchen without my assistance because I was facing the door—the kitchen door is in a line with the passage door—I stood looking down the passage all the time—there was nothing to prevent my seeing the prisoner walk out, if I was looking out—but after he received my orders I turned my head to the table, to attend to some meat, and I suspect he went into the room then—I could not see the area steps—the mother-of-pearl is in the watch-stand—the outside case of the watch is gold—it came from Geneva—it went on diamonds—the person who had it to put a new gold case on said it was cheap at 18l.—it was very—I am positive it is worth what I have stated—I have a lease of the house.

COURT. Q. You say from the kitchen where you were you could see the door and past the room in question? A. Yes—I had not my eye looking down the passage when the prisoner entered, and might have gone into the room then without my seeing him, and he might have gone in after I gave the order without my seeing him—I am positive he is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported For Life.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
