





1611. 
               
                  
                     NOAH 
                     BEATTIE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, 4 pair of boots, value 1l.; and 1 pair of shoes, value 1s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     George Joseph 
                     Ford
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  JOSEPH FORD
               



            . I am a shoemaker
, and live in Field-lane


. The prisoner was in my service - I had frequently missed property, but had no suspicion of him till I had information.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FAULKNER
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Nicholls, a pawnbroker, in Gray's-inn-lane. I have two pair of Wellington boots, two pair of women's boots, and one pair of shoes - I cannot say who pawned them - I have the counterpart of the duplicates.


                  JOHN 
                  MURPHY
               



             (police-constable G 215). I took the prisoner on the 17th of September - he said the duplicates which I found at his place were his property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FAULKNER
               



            . These are the duplicates of the women's boots and shoes.
Cross-examined by MR. STAMMERS. Q. Are they the duplicates which were given when these articles were pledged? A. Yes; and the counterparts were pinned on the boots and shoes - this pair of boots has been worn - it is customary for persons to dispose of duplicates - these are pledged in the name of Ann Beattie and 
               
                  Ann 
                  Dixon
               



            .


                  GEORGE 
                  JOSEPH FORD
               



            . These are mine - one pair has my mark on; the other I have no doubt are mine.
Cross-examined. Q. Where is the mark? A. In the waist of them, "M. O." - I undertake to swear I had not sold this pair - I had been offered money for them, but did not take it - they are unlike what I generally purchase - I purchased a lot of them for Mr. Cole, a pawnbroker - I sent them, and several pairs were returned - this is one of them- they were returned as too narrow for the country trade - this pair was soiled when I bought them, but they had not been worn - I cannot say when I missed them; it was in the middle of the summer - I swear that no person in my employ ever sold these boots.
Prisoner's Defence. I keep a little shop, like my master. A respectable woman came there with this pair of boots on her feet - she had a pair of me, and I took these in exchange.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .(*The prosecutor stated that the prisoner had robbed his former master, and that thirty-five duplicates of the property were found on him.)
