



1826. 




WILLIAM ENSOR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of July at 
St. Marylebone, 2 watches, value 5l.; 2 watch ribbons, value 9d.; 1 watch keys, value 6d.; 13 spoons, value 3l.; 1 brooch, value 3s.; 1 ring, value 4s.; and 1 printed book, value 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



John Monteith, in his dwelling-house.






JOHN MONTEITH
. I am a private watchman in Crawford-street, and have a dwelling-house in Little Harcourt-street, in the parish of St. Marylebone. The prisoner married my wife's daughter, seven or eight years ago—on the 14th of July I went on duty about half-past nine o'clock in the evening—the prisoner has nothing to do with my house—my wife came home before me—she fetched me, I went with her, and found a box broken open with a pair of tongs, which laid by the side of it—I had left it secure in the front parlour, and had the key in my pocket—I lost the property stated—I value it at 10l.—the prisoner did not live in the house—my wife went to look for him, and about eight o'clock in the morning I was going down Marylebone-lane, and saw him talking to two Jews—I immediately jumped up, collared him, and said, "What are you talking to those Jews for? come this way; there is a man waiting for you"—I told him had been robbed—I afterwards found part of my property.





ROBERT FAIRHEAD
. I am a policeman. The prosecutor called me on the morning of the 15th of July, in Marylebone-lane, and gave the prisoner into my charge—I took him to the station-house and searched him—he gave a gold watch into my hand and said, "That is all I have got, I have got nothing more"—I searched him further, and found the silver watch in

his hat—he said, "Well, that is all I have, you may search where you will," I found in his waistcoat pocket thirteen silver tea-spoons.

Prisoner. Q. Do you take your oath that you took the watch out of my at? A. Yes—he did not give me the articles himself.





ABRAHAM HARRIS
. I am a clothes-dealer, and live in Marylebone-Lane. About eight o'clock in the morning, I was standing outside my door, and the prisoner came up to me with another man and said, "If you will deal with me I will deal with you"—he walked into the shop and pulled but gold watch and said, "Will you buy this?"—I said, "No, I will have nothing to do with it"—he then pulled out two silver spoons, and said, "Will you buy these?"—I said, "No, I will have nothing to do them"—the other man said, "There is a couple of dozen"—the prisoner said, "No, there is one dozen"—the prisoner then asked me to lend him 10s. on the watch, and 5s. on the spoons—I said, I was not a pawnbroker-finding I would not purchase them, he went outside, and the prosecutor came and took him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I went to his house on Saturday night, the 14th of July, as he requested me to go, to put up a shelf for him—I took an Acquaintance with me named Jennings—I thought my wife was there, but she was not—my friend sat down in my company for five or six minutes—I said, "You wait here till I go into Crawford-street to see if I can see my wife or her mother"—I could not find her, and returned in five minutes—I then left with him—he took me to several public-houses—I got nearly but of my senses with drink—I found myself in the morning in a coffee-shop—he asked me where he could exchange some goods he had for clothes—I asked where they were—he said if I would wait there he would fetch them—he came back in half-an-hour, and brought me the things—he said, "Do you know where I can exchange the things?"—I said, I did not, except the Jews would do it, as it was Sunday morning—I went into a Jew's shop and asked him if he would deal with me—he would have nothing to do with the things, and I came out of the shop—I do not know how the things came out of the house, so help me God.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.
