



134. 




MARGARET PAINTER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of October, 2 half-crowns, 1 shilling, and 2 sixpences, of 



Ellen Carr.






ELLEN CARR
. I am an unfortunate girl—on the 28th of October, a gentleman charged me with robbing him of his watch and seals—he gave me to an officer—I was taken to Bunhill-row station—the watch was not found—there was no truth in that charge—I had not seen his watch—I was detained all night at the station—I was searched by Mrs. Ryan—she found on me two half-crowns, one shilling, and two sixpences, and they were returned to me by the inspector—I tied them in my handkerchief, which I had in my hand when I was taken to the lock-up place—I had been crying very much, and I fell asleep—I cannot say whether I put my handkerchief in my bosom, or on the bench—the prisoner was locked up in the same cell—I awoke early in the morning—when the officer came to the lock-up place, I told him I was very thirsty, would he get me a pint of beer—lie said a cup of tea or coffee would do me more good—I said I could not drink it—the prisoner then said I could have a drop of water—the officer brought some, and I drank it—I then sat down, and missed my handkerchief and money—I asked the prisoner if she had seen it, she said she had not—I called the officer, and told him—the prisoner was taken and searched—the said she had but one pocket, and had no money.





MARY RYAN
. I searched the prosecutrix, who was brought on a charge of felony—I found on her two half-crowns, one shilling, and two sixpences—the inspector gave them to her again—the next morning I searched the prisoner, and found on her one half-crown, one shilling, and one sixpence, in a pocket which she wore across her breast.





RICHARD BURLEY
. I am a police constable. I was at the station—the prosecutrix called me, and said she had lost her money—I got the inspector, and we looked round the cell, but could not find it—we took the two women into the station—I was going to search the prisoner, she said, "I will pull my pocket out," and she gave me one pocket, in which I found one half-crown, and one sixpence—she said she had no more pockets, but Mrs. Ryan found the rest of the money on her—I then went to the cell, and found the prosecutrix's handkerchief, in which the money had been, tucked close behind the seat of the water-closet.





ELLEN CARR
. This is my handkerchief—I had torn a piece off it the night before.

Prisoner's Defence. She had been on the side of the cell where the handkerchief was found—a mob had annoyed me that evening, and, when I complained of it, the officer took me to the station.




GUILTY
. Aged 35. 


Transported for Seven Years.
