



704. 




ELIZA HAID
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
15th of January, 4 sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, 1 shilling, and 3 sixpences, the monies of 



Dennis White.







DENNIS WHITE
. I am a labourer, and work at the feather business. On the 15th of January, I met the prisoner in Went worth-street, Whitechapel, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night—I had been drinking, but I knew very well what I was about—the prisoner asked me to go home with her—I said I would not, but she kept asking me, and I went with her—I gave her two sixpences, and was to stay with her a short time, but not all night—when I went to the room, she lighted a candle, then she put it out, and lit it again, and then she blew it out again—I took off my trowsers when I went to bed, and I then had in my trowsers' pocket four sovereigns, some half-crowns, some shillings and sixpences—my mother had died, and left it to my elder brother, and he died, and left it to me, I had no other place to keep it in—when the candle was put out the second time, I heard some money rattle, and my clothes drop on the floor—the prisoner went out of the room—I got up, felt my clothes, and the money was gone—she ran out, and I went out into the street half-naked, and told the policeman—she was taken in three or four minutes—I am sure she is the person.





ALLEN PIPE
 (police-constable H 51.) I saw the prisoner come out of the house—she ran past me—seeing her half-dressed I said, "Where are you going?"—she said, "Home"—I stood and watched at the end of the court, and in two or three minutes the prosecutor came out and told me the story he has to-day—I said, "Is it a girl with carroty hair?"—he said "Yes"—I then went to the court the prisoner went into, and into the house, No. 11—I there found the prisoner in the top passage, concealed in a corner of the landing—I asked what she was doing there—she made but little answer—I said, where was the man's money—she said, "I have got no money," but I saw her left-hand was shut, and I took from it two half-crowns and two half-pence—at the station-house I found two sixpences on her, and one sixpence was found in the room.

Prisoner's Defence. I went home with him, and he gave me two sixpences—I said I would not stop with him for that, and he gave me two half-crowns—I went to bed with him, but I could not stop—I got up, put on part of my things and went away—I told the policeman I had no money but what the man gave me—the policeman saw my stays on the table and my shawl, so that I did not intend to leave the room.




GUILTY
.* Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
