





1630. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MELSOM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of August
, 1 time-piece, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Stillman
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 parasol, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Stillman
                  



               
            .


                  CATHERINE 
                  STILLMAN
               



            . I am the daughter of Thomas Stillman, a furniture-broker
, who lives in Duncan-place


. This time-piece was near the window on the 24th of August- as I came down stairs I saw the prisoner going off the step of the door with it in his hand; I pursued about a hundred yards, calling Stop thief! I then lost sight of him as he put it down, and ran away - I took it up, and returned home; the Policeman brought him back soon after - I did not see his face, but have not a doubt of him; he was the same size, and wore the same dress - the parasol laid on a side-board in the passage.


                  HENRY 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I am a baker. I saw the prisoner about twenty yards from the prosecutor's door, with a time piece and a parasol in his hand - he ran away, I followed, saw him drop the time-piece, and did not lose sight of him till he was taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAMBERT
               



            . I am a Policeman. I saw the prisoner lay down the parasol on the pathway - I pursued, and never lost sight of him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he was walking with a boy, who on hearing the alarm, threw the articles at his feet, and ran away, but that they were never in his possession.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 12. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
