



1442. 




EDWARD LINCOLN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of April, 1 writing-case, value 20s.; 1 umbrella, value 10s.; 1 key, value 6d.; and 1 ink-stand, value 1s.; the goods of 




Sir Culling Eardley Smith Bart.—2nd COUNT, for stealing a paper case.—3rd COUNT, stating it to be a portfolio.—4th Count, stating it to be a sofflet.



MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






SIR CULLING EARDLEY SMITH, BART
. I live in Grosvenor-place. On the 3rd of April, I took a ca in Oxford-street, at the corner of Tottenham-court-road, to go to my residence—I had this writing-case with me, and the inkstand and key in it, and an umbrella—my name is in full length on the case—I was driven to my residence—I did not take my things in with me, but forgot them—I had various papers and letters in the case—it was

not cut open then—it was locked up—I have not recovered my umbrella.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRICE. Q. Is this the key of the case? A. No, it was in the case—the prisoner was indicted yesterday for stealing this Lame article under another name—the things produced were in the case—I never saw the case again till it was produced by the policeman some con-siderable time after.





SAMUEL HUGHES
. I am a police-inspector. In consequence of information, I went to No. 2, Crown-court, Liquorpond-street, on Saturday morning, the 12th of May—I waited, and saw the prisoner at half-past two o'clock—I called him by name, and said, "Do you remember taking up a fare at the corner of Tottenham-court-road and Oxford-street, which you set down at No. 35, Grosvenor-place?"—he said, "No"—I then said, "I want you for stealing a writing-desk and umbrella which was left in the cab on that occasion"—he shook his head, and said, "No"—I asked him for the key of the room—he produced it, and unlocked the door—I went up stairs with him to his room—he produced a box, which he said was his; and in it I found this case cut as it is now—there were about twenty letters and memorandums in it, which I returned to Sir Culling—after taking the case out I said, "Where is the umbrella?"—he said he did not know—he said there was an old one in the cupboard on the stairs—but I could not find one—he then said, that after he set down Sir Culling he took another gentleman to Pimlico, who said, "Here are these things in the cab"—the prisoner said, "Yes, there is an umbrella too;" and the gentleman said, "No, there is only this one, which is mine."

Cross-examined. Q. Was the prisoner drank or sober? A. He had been drinking, but he was not drunk—I consider he was perfectly sober—I said to him first, "I want you for stealing a writing-desk and umbrella which was left in your cab"—I mentioned Sir Culling Smith's name, but I think not more than once—he then said, "Well, it is there."

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did he in any way account to you for having it cut open? A. Yes—he asked me what I thought he should get, I said, I did not know, it was a foolish thing for him not to take it to the Stamp office—he said, he could not take it to the Stamp office after cutting it—those were the very words he used.





RICHARD DAVIS
. I am a cab proprietor. The prisoner was in my employ for seven or eight months, up to the time he was taken—he was driving for me on the 3rd of April.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
