




1106. 




WILLIAM JAMES
 and 




HENRY TAYLOR
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
1st of April, 34 yards of cloth, called buckskin, value 7l. 10s.; and one canvass wrapper, value If.; the goods of 



John Underwood Coy; and that 



William James had been before convicted of felony.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS MATTINSON
. I am foreman to James Underwood Coy, a woollen warehouseman in Wood-street Cheapside. On the 1st of April I made up a parcel of thirty-four yards and a quarter of buckskin, in a wrapper, which had a ticket outside with the name and direction—I took it to Kenworthy's man, and saw him put it into the middle of the wagon, about eight o'clock, between two bags of wool, so that it could not fall out—the bags were about six feet long—he lifted up his wrapper, laid the piece of goods in between, and laid the wrapper on it—it was impossible it could have fallen out.

Cross-examined by
MR. STURGEON. Q. How High were these bags? A. I suppose about six feet—there was a place between the two bags of wool—it was about two feet or more from the side—it was impossible the parcel could have fallen out.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. What was the height of the wagon? A. About six feet or better—it was about eight o'clock—it was opposite the light of the watch-house.





JOHN ROCK
. I am a wagoner in the employ of Messrs. Kenworthy. On the 1st of April I received from Mattinson a parcel to take to Messrs. Howitt's in Holborn—I placed it between two bags of wool, and a heavy woollen blanket was placed over it to keep the water off—I am certain it could not have got out itself—when I got to Holborn the blanket was turned back and the parcel gone—that could not have happened accidentally—I received the parcel at the bottom of Love-lane—I went up Aldermanbury, and turned into Cateaton-street, and up Milk-street into Cheapside.

Cross-examined by
MR. STURGEON. Was not this a very windy day? A. No—I have never had the blanket blown up with the wind—it is not liable to fall off—wool is a very steady cargo—it could not fall out behind—it was on the front, slid under the two ropes, and the blanket as well.


Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. What height was it from the ground to the top of the load? A. Fourteen or fifteen feet—I had four horses.

MR. DOANE. Q. What part of the wagon were you at? A. I was behind with the third horse—my fellow servant was with the first horse—I was not behind the wagon.





JAMES CUTHBERT
. About eight o'clock at night on the 1st of April I was in Gutter-lane, and saw the prisoner Taylor carrying this bundle under his arm—there were two persons with him that I knew—they might have been about a quarter of a yard from him—not more—I followed him into St. Ann's-lane, near the post-office—James was one of the other persons with him—when I got into St. Ann's-lane I collared Taylor, and he dropped the cloth, struck me right and left as bard as he could, and tried to get away—I called for assistance, and Rawlinson came—he picked up the parcel—I was obliged to take Taylor in a coach—I have got the invoice that was under the string of the parcel. On Friday morning the 7th, about half-past seven o'clock, I saw James in Watling-street, in company with two others—I spoke to a man of the name of Jay—I saw that James was watching me, and I followed him—he ran into St. Paul's churchyard—I overtook him just by the school—as he went under the piazza he drew this life-preserver, and flourished it about at me, which prevented my getting at him—I ultimately got him into custody by calling out.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. What time was it you saw Taylor with the parcel? A. As near as I can tell, about eight o'clock—within a quarter before and a quarter after eight o'clock—it was not dark when I first saw them—they were directly opposite a fishmonger's in Lawrence-lane—St. Ann's-lane is on the side of the pott-office—when I first saw them there was a light from Gordon's, the fishmonger—only Taylor was carrying the parcel—I was standing on the pavement as they passed along the road—they passed rather quickly—I do not know what became of the other two—they were all going one way—I do not know when they parted company—directly I took Taylor I saw no more of the other two—about three minutes elapsed from the time of my first seeing Taylor, till I stopped him—the other three were in sight from the corner of Gutter-lane up St. Ann's-lane—they might have been two minutes in my sight—it was about six days after that I saw James—I did not speak to him when I saw him—I stood a minute to satisfy myself that it was him—I had no doubt of him—I knew him well previously.

COURT. Q. On the Saturday evening, and before that, had you known the person of James? A. Yes, well—he was one of the persons that were there.





JOHN RAWLINSON
. I am a carman, and live in Bread-street On the lst of April, I was standing in Gutter-lane, and Cuthbert asked me to come and assist him—we followed the prisoners from Gutter-lane to St. Ann's-lane—two men followed Taylor to St. Ann's-lane—Cuthbert seized Taylor, and he dropped the parcel—I took it up—I believe James was one of the men, but I should not like to swear to him.





WILLIAM DEVOLL
. I am a fruiterer in Great Distaff-lane. On Friday morning, the 7th, I heard a cry of "Stop thief"—went I out, and saw James running down the street—I tried to take him, and he struck me twice on the side of the face with this weapon—I caught hold of him, or I must have fallen—it was a violent blow—my mouth was full of blood—it is so bad now that I cannot eat on that side.






JOHN GAT
. I am one of the Ward-patrols. On Friday morning my attention was directed by Cuthbert to some men—the prisoner James was one—at that time I was in Watling-street—James went to the corner of St. Paul's-churchyard, and looked back—then he ran on—he turned back, and went down Watling-street into Distaff-lane, where he was captured.





JOHN UNDERWOOD COY
. This is my property—it is worth 7l. 10s.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Had you received the order from a person in Holborn? A. My warehouseman told it to him on Saturday—I had been in the habit of sending him small parcels before—he did not direct me to send it by that wagon, but we invariably did so.

MR. JONES
called






EDWARD BARTON
. I live in Titchborne-court, Holborn, and am a tailor. I know the prisoner James by seeing him frequent the same house I do on Saturday night, the first of April, I was in the public-house opposite Norfolk-street, Strand—I went in a quarter before six o'clock—James was there, in the back parlour, drinking with a stout person—I remained there till near ten o'clock—I went out once for convenience, but was absent only three or four minutes—when I came back, I found James still there—he might have gone out for a minute or two, but not more—he was not out of my sight as much as five minutes after six o'clock—I left him there about ten o'clock.

MR. DOANE. Q. Are you a master-tailor? A. Yes, in a little way, and have been so for twelve years, except a few weeks—I have been in Titchborne-court about three months—I was in Landsdowne-mews two yean—I have been in Whitecross-street prison for debt—I have been in the House of Correction, and not to my own discredit—I was prosecuted, and got several respectable persons in Court that knew me well—it was for a misdemeanor—I recollect something about a coat, and the prosecutor is in Court that can prove I was innocent—I was charged with stealing a coat, but was not tried—I was examined at Bow-street—it was between me and an acquaintance—I was sent to the House of Correction, but not for that—I was charged with an exposure—I was there three months, and this person who was committed with me, is the person you allude to about the coat—to the best of my knowledge, I was never in any other prison—I have been in several, but not confined—I was confined once more—There were six or seven persons in this public-house—Taylor was not there—I knew James by using the house about a month or five weeks—I have drank with him once or twice—he is no companion of mine—I believe we did, one night, have some half-and-half; but not more than once or twice—I should think that is about a fortnight or three weeks ago.

Q. Did you drink with James that night? A. I did not—I was drinking by myself—I believe there is some one else here who was there that night, but I do not know his name—I have seen him there about as often as I have James, about once or twice a week—he was in the house when I went in, at six o'clock—I left him there sitting on the opposite side—he did not drink with James, nor with me—he did not talk to me—I might have said a word or two to him—my attention was not particu larly directed to that evening—I am in the habit of being there on Saturday night—James' father came to me, and subpœnaed me—I never saw his father before—this case was named one Saturday night at the house, and my direction was asked—several persons talked about it—the other person who is to give evidence was there, and it was agreed we should come together—

I deal in cloth, and have laid out some hundreds of pounds with the person that this was going to.

MR. JONES. Q. You say that you were taken for the other offence before this charge of the coat? A. Yes—I am known to Messrs. Howitt and Everitt—it is with them I have laid out hundreds of pounds.

COURT. Q. What was the name of this public-house? A. think it is the Angel and Crown, or the Angel and Sun—I go there every Saturday night—I do not know where Gutter-lane is—I know it is in the City—I know where Aldermanbury is.





THOMAS KIRBT
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner James's former conviction of felony which I got from Mr. Clarke's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man.

JAMES—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—




Transported for Life.


TAYLOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—




Transported for Seven Years.

