



2106. 



JAMES DAVIS
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of March, 1 coat, value 3l.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; 1 pencil-case, value 10s.; 1 handkerchief, value 10s.; and 1 knife, value 2s.; the goods of 



George Skipper.






GEORGE SKIPPER
. I am in the employ of Mr. Hansard, a printer—on the 22nd of March I hung up, behind the reading-room door, a rifle-green coat and a waistcoat—there was a handkerchief and a pocket-book in the coat-pocket, and a silver pencil-case in the waistcoat—I saw them safe at five o'clock in the evening, and missed them at eight o'clock—this is my coat—it is worth about 3l.—this is ray handkerchief, and knife, and pencil-case—the waistcoat has not been found.





FRANCIS HORATIO BEAMS
. I am a reading-boy in the service of Mr. Hansard, of Paternoster-row—about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, on the 22nd of March, I was going down stairs, and saw the prisoner going up the second flight, by the side of the reading room—he was putting his hand on the handle to go into the governor's room—I said, "Who do you want?"—he said, "The overseer"—I said, "You must come into this room"—I opened the reading-room door—I went and told Mr. Skipper, the overseer, who was then washing his hands—I was not absent more than two or three minutes—when I came back the reading-room was open, and the prisoner gone—in about twenty minutes I heard that the prosecutor had lost his clothes.





WILLIAM CLOAKE
. I am a pawnbroker—I produce this coat, which was pawned at our shop.






HENRY HANCOCK
. I am in the service of a pawnbroker—I have a pencil-case, pawned on the 23rd of March.





HENKY HALES
. I am in the service of a pawnbroker—I produce this handkerchief and penknife, pawned at our shop.





JAMES HAYWARD
 (police-constable G 212.) I produce the duplicates of these articles, which I found in a pocket-book the prisoner handed over to me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years longer.
(There were seven other indictments against the prisoner.)
