



1972. 




RICHARD SUMMERS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of July, 1 jacket, value 10s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 7 half-crowns, and 6 shillings; the goods and monies of 




John Smith.






JOHN SMITH
. I am a seaman, and belong to the ship David Lyon. On Thursday, the 28th of July, I met the prisoner and another in a public-house—I gave them two or three pots of beer; they proposed to go altogether to bathe in the Cut—we all three went—I stripped off my clothes to bathe—the prisoner went in first—I left my clothes on the ground—I had got change of a sovereign at the public-house—the prisoner might have seen that—I had 16s. or 17s. and more—I had six or seven half crowns, and six or seven shillings—the prisoner came out of the water about ten minutes before me—then he and the other dressed, and when I came out of the water, they were gone—I came to my clothes, and missed my jacket, and handkerchief, and money—it was a yellow and red Belcher handkerchief—I had bought it new that day, and the jacket too—I have seen neither of them since—I went to the police and told them of it—the prisoner was taken in about an hour after—I am quite sure the prisoner was one of the persons—I know his face—I have lost all my property—a boy had told me something.





THOMAS RUGG
. I am eleven years old, and live with my father. I remember on this Thursday being near the Cut—I saw the prisoner there—he went in to swim, and then he came out, about ten minutes before the prosecutor—he went to the prosecutor's trowsers pocket, and took out something that appeared to me like silver, and a Belcher silk handker chief, red and yellow—he put it into his own pocket—there was another with the prisoner that went away—I saw the same sort of handkerchief hanging out of the prisoner's pocket—I told Smith of this—I am sure the prisoner is the person.





WILLIAM WARD
. I was down by the water in a field. I saw the prisoner walking along with another person—I saw them run after they had taken the things—the prisoner had a red and yellow handkerchief.





GEORGE WILLIAM GRAVES
 (police-constable K 233.) I apprehended the prisoner in a public-house, in High-street, Shadwell, about an hour after the robbery—when I got him into the street, I told him what I wanted him for—he said he had not been out of the Highway the whole of the day, and he did not rise before twelve o'clock—I took him between six and seven o'clock in the evening.


Prisoner. I was taken ill and did not get up till twelve o'clock, and then I went down Ratcliffe Highway—the policeman came and took me—I told him where I had been all day.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
