



2048. 




JOHN BOYD
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th September. 1 plane, value 8s., the goods of 



William Heiron; and I saw, value 3s. the goods of 



James Virtue.






WILLIAM HEIRON
. I lodge in Russell-square, Bloomsbury. The house has been under repair the last five years. Mr. Henry Budd is the proprietor—on Monday, the 5th of September, I was in No. 22, Woburn-place—I met the prisoner coming out—he said, "Can you give me a job?"—I said, "You rascal, you do not want a job, you have been at one, "—I had seen this plough, which is mine, fall at his feet, about two yards before I got to him—I had been working at the house, and said I would search him—he then drew back to the bench, and drew this saw out, which was James Virtue's.

Prisoner. Q. Is it possible that I could conceal this plough under this coat? A. Yes did; your hands were down; you pulled this saw from the back of your coat, and laid it on my bench.





JAMES VIRTUE
. I live at No. 2, Chapel-place, St. Pancras, and am a carpenter—I was working with this witness—we were going into the passage together and half-way through we saw the prisoner, in the middle of the

parlour door—Heiron went up to him, and saw the plane fall from him—I saw it at his feet—he asked for a job—Heiron said, "You rascal, you do not want a job, you have been at one"—he then drew this saw from under the left side of his coat.





THOMAS MIDDLETON
 (police-constable E 60.) I was sent for to take the prisoner. I produce the saw and plough.

Prisoner. I was pulled about, and threatened to be thrown down a well, and expected to be served so every minute—I knew nothing of the tools—I was going past the place, and asked this man for a job—a few minutes before, I saw a boy go in, and walk up stairs—I went, and then were no workmen there—I was coming out, and met these two men—one swore I had the saw at my back, the other at my left side.

JURY
to W. HEIRON. Q. Had you been at work with the plough on the floor? A. My young man had, and I saw him put it on the bench when he had done, using it—I said to him, "James, I want you to come and turn the stone, "but for that I might have been mistaken; but if I was not certain, I should not have spoken so positively.

JURY
to J. VIRTUE. Q. How long after you followed the other witness into the house did he take the saw from him? A. Not five minutes, I can swear.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
