



1630. 




JAMES WILEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of May, at 
Clapham, I gelding, price 5l. the property of 



John Kirby.






JOHN KIRBY
. I live at Balaam-hill, Streatham. In May last I had brown gelding—I sent it to be shod on Tuesday, the 31st, by my lad, to Page, the farrier, and it was then turned on Clapham Common—my lad is not here—I generally kept it in my stable, but when it is not work it goes on the Common for an hour or two, and generally comes homes of itself in the evening—it was to be turned on the common after it was shod—I did not see it again till the following Tuesday, when I saw it is a cab down at my place—it was the same horse—I gave two guineas reward for bringing it home—the value of the horse is 5l.,—I gave 10l. for it twelve or fourteen years ago.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Do you mean to say could get 5l. for it? A. Yes—it is an old horse—it would sell in Smithfield for 5l.—it was sent at twelve o'clock to he shod.





RICHARD THORNTON
. I live at Clapham. I have known the prosecutor for years, and know his horse—I saw it on the 31st of May, about

a quarter before nine o'clock in the evening, on Clapham Common, at the top of the Common gate, by Mr. Beacket's—I saw it attempt to drink at the pool—some boys were fishing there, and they drove it away—he made another attempt—that was all saw.

Cross-examined Q. Was that near the road? A. Not a hundred yards from it.





HENRY PAGE
. I am a farrier. I should the horse—it was brought to me about twelve o'clock, on the 31st by the prosecutor's lad and he took it away about three o'clock—I saw it again about a quarter before ten o'clock that evening, going along past the yard leading to my house—I live a little way down the lane, near the Bedford Arms—there was a man on it, with a halter—it was on the road towards London—I do not know who the man was—I only saw his back—I bad known the horse for twelve of fourteen years, having been in the habit of shoeing him—I am quite sure it was the same horse.

Cross-examined Q. Was it a light night? A. Not very—it was not a tall stout man on the horse—it was a slight man, I should say—I only had him in view as he passed, for a minute or two, and saw it was the prosecutor's horse—I thought there was something the matter with his other horse, and he had sent for this to fetch his cart.





ROBERT FAWCET
. I am one of the toll-collectors at Kennington-gate, I know Kirby's horse perfectly well—I saw it on the evening of the 31st of May, about ten o'clock, pass through the gate towards London—there was a man riding it—I could not tell whether he had a saddle, bridle, or halter, or not—I do not know who the man was.

Cross-examined Q. He paid the toll, suppose? A. Not to me, but to my fellow-servant—there are three lamps at the toll-house—I should not think he could see his features, unless he had occasion to take notice of him—it was very light—if I liked to looked at a man's face I could see it very well—the man who took the toll was at the gate—he has never been examined—I told the Magistrate that another man had received the toll from him, but that he knew no more of it than I did.





SAMUEL EKINS
. I am servant to Mr. Clark in Brand-yard, Drummond-street, Euston-square—Mrs. Theobalds, his sister, lives with him. On the night of the 31st of May, between ten and eleven o'clock my mistress desired me to go down to let somebody in—I went found the prisoner there, on a horse—I knew him before—he had a bridle, but no saddle—I asked him what he had got, a donkey or a jackass—he said, "Why, I have got a horse"—I took him into the stable—he said, "I brought it for Charley," meaning my master; "I brought it for him to work till I get my license"—he wanted a cab license—he asked me what I thought of it—I looked at the horse's mouth, and said, "It is a very old one," and would not do him much good—that was all that passed—I put the horse in the stable for the night—Mr. Clark used him next morning in his cab—I think he used about four times—he took him our last Monday week, and did not came home till Tuesday afternoon, and the horse never came back—it was the same horse as Wiley brought.

Cross-examined Q. Was it not on Wednesday night all this took place? A. No; Tuesday—I have always said it was Tuesday—I was not at the police-office when the prisoner made a statement—the 31st was on a Tuesday—it was the last day of May—I know that by looking at the almanack—I looked at it a day or two after the horse was stolen—I had not seen a handbill describing as lost on the 31st of May, before I looked at

the almanack—I heard it was lost on the 31st of May, before I looked at the almanack—I said the horse was brought to me on the Tuesday before, I looked, to make sure of it—I have known the prisoner about eighteen months—he has been a cab-man, and had a license of his own, and has got one now, I believe—he lived in London Mews—I did not know where to direct the officers to find him—I cannot tell where he kept his cab—I drove for Clark—Clark did not want a cab-horse—the horse went out about four times—it was always in the night—our can works in the day as well as sight, but it was a shabby-looking horse—it did not go out every night—it was in our possession seven or eight days—it was found on Tuesday morning.





MARY THEOBALD
. I am Clark's sister, and live in Brand's-yard. I have known the prisoner two years—I recollect his bringing the horse to our place on Tuesday evening, the 31st of May, between ten and eleven o'clock—he asked me to let him leave it there—he had brought it for my brother to work till he got his number—I asked Ekins to take it into the stable—I recollect it was Tuesday, the 31st of May, because my brother took it out on the 1st of June, at night—I am sure of that—I saw the horse the night it came, but did not see the colour till next morning—the prisoner asked me what I supposed he gave for it—I said, "About 5l."—he said he gave 6l. that was the night he left it.

Cross-examined Q. I suppose you did not believe him when he said he gave 6l.? A. I did give it a thought—my brother always works at night, and the man in the morning—I was not before the Magistrate when the prisoner said any thing—I was at Union-hall last Friday about it—I was the first that was called in—I did not hear the other witness say it was Tuesday—the horse went out again on Thursday night Saturday night, and Monday night—I know that, because we put it down—my brother only keeps two horses.





CHARLES CLARK
. I am a cab-man. I first saw the horse on Wednesday morning, the 1st of June in my stable, between eight and nine o'clock—I used him in my cab—on the following Monday night I had it in my cab, and drove a person to Clapham—they told me to stop against Kirby's house; and Kirby came out, claimed the horse, and gave me in charge—I gave it up after he swore to it.

Cross-examined Q. Did not Kirby tell you when he had lost his horse? A. He said he lost it that day week—I was out when it came to my stable.





RICHARD GOLDING
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on Tuesday, the 7th of June, in Euston-mews, Euston-square—I told him it was for a horse stolen from Clapham-common on the 31st of last May—he said, "I bought the horse"—I asked him. "When?—he said, "On Thursday, the 2nd of this month, and gave 3l. 10s. for it"—I asked what he did in the evening when he bought it—he said he took it to Clark's stable—I took him into custody.

Cross-examined Q. You found him where he had his cab? A. Not that I know of—he was cleaning horses—I had information from Clark, that if I went to Drummond-crescent, I should find him; but I did not find him there—I went to the stable, and saw him rubbing horses down—I said to him, "Does a man named Wiley live here?—he said, "Do you want him?"—I said, "Yes"—he put his coat on, and said, "I will go and find him"—it was what I heard at Drummond-crescent that took me to where I found the prisoner—I am sure the word "Thursday" was

mentioned in bringing him to the station-house at Clapham—nobody was present—this was on Tuesday—he said he took it to Clark's the night he bought it, and he said he bought it on Thursday—I was particular in asking him whether it was Thursday or Tuesday—he said he bought it of a man at Cow-cross, who gave his name as Jones.

Prisoner's Defence I bought the horse the horse in Cow-cross, for 3l. 10s., of a a little man, on Wednesday week last.
(Thomas Price, tea-street, Dorset-square; William Diggins, corn-chandler, Brewer-street, Somers-town; and William Burdett, cab-man, Grevill-street, Somers-town, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

