





1478. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     POOLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, 1 coat, value 50s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Bradfield
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  BARKER
               



            . I am servant to the Rev. Mr. Baker, of Old Brompton


. On the 5th of October, I opened the pantry door accidentally, and there I saw theprisoner - he must have come in at the window which was open - he could not have gone in at the door, as that is close to the kitchen door, and he must have been seen if he had come in there - I saw him with the footman's coat on his arm - I cried out "Thief," and he got out of the window and ran out at the gate and I after him, calling "Thief," and then the coachman pursued him - I did not see him taken - I had seen the coat safe only a few minutes before he took it.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. I take it for granted the man was an old acquaintance of yours? A. No; I never saw him before - it was about eleven in the morning - I was looking at him for about a minute - I cannot think that I can be mistaken in his person - his face was towards me - my sight is very good; he was between the window and the place he took the coat from - he had the coat on his arm and bent his head down till he got out of the window - I cannot tell how many seconds there are in a minute; I know there are fifteen minutes in a quarter of an hour - he had a black handkerchief on; the coat he had on was a green one - and a dark waistcoat - this coat was found just outside the window which he got out at - I could always distinguish one person from another - I was not frightened when I first saw the man, but I was afterwards - it startled me when he got out of the window - I cannot be mistaken in his person.


                  HENRY 
                  ALLEN
               



            . I live at No. 6, Wilson-place, Little Chelsea, and am a gardener; I was at work that morning; and heard Edward Bradfield call out "Stop thief" - I saw the prisoner running in a stooping form in Thistle-grove; I saw him throw something over the hedge - I then opened my master's garden gate and took him - I gave him to the prosecutor - the coachman and I went over the hedge and found these silver spoons - I am sure the prisoner is the man.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not see him come from the prosecutor's house? A. No; I only saw the coachman running, because I turned to the left - there might be other persons running - I had never seen the prisoner before - I found nothing on him.


                  THOMAS 
                  PRICE
               



            . (police-constable T 65.) I was at the station-house at Kensington; I took charge of the prisoner from the coachman.


                  EDWARD 
                  BRADFIELD
               



            . I am coachman
 to the Rev. Mr. Baker. On the 5th of October, I heard the cry of"Stop thief" I ran towards the gate and saw Barker; she told me the man had gone running down the walk - I ran down and saw the prisoner about half way down, come up a turning, I called; "Stop thief," he then ran in a bending form as if he had been doubling something up - this is my son's coat; I paid for it - Barker picked it up.
Cross-examined. Q. You know nothing of the prisoner being on the premises? A. No; my son is fourteen years of age; he is in the service of the same master as I am - I find him in clothes, and he sleeps at home; his master finds him in food.


                  SARAH 
                  BARKER
               



            . I picked up the coat just outside the window which the prisoner got out of.


                  THOMAS 
                  BRADFIELD
               



            . This is my coat, my father bought it for me; I had seen it safe that morning.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to Fulham after work- I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and ran as other persons did.


                  William 
                  Fletcher
               



            , of No. 13, Collingwood-street, gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
