





475. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of February
, 1 coat, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     McCallan
                  




               
            .
ROBERT McCALLAN. I am a tailor
, and live in King-street, Covent-garden


. This coat was not taken out of my house, but I heard my sister cry out Thief! I ran out of my back parlour, and the passage door being open, I went into the street, and turned to the right - I saw the prisoner running down New-street; I cried Stop thief! and the Policeman brought him back - the coat was one I use for the gig; it was never out of the passage.


                  ANN 
                  McCALLAN
               



            . I am the prosecutor's sister. About one o'clock on the day in question I was coming down stairs, and saw the prisoner in the passage - he took the coat from the peg, put it on his arm, and was walking out- I took hold of his arm; he said, "I beg your pardon;" and gave me the coat - he was quite a stranger.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Had you seen it in the passage? A. Yes, about ten minutes before; I had not heard any knocking - the door was open; a cart was at the door, and some persons were taking goods from the house - the prisoner did not ask me for a person named Bennett; the carter was standing by the cart, which was directly before the door - there were two chairs in the passage - there was no clothes on either of them; he did not take the coat up and place it on the chair - I saw him take it from the peg, and said, "What are you doing?"he said, "I beg your pardon;" he did not make any resistance; I cried Stop thief!


                  PATRICK 
                  RONAYNE
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner running; I pursued, took him, and brought him back - he had got three or four hundred yards from the house.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. On the 11th of February I returned from Bristol - a journeyman tailor had lodged with my mother, and she said she was directed to go to the White Horse, Carnaby-market, to find him; I went there and was informed that the likeliest place to find him was at the prosecutor's - I went there, and saw two chairs near the passage door, with a coat or a cloak on them; I did not touch them, but I saw something at the end of the passage; I took it up, thinking it fell from a chair, and replaced it - this lady came down, and screamed out; I was alarmed, and ran out.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
