




2567. 




ALLEN PICKERING
 was again indicted for

stealing, on the 
10th of August, 1 basket, value 1s.; 1 screw, value 1s.; 2 metal cocks, value 2s.; 2 bags, value 1s.; and 90lbs. weight of brass, value 2l., the goods of 



John Warner and others, his masters; and 




GODFREY PHILLIPS



, for felniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been, stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MESSRS. BODKIN and CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD WARD
. I am warehouseman in the service of Messrs. Warner. On the 19th of August, I went to the house of the prisoner Phillips, and saw three bags of metal on the floor—I think one of them, and a basket, was emptied on the floor before me—amongst the articles I found this screw belonging to the hose of a fire-engine, this large brass cock, and this small brass cock—I can swear this screw and this large brass cock belong to Messrs. Warner—I think I saw them in their counting-house about three weeks before I found them—they were passed down to the old metal warehouse, where Pickering was employed.





DENNIS POWER
 (police-sergeant H 18.) I was on duty in Well-street on the 17th of August, and saw the cab draw up in which Pickering was—I saw him get out, and found a basket of metal in the cab—I know the house occupied by Phillips—the business of marine stores is carried on there—the house was closed that day, being his Sabbath—the windows were open—when the cab stopped, Phillips came to the door of his house, while

Pickering was in the act of getting out of the cab—I then took Pickering into custody—I said to Phillips, "Are you in the habit of buying brass of this man?"—he said, "No, I never bought any thing of him" Pickering immediately replied, "Yes, you have"—Phillips then said, "Yes, about six months ago I did; I only bought once"—I then asked Phillips if he knew Pickering—he said no, he did not—I took Pickering to the station-house, and left Conway in charge of Phillips's house—after I left Pickering at the station-house, I returned to Phillips's house, and found him there—he said he had only bought brass from Pickering once, and of that he had made an entry in his book, about six months ago—I demanded to see the book, and he produced it himself—this is it—he said, "There is only one entry in the book"—he opened it, and presented it to me where the entry was—I cannot be confident whether it was the entry of the 7th of March, or the 2nd of May that he showed me, but I believe it was the 7th of March—on that day here is, "Bought of Mr. Pickering, 2qrs, of pot—metal, at 5d. per lb., 1l. 3s. 4d."—I examined the book, and found nine other entries in it—the first entry was on the 23rd of October, 1838, "Bought of Mr. Pickering, 2qrs. 8lbs. of pot-metal, 1l. 9s. 4d. "on finding that, I said to Phillips, "He has been here before?"—he said he was not aware of that—I looked further, and found another entry on the 27th of November—I pointed that out to him, and his son, who was sitting along tide of him at the table, nudged his elbow—I pointed out the other entries, and then he said he was not aware he had been there so often—the last entry was on the 2nd of May—I went to Messrs. Warner's, in Jewincrescent—I was gone an hour and a half or two hours—I had left no one at Phillips's premises—I went back accompanied by Mr. Bass—I found Phillips at home—I had before I went away noticed a basket in his frontshop similar to the one I took in the cab—I directed Mr. Bass to look at the contents of that basket, which I put out on the floor—be identified it it as Messrs. Warner's property—I then found another basket in the same front shop, with a quantity of yellow brass in it—I produced that to Mr. Bass, and he said, "That is ours," pointing to some articles in it—I then told Phillips to consider himself in custody—I then went into a back ware-house, and found six baskets there—they did not contain any thing, but they were the same sort of baskets as the other, and were identified by Mr. Bass—I went into another warehouse, and found five other baskets—I said to Phillips, "Are these all the baskets you have got"—he said, "Yes, these are all I had from Pickering"—I then took him to the station-house, and left an officer in charge of the shop—I went there again on the Monday after with Mr. Ward, and found other metal which he claimed—I took the two prisoners in a hackney-coach to the office, and in going along, Phillips addressed himself to Pickering, and said he had told him he was recommended by some person in the employ of Messrs. Glascott—Pickering said he did not—Phillips then said, "I paid you 6d. a piece for each of the baskets, besides paying you for the brass"—Pickering said he did not—Phillips repeated the words, "I did pay you 6d. for each of them"—Pickering shook his head—these are the baskets and the metal which I found there.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long have you been in the H division of the police force? A. About three years, since I joined it last—I was not out of the police force before I joined the letter H last, more than six weeks—it might be three years from the time I was in the H division

before till I rejoined it again—I have now been to the division three years, and I was three years away from that division.

Q. When did you first join the police force? A. Ten years on the first of February next—I then went into the H division—I might stay in it for four years, I cannot speak positively—I then changed to the K division—there might be an interval between my leaving the H division and joining the K, but I was not out of the police force—I might be two years in the K division, I am not certain—I cannot positively say in what year I left the K division—I was not aware that such a question would be put—it has escaped my memory—it might be two years and a half—I then resigned out of the K division—when I left it was recorded as a resignation.

Q. Do you mean to repeat that you resigned, or that it was recorded you resigned? A. The commissioners of police allowed me to resign out of the force, and I resigned as a matter of course.

Q. Before you were allowed to resign, were you told by the commissioners that you were a dangerous character, and should not be trusted any longer with the high honour of a police constable, and you were dismissed from the force? A. I do not recollect it—if such language fell from any commissioner I do not recollect it—my character is good, as good as that of any adventurer who ever left Ireland.

Q. Have you ever worn large bushy whiskers? A. Yes, I used—they remained on till a very recent period—I cannot tell when I shaved them of—I shave every day.

Q. Then why did you fix on any recent period at which you shaved them off? A. Because it was an order from the commissioners of police that every man was to shave his whiskers off, and make them in rather a more military style, that was why I cut them off.

Q. Do you ever read the "Weekly Dispatch" newspaper? A. I do not think any thing of it—I do read it occasionally—I read the account in it of my own affair before the commissioners, and a more gross falsehood was never published—I wrote to the editor of the "Dispatch," and was about to enter an action against him.

Q. Why did you not? A. Perhaps I had not the means to do it—the editor was willing to make any apology, as my friend told me—I never heard Colonel Rowan say that I was a dangerous character—I will not swear he did not say it in my presence—I made a charge, which was a good one—I have got a witness to prove that my charge was a good one.

Q. Did not Colonel Rowan tell you you had made a foul and false charge against a brother officer? A. It would be impossible for me to recollect every thing that passed—whether he repeated that language or not I am not prepared to say—this was after an examination that lasted five days—I was dismissed the force.

Q. You said you resigned? A. I was kept on nine days after, and was allowed to resign—I have got good interest, and I employed my friend to interfere for me to join the police again.

Q. Did the commissioners, after that five days' examination, tell you you were no longer worthy of a place in that or any other honourable corps? A. I will not swear it was not said.

Q. Were you ever told you were not worthy to be believed on your oath? A. It might be said, but I do not recollect it—I have been at Lambeth-street many times—I was never told by the Magistrates of Lambeth-street

that I was not fit to be believed on my oath—it is easy for you to get a parcel of Jews to say things against me—I have been offered money in abundance to settle this case—300l. I have been offered.

Q. Will you swear positively that you were not told by the Magistrates at Lambeth-street that you were not fit to be believed on your oath? A. I swear I never heard it in my life—I will swear I never heard it, and if it was said within a yard of me I must have heard it.

Q. Were you at all interested in any affair with a young woman and a ladder? A. Never, sir.

Q. Were you ever concerned in any transaction with the daughter of a widow by means of a ladder? A. Never, sir—I never used a ladder in my life—I was never charged with having seduced a widow's daughter—there was a complaint made against me for keeping company with a person, but I do not think that was a widow's daughter—her father was dead, but her mother was married a second time—I should think the age of the gird was twenty—I will not swear it—I never inquired her age in my life—that was while I was in the H division—her mother made the complaint—I dare say it is six years ago.

Q. When you left the K division had you been a sergeant? A. Yes, and when I was out of the force I set my friend's interest at work, and got in again, but not as a sergeant—it is an order of the Secretary of State that you cannot join as sergeant—I went into the ranks—I cannot speak to the time I continued in the ranks—I dare say it was two years—I am almost sure it was—I will not swear it was eighteen months—it was more than twelve months—the complaint the woman made against me was for keeping company with her daughter, nothing else—she did not complain of my seducing her daughter, in my presence—I cannot tell whether she used that word in my presence.

Q. You were exchanged from H to K? A. Yes, through a person of the name of Brown, a hair-dresser in Whitechapel, who frequented the Garrick tavern—I was bringing a prisoner along one night, and I said he was no better than one of the swell mob—I do not know whether that was a gentleman of the name of Stebbings, residing at Ratcliffe—I do not recollect his name at all—Brown was the man who came up and made the complaint, and Colonel Rowan told me then to join any division in the police I liked, and I joined the K—he asked Mr. Hunter, a gentleman who is now deceased, "Can't you remove Power to another division, so that he may be away from these people that have complained?"—the reason I was removed was, that I should not have any words with this person—he said, "You can join any division you think proper," and I chose the K—I recollect Colonel Rowan telling me to join any division I thought proper in the force.

Q. After turning you out? A. He did not turn me out—he permitted me to remain in it till there was a vacancy in the K division.

Q. What became of the complaint against you by the widow? A. She went to the superintendent and told him about it—there was an inquiry about it, and it was found I did not do what was represented, in taking the girl out—I never did take her out—I never walked two yards from the door with her in my life.

Q. Then that was explained to the satisfaction of the superintendent? A. I believe his answer to me was, that it was improper in me to go there, and he required me to go there no more—he never made use of the

word that he would have me discharged—he said he would brine me before the commissioners if I did not give over going to this place—I was never complained of by any other gentleman for abuse and ill-treatment, except Brown, to my knowledge.

Q. Will you swear you were not charged with having abused and ill-used Mr. Brown? A. He made a complaint, I tell you, but a charge is a very different thing—I should call it a charge when a person makes a complaint and signs the sheet.

Q. Will you tell us whether there was not a complaint or a charge made at some other person's instance? A. There might be a good many charges which were unfounded, and which I rebutted, to the satisfaction of a good many—I was never here when a person was charged with stealing a pewter pot—I never had a pewter-pot case in my life to my knowledge.

Q. Did you ever tell a witness who came here to contradict you that he had better top his boom and be off? A. I never made use of the word—I never recollect any such thing.

Q. Was it in a case of a pewter measure? A. I do not know that I never had a charge of that description in my life, that I know of—I believe I had a glass stealing case—that was, I believe, the only charge I have ever had of that nature.

Q. Did you ever tell any man who came as a witness on the part of the prisoner, in any case in which you were a witness on the part of the prosecution, that he had better top his boom and be off? A. I never recollect using such language in my life—I have no recollection of it—perhaps you will get parties to swear it.

Q. Will you swear positively you did not use it? A. I do not recollect it.

Q. Have you done nothing to meet with the disapprobation of the Magistrates in this case? A. Not that I know of—I did not receive the disapprobation of the Magistrates, that I am aware of—the possession of this house belonging to Phillips was improperly got away from me—it was communicated by a solicitor to my superintendent, that it was the order of Mr. Broughton to give up the house, and I told him so, and he said, "Let it be generally understood in this Court that I never gave such an order"—I was ordered to give it up by my superintendent, and Mr. Broughton said publicly in Court that he never gave any such order; and Mr. William Heritage said he was—bound to give some explanation for going to the superintendent; and Mr. Broughton said, "I suppose it must be a mistake" but for that I would have had other charges against Phillips here to-day—I took possession of the keys of the shop—there is another way of going into the house, through the passage—I had not the key of the front door—Phillips and his family had free access to the whole of the house, without the shop—I took possession of the keys of the two shops without the knowledge of the Magistrate or my superintendent—I was not remonstrated with by the Magistrate for so doing—MR. Broughton said, "The police know what they are doing."

Q. How soon after you got them were you remonstrated with? A.

Some days—I put one "man in the place, but not without the knowledge of my superior—I said to him, "Sir, I will leave a man here to-night, as there is a good deal of property in these two shops," and the following morning I went to my superintendent, and said I had better leave a man by night and day—the superintendent did not remonstrate with me about

keeping the keys till William Heritage came and said I was ordered to give them up.

Q. Did you tell your superintendent that the Magistrate knew you had got the keys? A. No—my superintendent asked me how the case got on, and I told him.

Q. Will you swear you did not tell the superintendent that you were directed by the Magistrate to take the keys? A. I never recollect any such thing—if they understood it so they must have misunderstood me—I never repeated such words, only what I have stated to you—if such language was understood it is certainly wrong—he might understand one thing and not another—when William Heritage came to say that I was to give it up the superintendent said, "Power, I understood from you it was the Magistrate's order"—I said, "No, sir, it was remanded till Saturday, and I thought it necessary to leave a man there"—I do not recollect telling the superintendent that I had authority from the Magistrate to take the keys—I will not swear I did not say so—I was never charged with any ill-usage of a female, to my knowledge—if I had done any thing wrong to a female I should recollect that.

Q. Were you complained of for doing any thing wrong to a female? A. Yes—I did not give her any thing to buy her off—the woman is alive, I cannot recollect her name for the instant—she can be found—she never made a complaint against me.

Q. Was there no complaint made? A. Yes, it was made by a man I quarrelled with, who is a constable now at the Union Saloon beer-shap and can be found—I cannot recollect the name of the woman—she lives at No. 8, Friar-mount, Bethnal-green—that complaint was investigated.

Q. Did you go to the woman's house? A. Not before it was investigated—it was on Sunday night, the 17th of March—she was passing by Brick-lane, with a milk-can in her possession—I went to her house as a matter of course.

Q. Did you give her any money? A. I did not, so help me G—d—there was no money given her, to my knowledge—I did not promise her any, though 8he asserted afterwards that I did, I never did, and that was disproved.

Q. Did you go to her house and get a letter from her to take to your superior? A. No, sir—she could not write—I got her signature—I did not carry a letter to her house—it was a statement, a few lines—I did not write it—a constable in the force, 73 H, named Jerome Galvin, wrote it at my request—I did not think it was necessary to write it myself—he was sitting there, and I said, "You write this out."

Q. What, had you got a copy ready for him? A. I think I worded it to him—I might have had it written—the statement was written out by this man, and I took it in presence of a witness, and said, "Are you satisfied with this?"—she said, "Yes"—"Will you sign this?"—"I can't write, I will make my mark."

Q. Who was your witness? I went to a respectable inhabitant of Bethnal-green, and his statement went to the Commissioners of Police, and they were satisfied—he followed me up, and said, "You was very much injured by this person, you never made use of this expression"—he is a broker in Church-street—his name is Sands—he will come and take his oath that such an expression never fell from my lips—the superintendent asked me, did I promise her any money? and I said no—and I never saw her only in presence of a respectable witness.


Q. Did the woman come before the superintendent and say that you cajoled her out of the letter under a promise of 5s.? A. I do not know whether she made use of that language—I did not see her.

Q. Before you left the division of the force in which you were, did the Lambeth-street Justices tell you that they would not receive your evidence except it was confirmed by another policeman? A. I never heard them, on my oath—I never heard them say so to me in my life, to my knowledge—there was no complaint made against me before the Justices on this case.

Q. Were you charged with having got a ready written paper and reading your evidence to the clerk from that? A. Yes—I had got a written paper in my hand which contained the notes of my evidence on a former occasion.

Q. Who gave it you? A. I got it at Mr. Hunt's office.

Q. Did you get it before you gave your evidence? A. No—I had given my statement before the Magistrates.

Q. You then went and got a copy, and made your deposition from the written statement? A. No—I had only read about two lines before Mr. William Heritage said, "You are reading your evidence"—I said, "No, it is only a note of my evidence"—I had only read about two lines—I had two examinations before this, and explained the entire of my evidence—the entire of the facts, word for word—I was then ordered by Mr. Hunt to go to him, who said he wished to get the evidence—I went to his office, and he took down our evidence—at least his clerk did.

Q. Did the attorney, Mr. Hunt, know that you were going to take that to the Magistrate, and read your deposition from it when he gave it you? A. No—I asked his clerk for it—I do not think he knew I had it—I asked for it to refresh my memory, and that was the paper from which I was reading whilst the clerk had begun to write my deposition.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Were those circumstances in the paper related when the "Dispatch" newspaper was attacking the police force every Sunday? A. They were, and more than that, I know the individual who employed the reporter to put that article in the "Dispatch"—I have been in the force without any complaint being made against me since that female's, which in some months ago—I never gave her any money nor promised her any—between twelve and one o'clock at night on the 17th of March, I saw this woman coming up, rather shabbily dressed, with a new milk can in her hand—I said, "Where did you get it?"—she said, "It is my own"—I said, "Where do you reside?"—she said, "At Friars Mount, Bethnal-green"—a constable was by, and heard her—I called him, and said, "Go with this woman to her residence, and see if her story is correct"—a person who was tending by said, "What business have you to call this woman a beast?"—that was the charge made against me—Col. Rowan and Mr. Mayne are both aware of my being now in the force, and being sergeant in it.





MICHAEL CONWAY
. I am a police-officer. I was with Power when he took Pickering into custody—Pickering was in a cab—I saw it stop at Phillips's door—there was a basket in the cab—I saw Phillips come to the door, and Power asked him if he knew Pickering—he said, "No"—Pickering said, "Yes, you do," and then Phillips said he had seen him once, about six months ago—Power then told Pickering he was his prisoner—he put him into the cab, and took him to the station-house—he asked Phillips if he was in the habit of buying brass from the prisoner—Phillips

said, "No"—Pickering said, "Yes, you have"—Phillips then said, "Yes, once, about six months ago," Power then told Pickering he was his prisoner, and he put him into the cab and took him—I was in Phillips's house till Power came back—on his coming back he asked Phillips if the prisoner was known to him—Phillips said "No," but that he bought some brass of him on one occasion, about six months ago—he did not say any tiling else on that occasion—he produced a book, and said he bought brass of him once about six months ago, and he would read him the entry of it from the book—Sergeant Power demanded to see the book, and he pointed out ten entries, and showed them to Phillips, who said he did not think there were so many—after that Power and I went away for some time—I returned there about half-past ten o'clock with Mr. Bass, who pointed out the baskets—Power then gave Phillips into my custody—Power and Mr. Bass went to search the back premises—while they were doing that Phillips said to me that he paid Pickering 6d. a piece for the baskets, beside when he paid for the brass—I remained in the house till the following morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When did you see your depositions last? A. When they were read to me at Worship-street this day three weeks—I have not seen them since, and there has been nothing read out to me since, I am sure—Power asked Phillips if he knew Pickering-Phillips answered, "No," and then he said he had seen him on one occasion, about six months ago.

Q. Upon your oath, did you breathe one word of that till after you had heard Power's evidence read over before the Magistrate? A. I did—I was not examined till my deposition was taken.

COURT. Q. You say in your deposition, "I recollect this by hearing the evidence now read over," did that apply to your own evidence or to his? A. It was not to his, it was on my own deposition.

Q. Before you stated that, had you heard Power's deposition? A. Yes, I had stated this fact before I was reminded of it, to persons in the office—I believe I stated it to Mr. Hunt—I distinctly recollect it now from my on knowledge.





JAMES BURT
 (police-constable H 166.) On the 19th of August I assisted in bringing the prisoners from the station-house to the office in a coach—as we were going along, Phillips said to Pickering that he paid 6d. a piece for each basket, in addition to paying him for the brass—Pickering said, "No"—Phillips repeated it again, and Pickering shook his head, and said no more.





WILLIAM COOPER BASS
. I am a metal-sorter, in the prosecutor's service. I went to Phillips house on Saturday night, the 17th of August, about half-past ten o'clock—I saw several baskets in the front shop—I identified them as the property of Messrs. Warner—I saw a basket with a quantity of brass in it, which I have every reason to believe was the property of Messrs. Warner—I then went into the back shop, and found some baskets there, which were the property of Messrs. Warner—I heard Phillips say that they were the baskets in which he had received the metal from the prisoner Pickering.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was not the expression he made use of, that they were baskets in which the metal had been brought? A. Yes.





WILLIAM MAYER
. I am foreman to Mr. Sykes, a timber-merchant, in New Montague-street. On a Saturday in August I saw a cab drive up

near the house of Phillips, the marine-store dealer—I saw Pickering get out of the cab, and take out a basket containing metal, and the top covered with brown paper—it was a basket like this one, a brown twig basket, and mended with white—I believe this is the basket—he took it into Phillips's house—I had seen him come there in a cab four or five Saturdays before—he always came in a cab, about seven o'clock—in consequence of what I observed, a communication was made to the police.





EDWARD ALLEN SKENE
. I am clerk to Mr. Sykes, the timber-merchant Four or five Saturdays before the prisoners were taken I had seen a cab come within about 200 yards of Phillips's house, and a man get out, and convey a basket particularly heavy loaded towards Phillips's house.





WILLIAM JONES
. I keep the Jacob's Well public-house, which is next door to Phillips's—I know Pickering, from seeing him once or twice in my house, in company with Phillips—they have been together mostly in the latter part of the day, and they drank together—I cannot say whether they came together, or on what day of the week they were there.





ALFRED WARNER
. The firm consists of John Warner and two others.

PICKERING—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.

PHILLIPS—


NOT GUILTY
.
