



1793. 




CHARLES HENSON
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Dowling, on the 
9th of July, at 
Hopper's-row, St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, and stealing therein 1 coat, value 10s., his goods.






REBECCA DOWLING
. I am the wife of James Dowling, and at the time of the robbery lived at Hopper's-row, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, next door to the prisoner. On the 9th of July, I went out

at about half-past nine o'clock in the morning—I left my house safe—I bolted the back, and locked the front door—every one of the windows were fast—I did not leave any body in the house—I returned at five o'clock in the afternoon—as soon as I entered the front door, I found the back door, which I had bolted inside, wide open—somebody must have got inside to have done that—I immediately went up-stairs, and found a window pushed right out, and the glass broken—they had forced the window right out of the brick-wall—I went to a box and missed my husband's coat—I immediately went to Hackney-road to search the pawnbrokers, and met the prisoner—I called after him, but he ran off, and in about twenty minutes I lost sight of him—about twenty minutes to nine o'clock he came near his own house—I went and laid hold of him—he said, "Do let me off, Mrs. Dowling?"—I said, "I cannot do that"—he said, "It was not me, it was my sister that did it"—I gave him to the policeman, and at the station-house to gave me a pawnbroker's ticket, and said, would I let him off—I said I could not—he said he got into the house himself by pushing the window out, and then he dropped in, and he unbolted the back door, let his sister Maria in, and she came up and took the coat—I gave the pawnbroker's ticket to the policeman.





WILLIAM ADAMS
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a coat, which was pawned on the 9th of July by the prisoner for 3s.—I gave him this ticket.





JAMES PRICE
. I am a policeman. Mrs. Dowling gave the prisoner into my charge, and gave me the ticket in the cell, at the time he delivered it to her with another.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 12.—Recommended to Mercy—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.
