




750. 




WILLIAM JOHNSON
 and 




WILLIAM TURNER
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
17th of February, 72 yards of printed cotton, value 2l. 7s., the goods of 



George Mead.






PHINEAS BUTLER
 (police-constable K 222.) On the 17th February, about five o'clock in the morning, I was between Bow-bridge and Bow-church—I saw the two prisoners a short distance apart—perhaps twenty yards, walking the same way—I stopped Johnson with these two pieces of cotton tied up in a blue handkerchief—I asked him what he had got there—he said he had got some prints, and he had brought them from Messrs. Lane's, at Harlow—as the patterns did not suit, he was going to take them to Bethnal-green, to have them exchanged—I thought it was an unlikely story, and took him to the station-house—I called my brother-officer, who went after Turner, and he brought him with another bundle—he said he got them near the Horse-shoes, at Potters-street, which is about three miles below Epping—that he took them out of a bale he found in the road, and thought they had dropped from Mr. Mend, the Harlow waggoner—I went to the King's Arms, in Leadenhall-street, and saw Mr. Mend, and found he had lost a small bale of goods of this description.






WILLIAM HOTHER
 (police-constable K 23.) I was on duty, and apprehended Turner, in Bow-town—I took this parcel out of his possession I asked him what he had got in his handhe said clothes—I said what clothes—he said it was a gown-piece—I asked where he got it, and where he was going to take it—he could give me no satisfactory account—I took him to the station-house—he there confessed he picked it up on the road, supposing it had dropped from Mr. Mead's waggon.





GEORGE MEAD
. I am a carrier from Hatfield and Harlow, through Epping to London. I remember the 17th of February, but I was not with the waggon that day—my son Thomas was—I was not in London—these goods were in the waggon—they went from the King's Arms, Leadenhall-street, to go to Harlow—they belonged to Mr. Gurling, of Harlow.





OLIVER WHITTLE
. I am a book-keeper at the King's Arms. On the 17th of February there were four trusses, directed to Mr. Gurling, of Harlow—they were put into the waggon—these trusses were brought by Thomas Walker—Thomas Mead drove the waggon.

JURY. Q. You do not know what they contained? A. No.





THOMAS MEAD
. I drove my father's waggon that Tuesday from London—I received the trusses—I saw them put on board the waggon—two of them were for Mr. Gurling, and there was another truss for James Perry, of Harlew—I put them into the waggon between two and three o'clock—I went on to Harlow—I know both the prisoners—I saw them at the King's Arms—when the goods were put into the waggon Turner was there—Johnson had been there, and might have been there then, and I not see him—when I got to Harlow, I missed one of the trusses directed to H. Gurling, of Harlow—it had been put in the middle of the waggon—it was a tilted waggon—I arrived at Harlow about eight o'clock on Wednesday morning—Joseph Stoten was with me—the bale could not have fallen out—Johnson had driven the waggon for me before—it it about six weeks since he left—he knew the road.





THOMAS WALKER
. I am a porter, and live with Mr. Thorpe, in King-street. I packed up two trusses on the 15th of February, and left them with the back-keeper, at the King's Arms—I knew their contents—they had Mr. Thorpe's name printed on them—I packed a piece of this description for Mr. Gurling, but I cannot say that this is the piece—this is the invoice that was sent with the goods—it is Mr. Thorpe's writing—this piece here has twenty-four yards in it—it was taken from Turner, and two more, of twenty-four yards each, were taken from Johnson.

JURY. Q. Is that the contents of one bale? A. No, there is one piece wanting.

Johnson's Defence. I am a farmer's labourer, and have worked at Little Cranfield Hall, at Essex, twelve years, and had an excellent character the whole time—I had been on a visit to my friends in London, and was returning with William Turner—we found a bundle on the road near Potter-street—we took the pieces out of it, three in number, and proposed to return to London, to see if we could find the owners—on arriving at Bow, we were taken to the station-house—I am innocent of taking them with a felonious intent; I therefore hope, by your just judgement, I shall he acquitted there are twelve in family—net one was ever accused of dishonesty.

Turner's Defence. I was going along with Johnson, and found the parcel containing three pieces—we took them out and returned to London, and on arriving at Bow, a policeman took us.

(W.H. Holme, a grocer, at Tottenham, gave Turner a good character.)

JOHNSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

TURNER—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.




Transported for Seven Years.
