





1035. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TATE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of March
, 4 pictures, value 20s.; 2 pairs of pistols, value 2l., and 2 fenders, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Wood
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
EDWARD WOOD. I live at Kentish-town


 - the prisoner was my gardener
; I discharged him by a month's warning, and he left me on the 28th of February. I had a cottage in my garden, in which were two pairs of pistols, two fenders, and four pictures - I missed them on the 3rd of March, and sent for an officer; I know the pistols had been in my cottage within a fortnight - I have seen these two pictures, which I know were in my cottage.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . (Police-constable S 98.) I went in search of the prisoner; I found him in Providence-place, Kentish-town: I found a duplicate on him, and this picture I found at Mrs. Brown's, in Cottage-place, Brompton-square.


                  SARAH 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am the wife of John Brown - he is a butcher. The prisoner came to my house on the 29th of February; I have known him upwards of twenty years; he brought this picture, and asked me to take care of it for him; he said he had bought it - I gave it to the officer.
MR. WOOD. These are my property.
Cross-examined by MR. DONNE. Q. You were not residing in the cottage? A. No, nor any one else - I had three servants who might have access to it, but the prisoner had more access to it than any one else - the pistols have not been found.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
