



5. 




SAMUEL JACOBS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of November, 1 watch-chain, value 10l.; 1 watch-key, value 5s.; and 2 seals, value 2l.; the goods of 



Robert Sutton, from his person.






ROBERT SUTTON
. I am a stock-broker—my counting-house is in Bank-buildings, City. On Saturday afternoon, the 9th of November, (Lord Mayor's-day,) between four and five o'clock, I was going along Cheapside towards St. Paul's—there came a mob down from the west towards the Mansion-house, and two men arm-in-arm stood before me, evidently to prevent my getting on—they quitted me suddenly—I fancied that my watch and chain were gone, but I felt, and found the chain had broken at the ring connecting it with the watch, and the watch was left In the fob—I said I was robbed, and the persons standing by me said, "Yes, and this is the man that robbed you, sir," taking the prisoner—I lost my gold watch-chain, seals, and key.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was any part of the procession going by at this time? A. I think not—it was getting rather dusk at that time.





ALFRED CHAMBERLAIN
. I am a gardener, and live in Haman's-row, Holloway. On the 9th of November I was in Cheapside, standing near the prosecutor—I saw a man holding him, and while he was doing so I saw the prisoner tugging at Mr. Sutton's watch twice—I heard' Mr. Sutton say he was robbed—I said, "That is the fellow," and seized the prisoner—I am sure he is the person who was tugging at the chain.


Cross-examined. Q. Did you observe what became of the seals and chain? A. No, I could not see what became of them—I was quite close to the prisoner and prosecutor, but there was a great crowd and confusion, and I could not see—no seals or chain have been found—there were no persons between me and Mr. Sutton—I was quite close to him—one man was before him, and the other behind.





AUGUSTUS THOMPSON
. I am shopman to Mr. Bond, a hatter in Cheapside. I was standing at the shop-door, and saw the prisoner pressing very much against Mr. Sutton, who called out that he was robbed—I immediately ran out at the side-door, in Queen-street, and at the top of Queen-street the prisoner was being brought to the station-house—I laid hold of him, and assisted in bringing him down, as the mob were trying to rescue him, by pushing against the policeman, and trying to push him away.





WILLIAM CORNWELL
 (City police-constable, No. 57.) I saw the prisoner, between four and five o'clock, very busily engaged in trying different people's pockets—I watched him some time till he came nearly to the side of a stout gentleman, which I believe to be Mr. Sutton—the prisoner had one hand in his pocket behind, and another hand round him—somebody sung out, "I am robbed"—I sung out, "I have got him"—I immediately received two blows on my side, was knocked down, and received a kick when I was down, and lost my staff—I got hold of my staff again, and secured him—he had something in his hand, but what it was I cannot say—there was the matter of twenty or twentyfive thieves all round Mr. Sutton at the time, who could receive any thing from him—I know them to be thieves—I have an abcess in my neck, in consequence of their treatment.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to say the prisoner is a reputed thief? A. I do not know him—I never saw him before—but the parties I saw about him I knew to be reputed thieves.
(Levy Myers, of King-street, Duke's-place, Aldgate; Ezekiel Cohen, and William Beard, of Gloucester-place, Commercial-road, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.
