





2109. 




JOHN DEAN,



 JOHN SMITH
, and 




JOHN RUSSELL
, were indicted for

burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Driver, at 
St. Mary, Lambeth, on the 
13th of September, and stealing therein two dishes, value 1s. 6d.; and 1 pie, value 1s.; his property.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be the dwelling-house of 



John Kershaw.






WILLIAM DRIVER
. I am a policeman, and live at Belvidere-wharf, in the parish of St. Mary, Lambeth. I have the care of the wharf—It is not my house—I live in it rent-free till it is let—It is Mr. John Kershaw's house—last Sunday week I week on duty at half-past five o'clock, and when I came back I found the house had been robbed—I missed a dish, containing a plum-pie, and a dish which covered it—they

had been standing in the counting-house on a large desk under the window—I saw them safe at half-past five o'clock—the counting-house is part of the dwelling-house—the window was shut when I went out, and the blind drawn down before it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When did you see the window? A. When I went out—Mr. Kershaw applied to my Superintendant for a pliceman to go and take care of the house on account of the numerous depredations committed there—I have lived there nearly eighteen months, and have no other residence—Mr. Kershaw, I believe, has not lived then for the last four or five years.





SERJEANT PYE DRIVER
. I am brother of the last witness, and was living with him at the time. On the Sunday morning, about six o'clock, I was getting up, and saw the three prisoners go from the window of the counting-room—Smith had got the pie in his hand—he was not a yard from the window—they all went away together—they went up Sutton-street—he there put the pie into a yellow handkerchief—they all went away together—I came down and went after them, but did not catch them—I found the window open, and a blue and white dish outside the window, which had been inside—the cash was up quite sufficient for a person to get in, and the blind shoved on one side—I am quite sure the prisonera are the person I saw—on the Monday evening, about eight o'clock, I saw Smith and Dean together in astreet ner the station-house—I pointed them out, and gave them in charge to a policeman—a handkerchief was produced at the station-house, in Smith's presence, which I believe to be the handkerchief he put the pie into—there was the print of an oval dish on it, and the pie was in an oval dish.

Cross-examined Q. Were thier backs or faces turned to you? A. Smith and another had their faces to the window when I first saw them—the street they went up is about hundred yards from where I first saw them—I had them in sight all the way up the street—I saw their backs and faces several times going up the street—my window was partly open—I looked through the window—through the glass—I saw the handkerchief put round the pie when they were abount a hundred yards off—It was such a handkerchief as the one produced—I cannot swear to it.





WILLIAM ALIDERMAN
. I am apoliceman. I was in the New-cut on the Sunday, at about twenty minutes before seven o'clock, about a quarter of a mile from Belvidere-wharf—I saw the three prisoners together—I went and apprehended Smith the next night—I found this handkerchief on him—It has an oval mark on it now—I told him I wanted him for stealing a pie from the Belvidere-road, at six o'clock on Sunday morning—he said he had not beeen on that side of the water that morning, and afterwards he said he had not been there so carly as seven o'clock—I had not then told him the time the robbery was committed—It had never been named.

Cross-examined Q. Did you see the pie at any time? A. No—I had not told Smith that I had seen him before seven o'clock that morning—Dean was with him—I went up to them and told them, I took them for stealing a pie in the Belvidere-road—they were about five minutes' walk from the premises when I saw them at twenty minutes before seven o'clock.





WILLIAM DRIVER, JUN
. I was in the room, with my uncle, on Sunday morning and saw the three prisoners below—Smith had a pie in his hand, and was about a yard from the counting-house window—they went away; and about a hundred yards up Sutton-street he put the pie into a yellow

handkerchief with white spots—he covered it up, and went away—I am sure the prisoners are the persons.

Cross-examined Q. Had you ever seen them before? A. I had not—I saw the handkerchief under the window, in Smith's hand—I made haste to dress as quick as I could, and went after them, but could not see them—I was or three minutes dressing—I went up Sutton-street, and down York-road, bout could not see them—I saw them for about five minutes altogether—I saw all their faces and backs, too, distinctly—I will swear I told my father what I had seen.





GEORGE MABER
. I am waiter at the Waterman's Arms, in Waterloomad. Of the Sunday morning, about half-past six o'clock, I was sweeping the door opposite Belvidere-wharf—I saw a dish standing outside the window—I heard of the robbery, and give it to Mrs. Driver.





HANNAH DRIVER
. I am the wife of William Driver. I received a dish from the last witness—I had set it on the counter, under the window, about eighteen inches from the window, over night—this dish had covered the pie—I valued the dish and pie at 3s.





JAMES NEWMAN
. I am a policeman. I apprehended Russell on Tuesday morning, at Marsh-gate.

Dean. I wish to ask the boy, whether he was on the first or second floor.





WILLIAM DRIVER, JUN
. I was on the second floor—the window was shut.

Dean's Defence. Is it likely, a person at a two-pair of stairs window could distinguish yellow from white?—I was living at Mr. Ford's at the time, and was at work there till half-past eleven o'clock on Saturday night—I went to bed, and got up about five minutes to six o'clock; acme over the water to George Coutr, and called on Smith, to go and deliver a letter—we called Russell up, and went from one house to the other drinking, till about eight o'clock then we went home.

Smith's Defence. It is not likely a lad, at an up-stairs window, could see a yard from the house, without the window being open—the witness he picked up the dish about twenty minutes to seven o'clock—the policeman says he saw it in the New-cut, at twenty minutes to seven o'clock—I know nothing about it, I assure you—It is not likely he could distinguish white spots in a yellow handkerchief a hunderchief a hundred yards off.

DEAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

RUSSELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.





Transported for Life.

Third Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

