






898. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of March
, 1 sheep's carcase, value 32s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Bean
                  




               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be 60lbs. weight of mutton.


                  GEORGE 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Bean, a butcher
, who lives in Shepherd-street, May-fair. I had the carcass of a sheep in his cart on the 24th of March, which I had got from Newgate-market - I left the cart in St. Paul's church-yard


, in the care of a man who usually minds it, while I went for some more sheep; I returned in a short time, and saw the prisoner in that man's custody, and this carcass was out of the cart - I knew it to be the same.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You did not know that to be the one you missed? A. No, but I missed one; I had not seen the prisoner before.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HAMM STONE
               



            . I was left in care of the cart, and between seven and eight o'clock I saw the prisoner come out of Londonhouse-yard; I was called to help another man with three sheep, and when I came from helping him I saw the prisoner pass the yard that leads to the Goose and Gridiron, with the carcass of a sheep on his shoulder; I went up to him, and asked him what he was going to do with that; he said he had just had it given him to carry - I took him into custody, and looked into the cart; there was no carcass there.
Cross-examined. Q. He was not running? A. No, walking; I had seen him about the market before, but I did not know him: he made no resistance.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKSON
               



            . I am an officer, and took the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  BEAN
               



            . I am master of the cart. I had bought four sheep, and the one which was taken was the first which had been put into the cart.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
