





OLD COURT. THURSDAY, MAY 27.
First London Jury. - Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1044. 
               
                  
                     AMELIA 
                     ANDERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah Mary 
                           Harris
                        




                     
                  , on the 27th of April
, and stealing 1 watch, value 2l.; 2 silver boxes, value 1l., and 10 silver spoons, value 3l., her property
            .


                  SARAH 
                  MARY HARRIS
               



            . I look after a house for Mr. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Frisby Harris
               



            , of Piccadilly


; I am under his protection - I do not pay him for lodging there: it is not my dwelling-house; the prisoner lodged there with her mother for about two months, and had left her about a month when this happened - this property was my own, and was in two separate drawers in the first floor front room, which I occupied; she had no business there. On the 27th of April, about half-past nine o'clock at night, I heard a noise two or three times - I went up stairs, and found the drawers open and the property gone; I had been there about an hour before - we found the prisoner on the leads, under the window, with all the property in her bosom; the leads go across to the back of the house under the window - she was quite intoxicated; I sent for an officer, and gave her in charge.


                  JOHN 
                  FREDERICK CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house by an officer, and I found a small scent-box on her.(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY (of stealing only.)
             Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
