



2481. 




JOHN SULLIVAN
 was indicted

for a robbery on 



Daniel Baseley, on the 
30th of September, at 
St. George the Martyr, Southwark, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, 1 watch, value 27l.; 1 watch chain, value 6l.; and 1 seal, value 2l.; his goods: and at the time of the said robbery, feloniously striking and beating him.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






DANIEL BASELEY
. I live in Surrey-place, Old Kent-road, near to Surrey-square, and am a cheesemonger. On Sunday night, the 30th of September, I had been dining with a friend in Holborn—I was returning home between eleven and twelve o'clock—I was in the New Kent-road, near the Elephant and Castle, on the left hand side of the way going from London—I met a friend, and we proceeded as far as opposite Cumberland-place, Old Kent-road, together—we were then on the right hand side—the foot path is wide enough for five or six people to walk—on coming opposite Cumberland-place, we saw several persons—one man came and pushed very violently against me and Mr. Keeping, and forced us to turn round—there was plenty of room for two or three people to pass on the wall side—Mr. Keeping said there was sufficient room for all of us, or something of that kind—the man instantly struck Mr. Keeping a violent blow in the face, which knocked him down, and some man from behind instantly gave me a tremendous blow on the face, and knocked me

into the road—I had an umbrella, which broke into three pieces in the fall—I attempted to get up, and a struggle ensued between me and the prisoner and another—(I am quite certain of his person,) and in the struggle the prisoner drew my watch, which was scarcely exposed—my coat was buttoned, and nothing but the seal could be seen—I struggled violently to save my watch, and fought with him—we had several blows—he ultimately drew it from my person—it was a gold double-cased watch, and gold chain, and a very valuable watch—I cried out, "Police, I have lost my watch"—I expect the second man went to assist his companion, who was with Mr. Keeping—he ran away the instant I called "Police," and I collared the prisoner instantly—I never lost sight of him—he drew from me across the road—he did not get away from my hold then—he dragged me nearly across the road—Mr. Keeping came and assisted me—we went on calling, "Police, police," and about Swan-street he got from my hold, and ran down Swan-place, into a court which is no thoroughfare, and there I secured him—he had an opportunity of getting rid of the watch—he could not get out of Swan-place without jumping a ditch at the bottom, which was very wide and had a paling—the police secured him there—he was scarcely three minutes out of my hold there—I cannot be mistaken in his person.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. About what length of ground do you think the party went until the prisoner was taken? A. A hundred and fifty or two hundred yards—search has been made, but my watch has not been found—the prisoner might have given it to the other party at the time he took it—I could not see that he had an opportunity of giving it to any body at the moment—he drew it entirely from my person, and I was persuaded that he put it into his pocket, as he kept his hand in hit pocket—I think he could not have given it to any other person then—it was impossible—I had dined at three o'clock that day with a party of friends—I had drank very little—perhaps five glasses of wine—I was quite sober—I was excited and frightened by this attack.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you so alarmed as not to be able to distinguish one man from another? A. Not the least—he was never out of my sight from the time of his getting away from me till I took him again.





WILLIAM JOHN KEEPING
. On Sunday evening, the 30th of September, I met my friend on his way home—we went together along the Old Kent-road, and were run against by a man—there was quite sufficient room for him and another to pass—he appeared to run against the prosecutor on purpose—I said, "Surely there is room for us all to pass quietly"—I immediately received a severe blow from the man who ran against the prosecutor—it knocked me down on the ground, and as I was in the act of rising, I received either a blow or a kick in my head—my friend was knocked over into the road by parties I had not previously seen—I saw two persons with him, and the one was still in front of me—I had not an opportunity of observing the two that were with him, but I can say that the prisoner is the man who I saw fighting with the prosecutor after the other two had ran away from me—there was a cry of "Police—my watch, my watch"—the prisoner immediately ran away, and we followed him across the road, and came up to him immediately—we were not two yards behind him all the time—we went with him to Swan-street, where I had hold of his arm, and the prosecutor of his coat—he there made a violent struggle, and got away—we still kept crying "Police"—he ran across the road, and

was going towards a place which used to be called Kent-street—he then turned down Swan-place, but finding he could not get out, he turned and said, "What are you following me for? it is a pretty thing to be running after me in this manner"—I am certain he is the man who had been fitting with the prosecutor—a policeman had followed us down Swan-street, and secured him—I was quite sober.

Cross-examined. A. Did you turn any corners in the pursuit? A. Only into Swan-place—I was within two yards of him then—I did not meet any body in the pursuit—the prisoner had no opportunity of giving the watch to anybody—I saw him distinctly—I am not aware that he threw anything away—Kent-road is a very public thoroughfare.

COURT. Q. When you observed the prisoner fighting, there had been a cry of "Police—my watch?" A. Yes, previous to that.





WILLIAM FORDHAM
 (police-constable R 175.) On the 30th of September I was standing in Scott-street, between twelve and one o'clock, and heard the cry of "Police—I have lost my watch"—I heard it repeated, and immediately ran to the spot, which was about two hundred yards—I saw the prisoner run down Swan-place, Baseley and Keeping following him—I apprehended him as he was returning out of Swan-place—Mr. Baseley told me where he was knocked down, and there I found his hat and part of his umbrella.

Cross-examined. Q. This was at night, between eleven and twelve o'clock? A. Between twelve and one o'clock. I examined the ground that night and in the day, but could not find the watch—I took my light to look for it immediately—the prisoner was running as hard as he could go when I first saw him.
(Christopher Charles Thurston, butcher, 48, London-road; Samuel Heath, butcher, London-road; Henry Thomas Wood, tripeman, Claremarket; Elizabeth Bolton, Old Bell, little Friday-street, Cheapside; and William Fancourt, licensed victualler, Newington-causeway, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Recorder.
