





1924. 
               
                  
                     SIDNEY 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of August
, 4 yards of fringe, value 13s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Peters
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
JOHN PETERS. I am a fringe manufacturer
. The prisoner had been three weeks in my service before the 1st of August, and he had been with me before he went to sea - he had a box of goods to sell for me, and on the 1st of August, when he came home with his box, he put it down close by a quantity of worsted fringe; he told me he wanted a gross of Waterloo cord braid; I stepped for it - he went out with it, and when he was gone I missed the articles stated - he was to have returned with the money for the braid which he had of me, but he did not; I thought he might have put it into his box, but I looked, and found the box was emptied of what he had taken out in it in the morning; I went out, and a friend directed me to a public-house, where the prisoner was smoking a cigar; I called him out, and asked what he had done with my property; he said he did it with a view to get transported - he afterwards offered me 3s. in part of payment; he had a commission on what he sold.
Prisoner. Q. Did you ever receive money from me? A. Yes, when you returned home, and gave an account of what you sold.
COURT. Q. Was any body on the premises who could have taken it but him? A. No; he put his box on the ground on the counter, close to the fringe - I missed 4l. worth of goods out of his box.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I was in the Police, but am now going to sea. I received the prisoner on the 1st of August - I found on him 3s.; he said he supposed he should be transported.



               GUILTY
            . - Aged 21. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
