



1613. 




JAMES BELCHER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
3rd of June, 3 plants, value 3s. 6d.; and 3 flower-pots, value 2d.; the goods of 



William Cormack, and others; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY DALGETY CORMACK
. I am the son of William Cormack, of New-cross, Deptford. He has some partners—on the 3rd of June, we lost three geraniums, worth 3s. 6d. and their pots with them—these are them—(koking at them)—I can identify this stick which is with them—I cut it, and marked it myself—the prisoner had been in our employ, but he was not so at that time.





JAMES YOUENS
. I live at Deptford. On the 3rd of Jane I saw the prisoner, between ten and eleven o'clock, on Mr. Connack's ground—when he came off he had two geraniums under his left arm, and one in his right hand—I told him if he did not put them down I would acquaint John Wright with it—he made use of very bad language, and I told the police man.





GEORGE HARRIS
 (police-constable R 158.) I received information from

Youens, and went in pursuit of the prisoner—when I got within about fifty yards of him, he turned, and saw me, and got over a hedge into Mr. Emmott's garden—he dodged me about, and threw these three pots down—he then got over the rail-road wall—I pursued him half-a-mile—man attempted to stop him, he struck him right and left, and knocked him down—he ran on, and in getting over a gate, a second man seized him and stopped him till I came up—I went back—I took up the pots, and found this stick in one of them—I took a shoe from the prisoner's foot and compared it with some marks in the prosecutor's garden, and in the green-house.

Prisoner. You said the shoe had been cut? Witness. While I left you in the cell, you shaved off the toe of one shoe, by some means, but the marks in the shoe corresponded all the same.

Prisoner's Defence. A man came out of a public-house with these pots and said would I buy them—he wanted 2s. for them—I gave him 1s. 6d., and a pot of beer—the officer took me—I did not run at all.





WILLIAM COLLINGS
 (police-sergeant R 18.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Straight's office—I know him to be the man—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
