



569. 




JAMES YOUNG
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
17th of January, 2 shirts, value 1l.; 9 handkerchiefs, value 1l.; 2 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 apron, value 6d.; 1 pair of breeches, value 10s.; and 1 other handkerchief, value 6d.; the goods of 



Lucy Roberts, from her person.






LUCY ROBERTS
. I live in Allertbn-street, Hoxton. On the 17th of January, at a quarter past eight o'clock, I was going down Goswell-street with a bundle on my left arm, containing the articles stated—when I was opposite Hatfield-street, a man came behind me, snatched my bundle, and ran off—I ran after him, and called, "Stop thief"—he ran on till he came to a crowd—a boy ran out of the crowd, and said, "Mistress, is this your bundle?"—I said, "Yes, where is the villain?"—he said, "He is safe, he is taken into custody"—I said, "Where is the policeman?" but I could see no one—they hastened me out of the crowd—I went on to the gentleman where I was going, and told him what had occurred—on the following Saturday I was going to the same gentleman, and the policeman called me into a shop, and asked if I had lost a bundle—he took me to Worship-street—I saw the prisoner, but I cannot swear he is the person who took my bundle—it was a man of exactly his stature, but I only saw

his back, and the side of his face—the bundle was tied in this handkerchief.





WILLIAM HENRY ROGERS
. I am a salesman. About eight o'clock in the evening of that day, I was in my shop—I heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I saw the prisoner running, with a bundle under his arm—I started from my door to lay hold of him—he left the pavement and ran in the road—I pursued and overtook him, two doors from Golden-lane—he had no bundle then, but I am sure he is the person I had seen with it—I never lost sight of him—I saw the bundle was in a blue handkerchief with white spots, similar to this one.





JOHN HALL
. I live at No. 26, Old-street—I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner running, with a bundle under his arm—I saw him throw it down in this handkerchief—I did not pick it up, but pursued him—I saw a boy give the bundle to the prosecutrix.





GEORGE TINDALL
 (police-constable G 43.) I took the prisoner—he said the woman was gone, that she had got the bundle, and we had no right to detain him—I said I should take him on suspicion of being concerned in another robbery—I took him, and he was recognised at being one of the party.
(Maria Lake, of Labour-in-vain-yard; George Messer, a tailor; and William Brunet, of Bunhill-row, a gold and silver beater, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
