





166. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of September
, at St. Lukes', 1 jacket, value 30s.; 1 waistcoat, value 12s.; 2 pairs of trousers, value 62s.; 4 shirts, value 8s.; 1 snuff-box, value 3s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s., and 1 pair of braces, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Hucker
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
MARIA HUCKER. I am the wife of James Hucker; we live in Little Arthur-street, Goswell-street, in theparish of St. Luke


. It is our dwelling-house - I had known the prisoner two months; he frequented our house to see a baker's foreman - we keep a beer-shop
, and at that time we carried on the baking trade - on the 6th of September, I went out to order some beer - I left my place in care of my nephew; I left the prisoner, 
               
                  John 
                  Strickland
               



            , and William Church there - I returned in about three quarters of an hour - I was told the prisoner was missing; that he had gone backwards, and had not returned - I took a candle and went up-stairs; I found my box open in my front room, and the things stated were gone - I have never seen any of them since - I could not swear the box had been locked.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WILLEY
               



            . I live there with my aunt. The prisoner was left there; he went out two or three times, and at last he did not return - we went after him, but could not find him, but we took notice that the side-door was fast - when my aunt came home, we told her of it - she took a candle, and found the side-door open, and missed the things.


                  JOHN 
                  STRICKLAND
               



            . On the 6th of September, I was at the prosecutor's. I observed the prisoner go out twice, and return - he then went a third time, and did not return.
Prisoner. I went there and was taken bad in my bowels. I went to the water-closet, and then bade them good night, and went home to bed.
JURY to Willey. Q. Where is the water-closet? A. In the back yard, and there is a side-door in the passage which leads into the street - he had to pass that door.
MARIA HUCKER. The prisoner had been looked for ever since.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
