





OLD COURT. Monday, September the 9th.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
1326. 
               
                  
                     JOHN EDWARD 
                     ANDREWS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-hosue of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Collyer
                          




                     
                  , on the 20th of August
, at St. Mary, Stoke Newington


, and stealing therein 1 bag, value 6d.; 2 pinafores, value 1s. 6d.; 3 mangling cloths, value 2s.; 1 jacket, value 3d.; 2 ironing blankets, value 2s.; and 1 basket, value 2s.; his property
            .


                  JOHN 
                  COLLYER
               



            , JUN. I am the son of John Collyer, who lives at Newington. On the 20th of August, about eleven o'clock, as I was going to bed I heard footsteps, they appeared to me to be in the garden; I went to the door, and heard them plainly - I put on my things, then went round the premises, and returned about half-past twelve or a quarter to one o'clock, and found my bed-room door open, and some things in a basket, and some on the table - I had gone outside the house, round the premises, which are about four acres of land - I am sure I shut and latched the door after me when I went out, for I tried it - there was no window or any thing open - I found a basket in the room, and two blankets, and two ironing cloths, and a jacket, and other things, on the table - they were worth 7s. or 8s. - the prisoner was in my room - some of the things I had left in the basket at the end of the mangle, and the others on a shelf, and the jacket hung on a nail - the mangle stands under the window in my room - I could not see the prisoner when I first entered the room - I heard the bedstead creak - it was quite dark; I felt and caught hold of him by the throat, and held him at the door, and called my father to come to my assistance - I am quite sure the things in the basket and on the table had been removed from the spot on which I had left them - I gave the prisoner to my father, and took him to the policeman - I am certain the house was closed while I went to look over the premises.


                  JOHN 
                  COLLYER
               



            , SEN. I am the father of the last witness, and live in the same house, I am a gardener
. My attention was called to the prisoner, I assisted in taking him from my son, and took him out of the premises about three hundred yards to a policeman - I afterwards got a light, and went to my son's room, and saw the property all lying about, some on the floor, and some on the table, all removed from their proper place - I brought the prisoner back to the room - the things were pointed out, and he was asked what he did in the room, he said he came there to sleep - the jacket I had put away that night, and the bag also, both were removed from the places I had put them in - my house is in the parish of St. Mary, Stoke Newington.


                  JOHN 
                  BLACKLEY
               



             (police-constable N 204). On Wednesday morning, the 21st of August, I was at Newington-green, and Mr. Collyer brought the prisoner towards the station-house; he was given into my charge - I took him back to Mr. Collyer's house, and went into a room below stairs, and saw a basket and ironing things on the floor, and other things on a table down at the door - I took the prisoner to the station-house.(Property produced and sworn to).
Prisoner's Defence. I had been out of work ten weeks - I was tired, and looking for a place to rest; there was a broken pailing in the place, I got through to a shed, and laid for about an hour; it was very cold - I went to another door, which I found open, and I had not been in there two minutes - as I was coming out this young man shoved that basket down off a box, and knocked me down, and took me by the collar.
JOHN COLLYER, JUN. re-examined. I am positive the door of the house was closed; the prisoner could not get into the room without opening the window or the door; no window was open I am sure, nor was any door open; I am certain I latched the door, I found it open when I returned - my room is attached to the house, you can go from it into the house without going into the open air.
GUILTY. Aged 24. - 


               Of Stealing only
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
