





1557. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WARD
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 25th of September
, 1 truck, value 2l., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Thompson
                        




                     
                  , well knowing the same to have been stolen
            .
ROBERT THOMPSON. I lost a truck two or three days before last Christmas; I found it at the prisoner's place on the 25th of September, the axletree was in one part, and the rest in another, tied up close; it had been stolen from my yard in Goswell-street.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. When had you seen it last before you missed it? A. I had worked with it the whole week.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am the officer; I was ordered to go and search the prisoner's shed, in Eagle-court, where I found this truck - the wheels had been taken off, and it stood upright in a corner, the prosecutor swore to it as his.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it not in the state in which persons keep their trucks when they are not using them? A. Yes.


                  JAMES 
                  ELTON
               



            . I know the truck; I can take my oath it had belonged to the prosecutor - one of the sides of it was gone.
Witness for the Defence.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FRIEND
               



            . I am a silk-dresser, and live in Eagle-court; I have seen the truck and helped to move goods with the prisoner; he has used it in public; I can swear he had it a length of time before Christmas, and he asked me if I would have the use of it to remove some goods which I bought of him.
COURT. Q. Now upon your solemn oath, how many months did he have it before Christmas? A. I cannot challenge my memory, because I never thought of any thing of the kind, but it was a length of time before Christmas - it was a month, or a fortnight, or perhaps a week - I am in the employ of Messrs. Bolton & Meek; the prisoner never told me how he came by the truck - the wheels were taken off because they could not get it in with them on - it must have been about the month of November that he offered me the loan of the truck - it is not now in so good a state as it was at that time - I did not borrow it but he offered it me, as I had bought a bureau of him - I then lived in Windmill-street, Finsbury-square; I said it would be too much trouble for him to get it down, and I hired another instead - I have no truck of my own.
Prisoner. I bought it about three weeks before last Christmas, and had it in regular use as I wanted it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years Longer
            .
