



1216. 





CHARLES GADERER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of April, 13 engraved copper-plates, value 30l.; and 3 prints, value 3s.; the goods of 




James Rhodes and another, his masters.






HARRIET SAWYER
. I live in Smith's-place, Hackney-road. I am servant to Mrs. Rumbold, who keeps a marine-store-shop—the prisoner came in the morning of the 26th of April, before my mistress was up—he said he had some copper to sell—I asked his address—he wrote down "3, Durham-place"—I inquired, and found no such person—my mistress sent for a police officer, who afterwards took the prisoner.





CHARLES GRANT
. I am a police constable. I was sent for—I went to No.6, Smith-place—they shewed me these plats, and told me a young man had left them, and was to call again—I concealed myself behind the door for nearly half an hour—the prisoner then came in—I shut the door to, and took the plates, and asked if they were his—he said yes, he had bought them in Bartholomew-lane, at the Auction Mart—I showed him his direction, and asked if it was his writing—he said, "Yes"—I said "Yes gave a false address"—I took him to the office, and then received information, and found Mr. Rhodes.

Prisoner Q. Were you not sitting by the fire? A. I was not.





JAMES RHODES
. I have a partner, named Robert Martin—we are copperplate

printers—the prisoner was our errand-boy for about three weeks—I can swear to these plates—ten of them at least—here are thirteen in all?

Prisoner Q. Had you not a fire in Long-acre? A. Yes; I think in November, 1835—we lost a great many plates, but I am sure I have seen 10 of these since that time—I did not state before the Magistrate that I could not swear I have seen any of them within twelve months—I have seen all these since the fire—they were put in a corner of the office—we usually put them away in paper, but since the fire, we have been in such confusion, we could not keep them as usually do.





PEREGRICE JOSEPH DAVIE
. I am in the prosecutor's employ. My master desired me to put these plates in one corner of the officer about a fortnight before the prisoner came there—I know they are my master's—they were not lost at the fire—I put them away since then.





GEORGE TEAKLE
 (police-serjeant H. 8.) I found two prints in a box, at the prisoner's father's house.





JAMES RHODES
. We had fifty of these prints, and have now only forty-seven. Prisoner's Defence Having no evidence to confront the charge, I can state only on my own evidence, that I purchased these plates of Mr. George Robins, at the Auction Mart—I usually went to Mr. Rhodes' at eight o'clock in the morning, and it was quite impossible for any one to take any thing—I was never there five minutes by myself—there were 50 plates in a corner of the office.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
