






988. 
               
                  DANIEL 
                  NEAL
               





             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of April

, 4 pair of ear-rings, value 18s.; 6 rings, value 50s.; 2 lockets, value 10s.; 1 brooch, value 2s.; 2 seals, value 6s.; 1 thimble, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of snuffers, value 3s.; 2 pieces of blood-stone, value 3s.; 3 snaps, value 4s.; 4 breast-pins, value 12s.; 1 cross, value 5s.; 1 gross of bodkins, value 6s.; 2 snuff-boxes, value 1s. 6d.; 1 knife, value 2s.; 3 china ornaments, value 1s. 6d.; and 2 guard-chains, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Jacob Nathan 
                        Calisher
                     



                  , his master
            .
JACOB NATHAN CALISHER. I live in George-street, in the Minories



, and am a jeweller
. I have known the prisoner about three years - he was in my employ as errand-boy
 about seven months - I discharged him about the 25th of April - the officer found these articles at his lodgings - I was not with the officer - I did not know where the prisoner lived - I knew it was somewhere about the Minories.


                  JAMES 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am an officer. I went to the prisoner's lodgings, and took him - I found these articles in a box, under the bedstead - he said it was his bedstead, and I found him in that room - he said the goods belonged to Mr. Calisher, his master.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you say that before the magistrate? A. Yes; I think I did - I believe what I said was read over to me - both Mr. Calisher and Mr. Levin were present when the prisoner said so.
JACOB NATHAN CALISHER. This is my property - I had discharged the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. How came you to say you did not know where the prisoner lived? A. I did not, till I was sent for by Mr. Levin, and we went to his house - I did not owe the prisoner any thing at that time; he had summoned me for his wages before that; when I asked him what his wages were, he said 4l. 9s. - I said it was 3l. 17s. 6d. - he said that was not right, and he went away and summoned me - he said Mr. Alexander was by when I agreed with him, but he was not - he summoned me, and he had to pay the costs - he left me on the 25th of April - I found these things about six weeks afterwards - some of them have my mark on them - I might have sold some of these things with my mark on them.
(
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Frazer
               



            , of Red Lion-court; 
               
                  Michael 
                  Fleming
               



            , a haberdasher; 
               
                  Ellen 
                  Ragan
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  Crow
               



            , and 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Henessy
               



            , labourers, gave the prisoner a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
989. DANIEL NEAL was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of June

, 11 china ornaments, value 8s.; 72 fiddle-bridges, value 6s.; and 3 burning-glasses, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        Ephraim 
                        Levin
                     



                   and another, his masters
            .
EPHRAIM LEVIN. I live in Jewry-street, Aldgate



 - I have one partner - the prisoner was in our employ as porter
 - he came in May, and we discharged him on the 12th of June - we then had suspicion, and searched his house.


                  JAMES 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I searched the prisoner's house on the 12th of June - I found these articles in a box, which he said was his - he said he was very sorry for what he had done, but these goods all belonged to Mr. Levin, and he had taken them from his master - I found on him 5l. 13s. in money.
EPHRAIM LEVIN. I believe this property to be mine; but I cannot swear to it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
