



1435. 




SARAH SLOW
 was indicted

 for that she, on the 
25th of April, at 
St. Mary-le-Bow, feloniously did forge a certain order for the payment of money, which is as follows; "No.7, Fenchurch-street, London, April 25, 1836. Messrs. Hankey, pay to Mrs. Hutchinson or bearer the sum of £80. Bailey, Milner, and Co". with intent to defraud 



William Alers Hankey and others—2nd COUNT, for uttering, disposing of, and putting off the same with a like intent, well knowing it to be forged—2 other COUNT for adding to the word Eight the letter y, and the figure 0 after the figure 8.—8 other COUNTS varying the manner of stating the charge.


MESSRS. BODKIN and LEE
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT MILNER
. I am in partnership with James Bailey, at No, 17, St. Paul's Church-yard. On the 25th of April I remember a female coming into our shop—I believe the prisoner to be the person—she purchased some trifling articles—I cannot tell to what amount—she then spoke to my young man—she asked me if I would accommodate her with a cheque for eight sovereign to send into the country to a friend—we kept a banking account wish Messrs. Hankey at that time (looking at the cheque)—this is the cheque I gave her for 8l—I see the letter "y" here—that was not put there by me, nor the "0" in the margin—I drew it for 8l. only—she gave me eight sovereigns for it—I received an account of this cheque, it may be three or four days afterwards, from Messrs Hankey; in consequence of which I requested to see it—when I gave her the cheque, she gave me her address, "Mrs. Hutchinson, No, 1 Connaught-terrace, Edgeware-road, Paddington"—this is the memorandum I made at the time—I have not been to ascertain whether any such person lived there.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you take down the address at the time? A. Yes in the margin of my cheque-book, which I have in my hand—ours is a house of extensive business—I suppose there might he fifty ladies in the shop at the same time—when I first saw the prisoner, my impression was that she was not the person; but after I heard her speak, I said she was—I have not the least doubt in my own mind that she is the same person; but I do not swear it positively.

MR. LEE. Q. When you first saw her, and thought she was not the same person, was she dressed the same as the person you gave the cheque to? A. Altogether different—she had not spoken when I said that—I heard her speak about a quarter of an hour afterwards, and from her voice, it was my opinion she was the same person—I did not give a cheque of that amount to any other lady in exchange for sovereigns—to the best of my recollection, I had not given a cheque for 8l., to any body that day; but we give a great many cheques in a day.





JOHN LENT
. I am cashier in the house of William Alers Hankey,

and Co.—he has more than one partner—in April last, Milner and Bailey had an account at our house—on the 25th of April, I attended at the counter, and paid this cheque—I think it was about two o'clock in the day—it was between two and four o'clock in the afternoon—it was after one o'clock—I paid it in three £20 notes, and 20l. on sovereigns—the notes were dated March 25, 1836, No. 6682; No. 6683, same date; No; 7769, dated March 29, 1836—it, was a cheque for 80l. when I paid it—it had the appearance of having been recently written—I can now evidently trace that the "y" has been added—the "0" is not so evident—my impression is that the prisoner is the person to whom I paid the money—I am certain it was a female—she wrote on the back of the cheque, "Mrs. Hutchinson, No.1, Connaught-terrace, Edgeware-road, "as her address, at my request—as soon as Messrs. Bailey made inquiry about the cheque, I inquired into there address, and no such person was known—I believe this was within a week—no such person had ever lived there—a communication was made of this circumstance by our house, to Mr. Howell of Gracechurch-street.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you take particular notice of the person presenting the cheque? A. I did rather so—I cannot swear positively to the prisoner.





JOHN CHAMBERLIN
. I am shopman to Messrs. Howell, of Grace-church-street. On the 25th of April, the prisoner came to our shop between four and five o'clock, and purchased goods to the amount of 7l. 18s.—a challi dress was among the articles—I received a £20 note in payment—this is the note I received from the prisoner (No. 6682, dated March 25, 1836)—she gave her address as Mrs. Hutchinson, No. 1, Connaught-terrace, Regent's park—I wrote that address on the back of the note at the time—between the 25th of April and the 24th of May, a communication was made to us by Messrs. Hankey with regard to that note—the prisoner came again on the 24th of May—she then had on the challi dress which she had purchased of me—I recognized her when she came into the shop—she asked Sellers, one of our shopman, to oblige her with a cheque for 8l., to remit it into the country, for she could not obtain a bank post-bill for less than 10l.,—I had made a communication to Sellers between this conversation and her entering the shop.





HUMPHREY WILLIAM SELLERS
. I am in the employ of Howell and Co. linen-drapers, in Gracechurch-street. I remember on the 25th of April the prisoner making some purchases at the shop—I have not the least doubt of her—she bought goods amounting to 7l., 19s., and paid a £30 note for them—on the 24th of May I saw her enter the shop, and recognized her as the person who had been there before—I had not the least hesitation about it—she spoke to me, and complained of the challi dress she had on, that the dress-maker had spoiled it in making—she alluded to it as what she had bought at our shop—she then bought a pair of gloves, and wished to look at some challis, which she had seen the time before, when she was at our house; and while looking at them, she asked me if I could tell her how she could get a cheque on some banker for 8l., as she wished to send some money into the country, and she had applied to the Bank of England, and they would not give her a bank post-bill for less than 10—having heard of the transaction at Bailey's house before this, I sent for an officer, and she was taken into custody.





JOSEPH SAVAGE
. I am teller at the Bank of England. On the 25th of April these two £20 notes were paid into the bank, No, 6683, dated March 25, 1836, and No, 7763, dated March 29, 1836—I cannot say whether

they were presented by a male or female—the person wrote their address, "Mrs. Hutchinson, No.1, Connaught-terrace, Regent's-park"—I paid it in gold.





ELIZABETH JACOBS
. I live at No. 1, Connaught-terrace, Edgeware-road Paddington. I have lived there seven years last March—during that time the prisoner never had anything to do at our house, nor any body named Hutchinson—we have no lodger—the prisoner is an utter stranger.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know who lives at No. 2.? A. A tailor—it has been all one house—there is only one No.1.





SARAH MACRAE
. In May last I was in the prisoner's service—she came after me at the latter end of April—she was then living at Wood-land-cottage, Woodland-grove, Grove-lane, Camberwell—she lived there alone, by the name of Smith—here is her address, written by herself—she never passed by the name of Hutchinson while I lived with her.





RICHARD BAYS
. I live in London-road, St. George's, in the Borough. The prisoner lived at my house on the 25th of April last—she came on the 15th, and staid till Saturday, the last day of April—she always went by the name of Smith—I never heard the name of Hutchinson—she came home on the 25th of April, at about seven o'clock in the evening, and requested to have my bill—I gave it to her—she then gave me two sovereigns, to pay me—I saw her turn a long purse, with what I suppose to be about forty sovereigns, and some notes rolled up together—she said she had been into the City to receive her dividend.





CHARLES SLOW
 I am accountant in the London Docks—the prisoner's name in Sarah Slow, she is the wife of my brother George—they have been living separate since the letter and of January this year—my brother has been living with me since that time.





JOHN FORRESTER
. I am a constable I took the prisoner into custody at Messrs. Howell's shop—I found a key on her which opened her bed-room door, in Camberwell-grove—I found nothing relating to this charge.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the cheque—I have been in the habit of receiving money from friends, transmitted to me, but I know nothing of this cheque.




GUILTY
 of uttering. Aged 29.—


Transported for Life.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner of a similar description)

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

