





931. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  CLEAVER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of May
, 144 purses, value 5l. 8s.; 12 spoons, value 4s.; 12 forks, value 3s.; and 18 work boxes, value 18s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  Aaron 
                  Joseph
               



             and another.
AARON JOSEPH. I am an importer of foreign merchandize

. I live at No. 8, George-street, Minories


 - I imported a case of merchandize from Calais - some of the goods were missing afterwards.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What partner have you? A. Only 
               
                  Solomon 
                  Joseph
               



            .


                  MORRIS 
                  SOLOMON
               



            . I am in the employ of the prosecutors - they received a case of goods - there was a deficiency in it - it was on one of the floors of the warehouse - it was brought in and opened by one of the workmen, and the contents brought to me in the counting-house on a paper - the prisoner generally accompanied the carman who brought the goods from Galley Quay - I am not aware on whose behalf he came - these goods came on a Thursday; I think it was the 15th of May - the goods appeared to be deficient from the account which was delivered to me of the contents of the case - I missed 12 dozen purses, and the other articles stated in the indictment - on the Monday following one of the young men gave me some information - I went to 
               Mr. Barrett
            's, in Charles-street, Leather-lane - I found part of the property, and Mr. Barrett stated from whom he bought it - I was with the officer when the prisoner was taken in Thames-street - a person named Hollywell, who was with us, said to him, "Do you recollect my buying those purses of you?" the prisoner said, Yes; and he had bought them of a person on the quay - he was then taken.
Cross-examined. Q. Who did you receive the paper from? A. From 
               Crouch
            , a porter in our employ - whenhe opens a case he takes an account of the contents, and hands it to me to see if it is correct - it was opened on Sunday morning, and I took the prisoner on the Tuesday following - there are four or five persons in our employ.


                  GEORGE 
                  BARRETT
               



            . I am a wholesale dealer in Birmingham and Sheffield ware. I bought these purses, and ten spoons and forks, of Mr. Hollywell, on the 16th of May, for which I paid him 2l. 3s. 7d.


                  HENRY 
                  JOSEPH HOLLYWELL
               



            . I am a general dealer. I know the prisoner - he came to my house on the 16th of May, I think - I had known him five or six months before- he has fetched me to see goods which I have bought of other persons - I bought of the prisoner eleven dozen and a half of purses, ten salad spoons and forks, for which I paid him a guinea - I sold them to Mr. Barrett the same day for 2l. 3s. 7d. - I was not aware of their value when I bought them - I was asked 30s. for them, and gave a guinea- a person named Lane was present, but he is not here.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you examined the things before you bought them? A. I did - I counted the purses - they appeared to be new - I think I got from Mr. Barrett the price I asked him - I did not think I bought them a particularly good bargain - I don't know whether they are worth more - I am not a dealer in toys - I never handled any of these articles before - I asked the price I did for them, as I have frequently been forced to abate something - I am always glad to buy any thing I can get a shilling or two by - I know the prosecutor's warehouse, but never was in it - I think I can swear I never was in it till after the prisoner was apprehended - there is scarcely a toy-warehouse that I am not in the habit of going to once or twice a week, except Mr. Joseph's - when I said I thought I could swear I never was in his warehouse, I meant I never had, but I turned it over in my mind.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MAHEY
               



            . I am warehouseman to Mr. Smith, of Galley Quay. This case came to be examined there, and was opened in the presence of Mr. Joseph - I saw the articles put into the case again, and nailed up - I cannot say the goods are the same.


                  RICHARD 
                  CROUCH
               



            . I am warehouseman to Mr. Joseph. I opened the case, and put down the contents - I gave the paper to Mr. Solomon - he said it was not right.
Cross-examined. Q. Who did you get the case from? A. The prisoner and another man, who is not yet taken.
AARON JOSEPH. I examined the property at the Custom-house, and paid the duty - I stood by while the articles were put into the case - these were afterwards missed.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose these are not peculiar to your house in London? A. No - there are large consignments of such goods to other houses - I have no mark on these goods - I think they are mine - I paid the duty for such goods - I saw them put in the case again, and when they came home they were missing - they are worth between 6l. and 7l.
H. J. HOLLYWELL re-examined. Q. Where did you buy these goods? A. In the parish of St. Luke, in the county of Middlesex.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
