



506. 




WILLIAM AXTELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of January, 36 trusses of hay, value 4l. 17s. 6d., the goods of 




James Mason and another.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES MASON
. I am a hay salesman, and am in partnership with a lady named Brown. On Thursday, the 4th of January, the prisoner came to me in Smithfield, and bargained with me for a load of hay, which was to come to 4l. 17s. 6d., and according to agreement paid me 5s., and said he would send the rest by the man—the giving the 5s. was his voluntary offer, not a demand made by me—I told him that when the man arrived with the hay he would ask for the remainder of the money—(it was to be delivered in Cromer-street)—he said the money should be sent back—

I sent Thomas Tookey, the farmer's man, with it—he is not my own servant—I gave him directions to receive the money before he delivered the hay—he was not to come back without the money—the prisoner was aware of those directions—he did not hear them given, but I told him the man would ask for the money—Tookey left with the hay about half an hour after I sold it.

Q. When the prisoner gave you the 5s., what did you say to him? A. I said, "The man will ask you for the rest when he arrives with the hay"—he said, "Very well, I will give it to him"—the prisoner was a stranger, which made me so particular—this was about half-past twelve o'clock—Tookey was not present at the time—I sent the hay—it was the property of myself and partner—we were answerable for the money—next morning I saw the prisoner at Battle-bridge, and said to him, "You have been swindling me out of this load of hay"—he replied, "I should have paid the man, but was disappointed in taking the money from that person," pointing to a person in the road.

Q. Did he appear to you to have been in company with that person? A. No—he was separated from him at the time—I said, "If you do not pay for that load of hay you have bought, in the way you have agreed, I shall give you into custody"—he said, "I cannot pay because that man has not paid me"—I then gave him into custody—I remember looking through a stable-door, near Battle-bridge—I could Dot tell whether it was the prisoner's stable, or I should have broken it open.

Q. Did he say any thing to you about if? A. He said he had lost the key of the place—I saw a few trusses of hay there—I said, "What have you done with it?"—he said he had sold part of it to a friend—I merely had a casual view of the place—I suppose I saw six or seven trusses there.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Did you furnish a bill of parcels? A. I gave it to the man—the policeman has it—the man did not bring it back again—it was found in the prisoner's possession afterwards—I am accustomed to dealing in hay—I never knew it was the custom to pay 5s. in advance—I never met with it—if he had paid me the money next morning, I should not have taken him into custody—I told the carman to get the money before he delivered the hay—the prisoner had agreed to pay me for the hay, and if he had paid me in any shape, of course I should have been satisfied—I told him before the Justice that he might pay if he chose, and the Magistrate told him so too—he said, "You can pay for it now if you have the means, if you intend to pay for it you may, but if you will not, you must go to gaol."

Q. Did the prisoner tell you he had furnished some hay to a friend? A. He said he had sold part to a friend—he did not point out the individual he had sold the hay to—that was the man he said he was to have had some money from, and who was the cause of his not being able to pay—he said he did not intend to swindle me, and the reason he could not pay was the man disappointing him.

COURT. Q. Is it the custom to have ready money for the sale of hay? A. With strangers it is.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did the proposition to hand out the 5s. come from himself? A. Yes; not from me—he got the 4l. 17s. worth of hay for

5s.—I have never got a farthing of it since—I am in a very large way of business, and am very well known in the market.





THOMAS TOOKEY
. I am carter to Mr. George Ellis. On the 4th of January I took this hay for the prosecutor to the prisoner's residence, as he represented—he took me to No. 108, Cromer-street, which is a beer-shop—that was the place to which I was originally directed to take it—I saw the prisoner when I brought the hay there—I asked him whether he had bought it, whether it belonged to him—he said "Yes"—he said "You must come along with me"—I gave him the bill—he did not ask me for it—it was for 4l. 12s. 6d.—it was a bill of parcels—he was to pay me that—when I gave him the bill, he said, "Come along with me"—he took me to Battle-bridge mews—I undid the ropes, and delivered the hay into the stable—there were thirty-six trusses—he took them into the stable himself—I then asked him whether he was going to pay me—he told me I must go up to Cromer-street again—I did so, and took the empty cart along with me—when we got there he went into the house—he went into the front door and came out again, and told me his wife was not at home, that she was gone to the other end of the town—I am quite sure he said his wife was not at home—I am sure he told me it was his wife—I told him it did not matter to me about his wife, I wanted the money—he said, "You must come along with me up Cromer-street, to go into Gray's Inn-lane, to my sister"—he told me to stop in Gray's Inn-lane—I did so, and he ran down the street, and came back to me, and told me his sister was not at home—I told him I wanted the money, 4l. 12s. 6d., and said he must go back to Mr. Mason's with me, or else pay me then—he said, "Do you think Mr. Mason will doubt my word for 4l. 12s. 6d.?"—I said, "Yes, perhaps he might"—he said I was to go up into Cromer-street with him again—he did not go all the way with me—he went about half-way up the street and then sent one of his men with me, as he called him, and said he would be back in about ten minutes—I went to No. 108, Cromer-street, and waited till half-past six o'clock in the evening—I went there about three o'clock—he never came back, and I went back to my master without the hay or money.





RICHARD MARTIN
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on this charge—I asked him if he was married—he said he was not—I am certain he said so.





SAMUEL BURTON
. I know the prisoner, and know the stable at Battlebridge—our horses stand in the next stable—I saw the hay go in one evening, (I do not recollect the day of the month,) and next morning I saw a cart with a grey horse, and two men loading it—one was loading and the other putting hay out of the loft into the cart—I cannot swear it was the same hay—it was hay—it was between five and six o'clock in the morning—I saw nearly half a load put on before I left the yard, (about eighteen trusses,) and I left them loading still.

Cross-examined. Q. It is not uncommon to work at that time in the morning? A. No—I have harnessed my horse at five o'clock in the morning, before this—I did not see how much hay was in the stable.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it daylight? A. No.

MR. DOANE
to
RICHARD MARTIN. Q. The prisoner had several examinations, I believe? A. Two—he was allowed to go at large and surrender, but he did not come for two hours after the time, at the second examination, not till the prosecutor had left, and he was then remanded again.

(MR. DOANE, on the prisoner's behalf, urged, that having purchased the hay, it was simply a debt, and not a felony.)




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
