





Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
1632. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WINDSOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of July
, 17 silver spoons, value 4l. 1s.; 1 teapot, value 10s., and 4 forks, value 9s., the goods of 
                     
                        Clarissa Mary Ann 
                        Freemantle
                     




                  , in her dwelling-house
            .


                  ANN 
                  MARY COLLINS
               



            . I am servant to Mrs. Clarissa Mary Ann Freemantle, who lives in Queen's-row, Pentonville


. On the 22nd of July, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, I was at the first floor window, and saw the prisoner leaving the garden - suspecting him, I ran down instantly, and missed this property from the kitchen closet - I had put it out of my hands ten minutes before;the cupboard was open - I followed, and overtook him in Claremont-square; I laid hold of him, and charged him with it - he broke from me; I raised a cry of Stop thief! he was brought back to me at the corner of Middleton-street; I had lost sight of him.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  GOODMAN
               



            . I work at Mr. Aker's liverystable, Arlington-street, about a quarter of a mile from Claremont-square, on the 22nd of July. An alarm was given, and the prisoner came by me, as I was washing a chaise - he jumped over a cistern and over a wall into the back of No. 108, St. John's-street; I saw his countenance so as to know him again - I followed him down the garden - he ran through the house, and down the front area steps; he shut the area door - I went to the front kitchen window, and saw him pull the silver spoons out of his pocket, and put them under the mat at the door; I secured him in the area, and gave the spoons to the Policeman.


                  EDWARD 
                  GROGAN
               



            . I am a Policeman. I met the prisoner in Rosamond-street, in Goodman's custody - Goodman gave me all the things but the tea-pot, which a baker in Arlington-street gave me - as I took him to Hattongarden he said it would be the breaking of his mother's heart; that want drove him to it, and he was sorry for it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner pleaded poverty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
