





Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
983. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of March
, 1 seal, value 22s.; 1 watch-key, value 6s., and 1 ring, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Hayward
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  HAYWARD
               



            . I am a publican
, and live in the Lower-road, Islington. On the 31st of March, betweenthree and four o'clock in the afternoon, I was at the entrance of the Insolvent Debtors' Court


 - I had a watch in my pocket; as I ran up the steps I felt the seals with my hand - I did not see the prisoner when I first went, but there was a great crowd; I had heard an insolvent's name called out, and was very anxious to get in, but I heard the officer call out that it was put off; I retreated a little - I then felt a pressure on my watch-pocket, and saw the prisoner close upon me - as he passed me I put my hand down, and looked; I then missed my seal, key, and ring: I immediately seized the prisoner by the collar - he struggled very hard to get into the body of the Court, but I pulled him back, and called for an officer, saying I was robbed - I was some time before I got assistance, but I never let him go; I had a very desperatestruggle, and fought away with my umbrella, to keep the people from closing round me till I got him down the steps, and he was secured; a friend took up this key, and gave it to me three or four minutes after I had secured the prisoner, in the lobby of the Court - I am quite sure it was the key that was taken from me; it had been fastened to my watch by a chain; the ring, the seal, and the key had been taken from it; I saw the seal a very short time afterwards, when a gentleman produced it - I knew it to be mine.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. There were a great many persons? A. Yes; I was pressing against a great many persons - it is possible that the clothes of some of the persons might draw the things from me; I was going in at the centre door - the room is on the left side of the Court; the prisoner was taken in there - I took the prisoner as I found he was pressing against me.


                  RICHARD 
                  CRUTE
               



            . I am a saddler. I was at the Court- I was nearly on the floor; I saw the prisoner there, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I ran from my seat, and went to the door which leads towards the lobby; I saw Mr. Boar holding the prisoner - he said, "The seal is in his hand, try to take it out;" I went towards the prisoner, and saw the seal in his right hand - three or four were trying to get it from him - I at last got it from him, and said, "Here it is;" I then gave it to the officer - the prosecutor claimed it, and the prisoner denied that he had had it.
RICHARD BOAR. I am an accountant, and live in Kennington-lane. I was at the Court; I heard a scuffle, and the cry of Stop-thief! I was in the passage, and ran round to the lobby, where I saw the prisoner and the prosecutor struggling; I seized the prisoner by the right hand, in which I saw a seal, which Mr. Crute got from him - there was a violent struggle, and a person, who is not present, was forced to bite his hand to make him give way; I dragged the prisoner into the room, and gave him to the officer.


                  JOHN 
                  LEACH
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was given into my charge - the seal and key were delivered to me, but the ring has not been found.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written defence, merely declaring his innocence, and stating that his connexions were highly respectable.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
