





OLD COURT. - Friday, May 16th.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
784. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WEDDERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Lewis
                        




                     
                  , on the 11th of April
, at St. Marylebone, and stealing therein 1 timepiece, value 30s., his property
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I live with my father, 
               
                  George 
                  Lewis
               



            ,in Little Chesterfield-street


, St. Marylebone; he is a sweep. I missed a timepiece, about half-past six or a quarter before seven o'clock, on Friday morning, the 11th of April, from the mantel-piece in the front parlour - I had seen it on Thursday night, at half-past eight or nine o'clock - my father's housekeeper and three lodgers were in the house at the time - one of the lodgers had shut the house up that night, and she let her fellow-lodger in, at half-past eleven o'clock - she is not here - we could see the marks on the wall which they had climbed over, and on the dust hole - the yard door did not appear to have been broken open - they might have got in at the back parlour window, and that would lead to where the clock was.


                  THOMAS 
                  ADLINGTON
               



             (police-constable D 69). On the morning of the 11th of April, I was on duty, in Charles-street, Manchester-square, and saw the prisoner and another man coming in at the bottom of Charles-street, about half-past one o'clock - it is about a quarter of a mile from Little Chesterfield-street - I went over to the prisoner, who crossed away from me - he had a cape on - I asked why he had put that on - whether he was afraid it would be wet - he said he was - I asked what he had got under it - he said nothing - I unbuttoned his jacket, put my hand in under the cape, and found the timepiece - I asked where he got it - he said he did not know - I asked where he was going to take it - he said, "Home;" and, on the way to the station-house, he slipped his arm out, and said, "How b - y you pinch my arm."
WILLIAM LEWIS re-examined. The window was not fastened - it was down in the usual way - this is my father's clock.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
