





944. 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  SMITH
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2d of May
, 1 watch, value 2l. 10s.; 1 seal, value 1s.; 1 watch-key, value 6d.; and 1 watch-ribbon, value 4d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jonathan 
                           Lewsey
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JONATHAN LEWSEY. I am a gentleman's servant
, but am out of place. On the 2d of May, at a quarter before one o'clock in the morning, I met the prisoner in James-street, Haymarket


; I had no conversation with her at all, but she came suddenly up to me and snatched out my watch; she ran off, and I pursued her; she ran into Whitcomb-street, and into a house; I went into the passage of the house, and waited while a young man called the officer, who went up stairs, but could not find the watch there - he found it afterwards.


                  HARRIET 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I was in James-street at a quarter before one o'clock that morning - I saw the prosecutor walking quite alone, but he was intoxicated - the prisoner came down the street, stopped him, and took his watch from him- I did not hear a word pass between them - I did not know the prisoner before.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. How long did this take? A. Not many minutes - I had never seen the prisoner before, but I am sure she is the woman; I know her by her bonnet and her dress.


                  JOHN 
                  BURKE
               



             (police-constable, C 124). I saw the prosecutor in the passage, he told me a woman had taken his watch from him in James-street and run into that house; I went up stairs and met two women and a man coming down - I found nothing on them; I then went up higher, and found two young women in bed; I made them get up, and searched the room, but found nothing - I then went into the cellar, and found the prisoner; I asked her for the watch, she denied having it; I brought her up stairs, and said I would take her to the watch-house; she said if I would allow her to go down, she would find the watch; I went down, and found it under the cellar stairs.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the watch to go with him to a house in Coventry-court, which I did; and when we came out, I took it to this house, to leave it for some money - I was tipsy as well as he was.
WILLIAM JONES. I am a private in the Guards. I met the gentleman and a young woman together at the corner of Little James-street, turning into the Haymarket, about half-past twelve o'clock - they made a stop, and the gentleman said "I have no money, not a farthing, but my watch," and he had his watch in his hand; he said "Do you know any house where we can leave it for a few shillings;" she said "If you will give me the watch I will try," and they went towards Whitcomb-street - I merely looked round and looked at their dress - the next morning I was passing the street, and heard of the young woman being taken, and I told what I had seen to two young women; and the same night I told a policeman of it.
COURT. Q. How long have you been in the Guards? A.Eighteen years - I had never seen the prisoner before that I know of - they were walking - I have seen the prisoner's mother; that was the day we were at Westminster Sessions-house; I had not known her mother before, but she found me out by some means - I did not go before the magistrate, I was at drill that morning - I know the house in Whitcomb-street, I have been there in company with a young woman, but not with the prisoner; I have been there more than once, but never had any conversation with any one there - I had not seen the prisoner before, but I noticed their dress; the gentleman had brown top-boots on, and the woman had a sky-blue bonnet.


                  MARY 
                  FEWSTER
               



            . I am a widow, and live at Lambeth. I know nothing of the prisoner, but I was coming from Somers-town that night, and passing down the Haymarket about half-past twelve o'clock, I saw a man and a woman together coming out of a court, and going down the Hay-market - I heard the man say to the woman, "I have no money," but I did not see him do any thing.
COURT. Q. You knew nothing of the parties? A. No, I did not see the soldier, nor the brothel-house keeper, nor the house; three or four nights afterwards as I was coming along the Haymarket, I met a person who asked me if I had been out on such a night, and she asked where I lived, and I told her, and then they sent me this summons to attend here - I cannot tell how many men and women I saw walking together the same evening; I have since found that the person who spoke to me had been sent by the prisoner's mother.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
