





595. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     HILTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of January
, 1 silver spoon, value 20s., and 1 jelly-mould, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William John 
                           Albert
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  ISABELLA 
                  ANN ALBERT
               



            . I am daughter of 
               
                  William 
                  John Albert
               



             - he is a abroad; my mother lives at Chelsea


. The prisoner was our servant
 for one week - we gave her four silver spoons for the dinner, as we had soup; we missed one of them, and have not found it - we found this jelly-mould,(which is ours,) at her lodgings on the 22nd of January; she asked permission to go out that afternoon - my mother desired her not, but to go and get her wash up, instead of which she brought up the tea and ran out of the house; there was no other person in the house who could have taken the articles but a work-woman, and at her request we searched her.
Prisoner. Her mamma gave me the jelly-mould to keep my sugar in? Witness. No, she did not, and the prisoner did not say so at the time.
MATILDA MANN. I laid the four silver spoons on the table, and when the prisoner was gone I went down and missed one.


                  DAVID 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I was sent to search the prisoner's lodging, and found this mould concealed in a cupboard.
Prisoner's Defence. I left the place because I was ill-treated - my young mistress asked me one day to pawn my gown to get some money to go out, and I would not; she then asked me to pawn one of her dresses - I refused, and she said she would tell her mamma, and get me turned away; she wanted me to go and do it unknown to her mamma, because she was blind; and at the office she offered to take me back, if I would do it as the other servants had done.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
