






1266. 




JOSEPH LILL
 and 




WILLIAM BAXTER
 were indicted for

burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 

the Guardians of the Poor of the Holborn Union, at 
St. Andrew's, Holborn, about the hour of twelve in the night of the 
14th of March, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 22 pairs of trowsers, value 3l. 6s.; 4 jackets, value 12s.; 4 waistcoats, value 8s.; 4 pairs of shoes, value 12s.; 2lbs. weight of tea, value 6s.; 281bs. weight of sugar, value 14s.; 41bs. weight of cheese, value 1s.; and 31bs. weight of soap, value 1s.; their goods.—2nd COUNT, stating the house and property to belong to 



James Mantnan; and 




WILLIAM WITTY
 and 




WILLIAM BROWN
, were indicted for

feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE FOXALL
. I am porter at the workhouse of the guardians of the poor of the Holborn Union, on Saffron-hill. On Thursday night, the 14th of March, I made the workhouse fast in the usual way—I saw it safe between eleven and twelve o'clock—I then went to bed—I reside in the house—there is a window to the lodge, which joins the house—there is

a doorway out of the passage into the lodge—there is no shutter to the window—it was fastened by a brad—nobody could force it open without violence—I got up next morning, about six o'clock, and found the lodge window taken out altogether, forced off and lying on a pent-house—the passage between the lodge and the street door was also open—I had closed it the night before—by taking the window down, a man could enter the premises—I found some soap and other things lying about in the passage—the window of the strong room, which was close by, was hove up, and a wire lattice, which had been there, was taken down and lying in the passage—that window had been fastened over night by a spring fastening—it must have been undone from the inside, as no glass was broken—I saw no mark of a chisel having been used.





JAMES MANTNAN
. I am master of the workhouse. On Friday morning, the 15th of March, within five minutes of six o'clock, I received information of the state of the premises—I found them as described by the porter—I examined the store-room and missed the articles stated—the small window leading to the porter's lodge was taken off and slid back, and by means of a crow-bar or chisel the beading had been forced out—this crow-bar was lying by—a padlock was forced off the small wicket door and was lying on the ground—in the middle of the same day I was at the White Horse public-house on Great Saffron-hill—the prisoner Lill was there, and I believe Baxter, but I am not certain—there were two bundles on the table—they had two women in their company—I gave Lill in charge—on their bundles being examined, they contained loose tea and sugar and several pieces of cheese—on my giving Lill in charge he threw off his coat and put himself in an attitude for fighting—he was not sober; he was strongly under the influence of drink—(looking at the articles)—I should not like to swear to them; they appear to be the same, in all respects, as what were lost—Lill had been an inmate of the workhouse for some months, and Baxter also for some time, but he had left some time—Lill had left on the 11th of March, at his own request—this pair of trowsers—(looting at a pair)—are the same kind and description as we lost—there is no mark on them, but the contractor's mark of the size.





WILLIAM ADAMS
. I am a policeman. I apprehended Lill on the 15th of March, at the White Horse, and took possession of the things I have produced—I saw Baxter there also, but no charge was made against him then—I took him into custody on Sunday evening, the 17th of March, in Gray's Inn-lane—I told him I took him for being concerned in the robbery at the workhouse—on going to the station-house, he said, "I am safe to be lagged, but will it be of any benefit to me if I tell you all about it?" I told I would not advise him, he must use his own discretion, and he said no more about it—I took Brown into custody the same day, at his house in Laystall-street—he keeps a marine store shop there—I found the pair of trowsers, which have been produced, in a box in the first floor front room—I asked him where he got them; he said he bought the duplicate of a man he did not know, and took them out of pledge at a shop at the top of Eyre-street-hill—there is a pawnbroker's there; this was on Sunday, the 17th, as the robbery was on the 14th—I produce a waistcoat which I received from a person named Parr on the same night, before I went to apprehend Brown—I watched Parr into Brown's house, with Baxter—they came out together—I saw Baxter go into Gray's Inn-lane, where I took him, and Parr afterwards gave me the waistcoat.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sore of the words Brown used about the ticket of the trowsers? A. Yes—he did not say his son had bought it—he said he had bought it himself—I knew nothing of Parr or Savage previous to this affair—the trowsers have been at the station-house ever since, but I marked them with ink myself—I am quite sure of them—there is only one pocket to them.





WILLIAM PARR
. I was a pauper in the workhouse when this happened—I accompanied Baxter to Brown's house—I went in with him, and went up to the first floor—Brown was at home—after being there a little time, I saw fourteen pairs of trowsers, some fustian jackets and some waist-coats, the same kind as I had seen at the workhouse—in consequence of instructions I had received, I brought away one of the waistcoats under my cott—Baxter saw me do it—I do not know whether Brown saw me—I and Baxter came out together, and met Adams the officer—he took Baxter, and I gave him the waistcoat—while we were in Brown's house Brown asked Baxter where the chisel was, which he had lent him to open the window with—Baxter said he had left it behind—Brown said, "It is no matter"—Baxter asked Brown where the other trowsers were which he had—he said he had sold three pairs to get a Sunday's dinner, as the last 4s. he had he had given to Baxter on the Saturday night, and he had no more money.

Cross-examined. Q. How long were you in the workhouse? A. Three or four months at one time, and twelve months or more at another time—about four months the last time—I went there, as I was thrown off a horse in Hyde-park, belonging to Lord Charlemont—I was tried here once for knocking a man down on Mount Pleasant, and robbing him of his watch, and acquitted—Mr. Hewitt, the master of Gray's Inn-lane workhouse, also charged me with having something to do with a clock of his which was stolen—I was acquitted then—I was never charged with any thing else—I went with Baxter to Brown, in consequence of Mr. Hewitt asking me, on the 16th of March, if I knew where to find the things.





MICHAEL SAVAGE
. I have come from the House of Correction, where the Magistrate committed me, as a witness, for want of sureties. I was a pauper in the work-house some years back, but not at the time in question—on the 14th of March I went there with Lill and Baxter, at half-past eleven o'clock at night (we had passed the house several times in the course of the day)—we hoisted Lill over the fence—he broke in, and came and let Baxter and I in at the wicket-gate—he had this small chisel with him—we took down the wire fence of the store-room window, shoved the window up, and Lill entered the room—we took away seventeen pairs of trowsers, five jackets, five waistcoats, four pairs of trowsers, two pairs of stockings, and about two dozen laces, 28lbs. weight of sugar, done up in a brown paper bag, tied round with string, 3 or 4lbs. weight of soap, and some cheese—I put on a suit of the clothes under my own—Lill put some over his shoulder, and Baxter some over his—we all three then went to fetch a cab in Holborn, leaving the rest of the things in the yard of the workhouse—Witty is the man that drove the cab—we brought him down to Ray-street, opposite the workhouse—I told him to drive to Aylesbury-street and back again, and by that time the things were ready to put into the cab—I do not think he saw where we got them from—the cab stood just round the corner, out of sight of the gate—I put the things in—we got inside, and Lill rode on the box—we drove to Laystall-street, one or two

houses past Brown's—it was a four-wheeled cab, like a post-chaise—I did not tell Witty why we called him at that early hour—the bag was not quite so big as I am—it was a white bag—I then paid Witty a half-crown, and he went away—we took the things out of the cab and put them into Brown's house—I do not know whether Witty saw us do that—when we took the things out of the cab he went away—I paid him the half-crown after we put the things into Brown's house—we found Brown up, sitting by the fire—we put the things into the passage, and then took them down into the cellar—we then went up and told Brown we had brought the things—he asked what they consisted of—we told him jackets, shoes, waistcoats, soap, and laces—I hardly know what he said; he was three-parts drunk, and muttered to himself—he gave me two half-crowns—he had given me one half-crown the afternoon before, when I went there with Lill, about half-past three or four o'clock—I then asked him to lend me 3d. or 4d. on a handkerchief I had, and asked him if he had a chisel—he went into the shop, brought out the chisel, and lent it to me—I told him we had a view of breaking into the workhouse on Little Saffron-hill—I received 1l. from Brown on Saturday night, and Lill had all but 25s., the rest of 2l. 10s.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know Hatton-garden again when you got there? A. Yes, pretty well, and Clerkenwell too—I was there three months for having illegal possession of some pewter pots—that is twelve months ago—I am eighteen years old—I have been getting my living the best way I could since.





WILLIAM ROBERT JAMES
. I am clerk to the Holborn Union. I produce the order of the Poor Law Commissioners incorporating the Union—it is under their seal—the Guardians have met and acted under that incorporation for three years—this robbery took place at their workhouse.

LILL—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.

BAXTER—


GUILTY
 Aged 22.




Transported for Ten Years.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 44.

WITTY—


NOT GUILTY
.
