



467. 




JOHN PITTOCK
 was indicted

  for stealing, on the 
16th of August, at 
St. Mary, Newington, 50 sovereigns, 12 half-sovereigns, 2 crowns, 8 half-crowns, 25 shillings, 10 sixpences; 1 watch guard, value 10s.; 1 piece of parchment, value 1s.; 1 piece of paper, value 2d.; and 1 snuff-box, value 30s.; and 1 £5 Bank-note, the goods and monies of 



John Pryse, in his dwelling-house.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN PRYSE
. I am an oil and colourman, and carry on business at No. 37, Crosby-row, Walworth-road, in the parish of Newington. I have known the prisoner seven or eight years, and always treated him like a brother—he has been at my house for two months at a time—on the 16th of August he had been staying at my house for some days—we went together to Brentford on the 15th, and returned home together—he slept that night in my first floor room—it was on Friday—on Saturday morning, the 16th, my breakfast was brought into my bed-room by the prisoner—he said, "Are you going to get up?"—I said, "No; I shall not get up yet"—he said nothing about leaving at all—not at any time—I did not see him again till the 9th of December, when he was in custody—I found about half-past twelve o'clock that morning that my cash-box and its contents were gone—I went to his brother-in-law after him, and gave notice, offering a reward of 5l. in the Hue and Cry—on Monday, the 18th, I received a paper parcel by the Woolwich carrier—this is the parcel, it is in the same condition as when I received it—when I last saw my cash-box, the lease of my house was in it, also this policy, and these letters, which are in the parcel, delivered to me by the carrier—there was an address on the parcel, as also on a second white cover, which it has—I have often seen the prisoner write, and have a great deal of his writing—I have seen him write frequently—I believe the address on the white paper to be the prisoner's writing—it has the appearance of it—the writing on the brown paper is similar to the writing on the white—I believe that is in the prisoner's handwriting—when we were at Brentford that day, the prisoner mentioned that he was in great difficulties, and was indebted to the landlady 8l. or 9l., and he must go and pledge, to "raise the wind."

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was any body present at that conversation? A. Nobody—I told his brother-in-law's partner, named Penrice, that he had a sovereign—I said he had changed a sovereign a day or two before—I think the writing is his, from comparing it with some in the book, which I have, and from seeing so much writing of his—from seeing so much in the book like it, from comparing it with the book—that is the reason I believe it to be his handwriting—I never said I had lost two £10 notes in the box—I never said so to Penrice, or to any body—the prisoner surrendered himself up on this charge—I did not see the box at all that morning—I got up about twelve o'clock, and missed it about half-past twelve o'clock—my mother first missed it—I had not seen it for several days before—only two persons slept in the house besides the prisoner—my family consisted of my mother and myself, the porter and shop-boy—I have no partner—I do not know what money was in the box—I am a married man—my wife was not in the house—she had left a week—she was gone home—her home was my home, but she went to her aunt's a week before—she has not returned—I did not know of her going—she left me without giving me notice, in consequence of my going out with the prisoner on the Sunday previous

—I have seen her since—she is very ill in the country—she was vexed with me for going to spend the evening with the prisoner, and left—the left on the Sunday previous to the 16th—we had words about my going out with the prisoner—I said I would go out—she said if I did, she should be very much offended, if I went out and spent the evening with him—I did not expect she would leave—she took her things away with her—she did not tell me what she took away—my wife had no quarrel with the prisoner—she never approved of his conduct, he being a wild rackety young man, and I being a married man—he had no quarrel with my wife—I have frequently been out with him to the theatres and other places—he used to pay for himself; and we went to taverns—we supped and drank together there: he paying his share of the bill, and I mine—there was no one present when he told me he wanted money.

Q. Did it not strike you to say, "How can you afford this, going to the theatre, tavern, and other places, with me? A. No, I stated that whomever he wanted money, he should have it—I hate lent him money—I lent him 2s. 6d. at that visit—I have not been night after night to the theatres with him—I have been twice to the theatres with him, and perhaps a dozen times to public-houses—he went and pledged, to get money—he told me so, though I offered to lend him money—I did not go with him to pledge—he never told me how much he pawned—I did not encourage him to go to public-houses—I went with him, and sat with him—we did not sit much, we generally were walking about for pleasure, but merely took a glass and went away—we drank sometimes gin, and sometimes brandy—I did not know he was going away—I swear that—he had nothing at my house except while he staid there, and he had been at my warehouse several days, but he went home during that time, to change his linen—he staid about two hours the last time he went—he slept in my house the whole of that week—I have been out with him as late as-twelve o'clock at a public-house, it might be one o'clock, or between twelve and one—I will not swear we have not been out till between one and two o'clock.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You have been asked if you judge of his handwriting by comparing what writing you have of his in that book, and the papers—have you seen him write? A. Yes, I do not form my judgment alone from comparison, but from seeing him write—he took stock for me last August—my mother had the cash-box after my wife left—I had a very good opinion of the prisoner—I would have left my money untold on my table before him.





MARY PEYSE
. I am the prosecutor's mother, and was living with him. The prisoner had been staying with him some time—on the 15th of August I took the cash-box out of the cupboard, up to bed: I counted the money—there was 56l. in gold, one £5 note, and 3l. in silver—I placed the box under my pillow—I found it there when I awoke in the morning, took it down, placed it in the cupboard, and shut the door—I afterwards opened it to change a sovereign—I am positive the money was the same in amount as it was before—I breakfasted at half-past eight o'clock, or between that and nine—there is a glass door between the parlour and the shop—the breakfast things had been removed—I saw the prisoner come down about half-past nine o'clock—I left hit breakfast for him—I was in the shop—the shop door was open as usual, and things at the door—I did not observe whether the glass door was closed—I did not go to the cupboard where the cash-box was, after giving the change of the sovereign, till about twelve o'clock—I knew the prisoner was gone then, for I missed him about eleven o'clock—if he had gone out of the front door,

he must have gone through the shop—there is a side door, and when I went into the parlour about twelve o'clock, I found it half-open—I had left the key in the cupboard, but the door was closed—I had the key of the cash-box in my pocket—the cash-box was then gone.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Before your son's wife left the house, who used to keep the cash? A. I mostly did—my daughter-in-law very seldom did—I cannot say what was in the cash-box when she left, but on the Saturday before there was 45l. in it—the cupboard was the place where it was always deposited—I did not know she was going—I was out at the time—I had the money in my possession when she left the house—we lock the cupboard and take the key out on Sundays—we go out by the side door on Sundays, because the shop door is locked—the side door opens into the street, and you have only to cross a very narrow passage or small lobby to get to the parlour—I found both the doors open when the money was lost—the side door could not be opened from the outside—a person might walk in from the street if it was left open—on most mornings the prisoner went out and came back to dinner, and then he used to go through the shop—he had no business to do—no part of this money was mine—I have no share in the profits, nor has any one but my son—the £5 note had been in the cash-box for a week—I changed it for a tradesman who is not here—he marked it before he brought it to me, not on the back, but in the flourish of the 5l., in a very particular manner—I cannot say whether there were any marks on the back—I did not examine it—then was no £10 note lost.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did the prisoner know that the box was usually placed in the cupboard? A. Yes—it would be very easy for any person inside the house to open the side door and get out—the prisoner usually passed through the shop, but it was easier for him to go out at the side door—I cannot tell whether he would have been seen by any body—there was no one in the lobby—he would have been seen by the shopman if he had gone through the shop—there is no handle outside the side door—nothing but the knocker—I found it open—it had not been open above five minutes—Mr. Frost told me it was open.

JURY. Q. Was the prisoner in the habit of taking a formal leave when he went away? A. He always took his leave of us, when he was going to leave for a good bit, but not when he was going out for an hour—he invariably went through the shop.

COURT. Q. Did you ever find the side door had been opened before? A. No; I never knew the prisoner go out that way.





JAMES COOK
. On the morning of the 16th of August, about ten minutes before ten o'clock, I was grinding pepper at a mill in Mr. Pryse's shop, which is about half a yard from the glass door which leads into the parlour—I cannot see from the mill through the glass to the side door—the parlour door was open, but I could not see into the parlour—I saw the prisoner who was inside the parlour shut that door—I left the mill, to go for some sand, and from there I could see into the parlour, and see the cupboard as I stooped down—I saw the prisoner standing at the cupboard, and the cupboard door was open—I could not see what he was doing—that was about ten o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you ever see him after ten o'clock? A. No; I did not see his breakfast there—there was no blind to the door, but a curtain which I could see through—it is a short, white curtain—there is a window in the parlour—I was about three yards from the parlour door—I did not see Mrs. Pryse coming down stairs—I

staid in the shop till twelve o'clock—I do not know that the prisoner did not leave the house till near twelve o'clock—I cannot tell who I left in the sbop when I went away—there was some one—I think I left the shopman—I did not see him there—I left the shop door open—I had seen the shopman in the shop about half an hour before I left it—I had not noticed any other person—I came to the shop that morning about seven o'clock—I went there to work that week—I left when it was my dinner time, leaving the shop door open—a person could go through the shop into the parlour.





JOHN HUISH
. In August last I was shopman to the prosecutor. On Saturday morning, the 16th of August, about half-past eight o'clock, I applied to Mrs. Pryse for change for a sovereign—the was then in the parlour, and she gave me the change from the cash-box, which she took out of the cupboard—I saw her put it into the cupboard again—I was in the shop the whole of the morning afterwards—I did not observe any thing happen is the parlour between nine and ten o'clock—I saw the prisoner there, and I saw him come and shut the glass door about ten o'clock—that is sometimes shut when they are at breakfast—I did not see the prisoner again till he was in custody—if any person had passed through the shop, and gone into the parlour that morning, I must have seen them—no one did, up to twelve o'clock—Cook was there, and I remember his grinding pepper—I do not know the time he left—I was in the shop at the time he left—the shop door is always open—there was no way for the prisoner to leave the parlour, without coming through the shop, but at the side door—Mrs. Pryse was there and myself, and customers came in the course of the morning—none of them went into the parlour.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who was in the shop at the time the prisoner shut that door? A. Mrs. Pryse and myself—she came down about eight o'clock—her breakfast was over a little after eight o'clock—she was then engaged between the shop and parlour—I am sure she was in the shop when the prisoner shut the door—Cook was there selling some sand at the time, very near that door, and customers were in the shop—Cook went about one o'clock—the prisoner did not breakfast with my mistress—I saw the prisoner come down—I did not see him have his breakfast—I always used to see him when he went away—I do not think he ever left the house without my seeing him, but I would not swear it—no persons leave the house by the side door, in the daytime, but they do at night—there was no maid-servant in the house—it was a tin cash-box.





ROBERT CROSS
. I live at No. 11, East-lane, Was worth, and am a carver and gilder. I know the prosecutor, and I know the prisoner very well, by seeing him backwards and forwards at Mr. Pryse's shop—on the morning of the 16th of August, about ten o'clock, I went to Mr. Pryse's shop to purchase some colour, and I saw the prisoner through the glass door which leads into the parlour—he was standing up before a looking-glass, which is not above three or four inches from the cupboard—when I was served, I was going home to fetch some brushes and go to work, and as I was returning up East-lane to go home, I saw Mr. Pryse's private door open—I did not see who opened it, but I went back to the shop and told Mrs. Pryse what I had seen—I did not stop a minute—it was not more than five minutes from the time I saw the prisoner in the parlour, till I saw the door open.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Who was in the shop at the time

you were purchasing the colour? A. Mrs. Pryse and the shopman—the shopman served me.

JURY. Q. Had you never seen that side door open before? A. Never on working-days—it is always locked.





MARTHA M'GREGGOR
. (This witness being bound over, was called by
MR. CLARKSON, who declined examining her.)

Examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. You have been examined on this charge at the police-office, I believe? A. Yes, and my testimony was taken down in writing—the prisoner lodged at my house in Wardrobe-place, Doctors'-commons, for ten weeks—I remember the 16th of August—I knew before that that he was going to leave town, but he did not tell me where he was going—on that day he came a little before one o'clock, and said he was going that day—he asked me to make out his bill, and my daughter made it out—he remained in my house till half-past four o'clock, or thereabouts—he then Went, and took all his luggage with him—I did not see Mr. Pryse till he came to my house to search, after the prisoner was in custody—I do not recollect his saying that he had lost two £10 notes—my daughter was present, and the police-officer—Mr. Pryse said to me, "Pittock owed you a large bill"—I said, "Mr. Pittock paid me 6l., in a £5 note and a sovereign," which he did before he left town—I examined the note—it was a clean one—there was no writing on the back of it—I paid it to my baker, but I did not keep the number of it—there was no writing at all on it—it appeared a new note direct from the Bank—the prisoner left me in August, and returned on the 3rd of December—he then went on in the usual way—there was no concealment—he paid me regulurly while he lodged with me—that 6l. was all that he owed me at that time—I had money, and a great deal of property in his room, which could easily have been carried off—he knew that my writing-desk was there.

COURT. Q. Then he was in arrears till that 16th of August? A. Yes.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you say a word before the Justice about his having told you he was going out of town? A. Yes—this signature is my handwriting—it was not read, over to me before I signed my name—I will swear it was not, after they had done writing—the whole of it was not read to me before I subscribed my name—I cannot tell how much was read, but I saw the clerk write something afterwards—he read part of it to me before he finished it, then finished it, and did not read the rest.

Q. Now, do you mean to state that any thing was added to this deposition after you signed it? A. I will not say so upon my oath, but to the best of my recollection.

COURT. Q. Is there any part of that deposition which the clerk did not read? or did he read the whole of it to you before you signed it? A. I do not recollect whether he did or no.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you seen the prisoner's attorney here? A. I saw him here, but I did not speak to him—he was in my house the Saturday after Christmas-day—that was the first time I had seen him—I came here to-day with Mr. Penrice—he was at my house last night—I do not know that he is any relation of the prisoner—I had seen him before at Union-hall, and at his warehouse, in Old Change, about twelve months ago, before I knew the prisoner—he came to my house on the 24th of December for a brush for the prisoner—that was all he came for—I asked him how Mr. Pittock was, but that was all.


Q. Will you swear that that was all? A. To the best of my recollection—I would not swear positively—I do not recollect that I spoke to him on the subject of this trial—I cannot say whether I did or no—I will not say whether I did or did not.

COURT. Q. Did you speak to him about this case? A. I asked him how Mr. Pittock was—to the best of my recollection I did not talk about this case—I had no particular conversation with Mr. Penrice.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When the clerk read over to you the statement you had made, did you complain of it, and state that it did not contain all you had said? A. I did not—I did not complain that he had not put down that the prisoner had told me before that he was going to leave—I was not aware it was of any consequence—he told me a week before that he was going—he did not say he was going to Woolwich—he left for good at that time, but I was not surprised when he came back on the 3rd of December—my husband was a merchant—I keep a boarding and lodging house—the prisoner sometimes had his breakfast there—he had his bed-room, and if he chose to walk into the parlour, he might—I cannot say how many lodgers I had.

Q. How was the prisoner to pay you? A. There was no engagement made—he was to pay me 10s. a week for his bed-room—he lodged with me ten weeks—I did not know that he pawned any things while he was there, till the prosecutor found the duplicates—I take lodgers at any time, and keep them as long as they will stay—I may take them for lets time than a week—I do not take them by the day or night—I never had one stop so short a time as three days, nor as a day and night—I will not swear that I have not had them so short as three days—my circumstances have nothing to do with the prisoner's case—my lodgers generally pay when they leave the house—I do not take in strangers—I take none, but what are recommended—they pay when they please—I never asked the prisoner for any rent at all, that I will swear, nor any of my lodgers—I have kept the house fifteen months—I have lost money by the house—the prisoner paid me a clean £5 note about one o'clock—he came home about one o'clock, packed up his things, washed and dressed, and was a long time in his room—he went away about half-past four o'clock—I do not know how far my house is from the prosecutor's—I do not know Walworth—I do not know whether there would be any difficulty in a person getting a £5 note changed, between ten and twelve o'clock—I was present when the duplicates were found in his portmanteau—Mr. Penrice called for me, and I came with him—I am quite sure there was no one else with him—I did not tell the magistrate it was a clean note—he asked no questions about it—I was not asked any thing about it before I came here, to the best of my recollection.

Q. Upon your oath, did you not communicate that fact to the gentleman behind me, and was it not put into his brief? A. I cannot say—I do not know how the gentleman could ask me whether it was dirty or clean—I do not recollect whether I told that to Mr. Warner or not.

COURT. Q. How lately before the 16th of August had the prisoner slept in your house? A. I think he did not on the 16th, nor 14th—I could not say when—he was absent two or three nights—there is a sitting-room common to the lodgers at my house—that is not the room in Which my desk was—that was put in the prisoner's bed-room, to be more handy for me, as I did not choose to leave it in the parlour—no one but the prisoner occupied that bed-room—I did not go to my desk when he was

there—he had no means of knowing that I had money there—I saw the prisoner's attorney on the 17th of December, but nothing more than to speak to him.





JOHN SHARPE
. I am a carrier, and live at Woolwich. On Saturday, the 16th of August, a person left a parcel with me, about half-past two o'clock—he had a hat on—I do not think I have seen the prisoner with his hat on—the prisoner is similar to the man; but I cannot identify the person—I believe he is the man, but I cannot swear to him—the parcel was directed, "Mr. John Pryse, corner of East-lane, Walworth"—this is the wrapper and the direction, I believe—he asked me if I could forward the parcel—I said not that day, for my carts were all gone; but it could go on Monday—he said very well, that would do—I do not think he paid the booking.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was it booked? A. I am certain I booked it; but I do not know whether he paid for it—my notice of the person was not very'particular—I had never seen him before, to my knowledge—my attention was not called to this again till about the 8th of December—I was then shown the prisoner at the police-office, and asked if I knew him—I would not undertake to say he was the person—his cost was dark; but I cannot positively tell the colour, or whether it was a frock or body coat—I cannot tell whether he had a black or white handkerchief.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was your observation most applied to his dress or his features? A. Not particularly to either—Mr. Pryse called on me the day after the parcel was sent, and I gave him the description of the man who brought the parcel.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you describe his dress? A. Yes, in the best way I could.





PETER KENDALL
 (police-constable P 120.) I know Mr. Pryse, and have seen the prisoner—I had seen the advertisement in the Hue and Cry, in the month of August—we had the report of the robbery the following week—I searched after the prisoner several times—on the 9th of December I was at the police-office, Union-hall, and saw the prisoner there, in company with a friend, whom I should know again—I looked at the prisoner, and knew him to be the young man who was wanted—he spoke to the inspector, who turned him over to me—he said he came to give himself up—I asked if he knew the charge that was against him—he said, "Yes"—I asked him if he had any thing to say—he said, "No"—I then took him, and the charge was entered—I afterwards went to search his lodging, at Mrs. M'Greggor's, No. 8, Wardrobe-place, Doctors' Commons—I there found two duplicates; one of a watch and guard, pawned on the 24th of July, for 2l., in the name of Garrett, Tunbridge Wells; and a coat, pawned on the 1st of August, for 1l. 4s., in the name of Garrett, but it did not say where.

Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.
(John Joshua Routledge, draper, Chelsea; Henry Phipps Weston, draper, Dover; Jonathan Croker, wholesale warehouseman, No. 86, Watling-street; Henry Lashmore, linen-draper, Tunbridge Wells; and—Pittock, the prisoner's brother, a draper at Hastings; deposed to the prisoner's good character.)

Prisoner. As soon as I was informed that I was in the Police Gazette, I went to the different offices to try and get the Hue and Cry, but could not; and went and gave myself up.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—Recommended to mercy on account of his previous



good character, and conceiving his connexion with the prosecutor might, in some degree, have been instrumental in leading him to the crime.—

Transported for Life.


Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
