






1537. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PRICE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 5th of July
, 1 promissory note, value 500l.; 1 other note, value 500l.; 1 Bank note, value 500l.; 6 other promissory notes, value 300l.; 6 other notes, value 300l., and 6 Bank notes, value 300l., the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Jamieson
                        




                     
                  , well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute, &c.
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
THOMAS JAMIESON. I am a warehouseman
, and live at Newcastle-on-Tyne. On the 5th of July last I was in Manchester, between one and two o'clock in the afternoon; the street was crowded - I went through the crowd on my way to the Albion hotel; I heard several persons cry "Make way! make way!" I looked round, and saw three gentlemen following me, whom I took for clerks in some warehouse; in attempting to go up the steps of the hotel, there was a large assembly, chiefly women, who opposed my passage, and after some confusion I felt a pressure on my body, and an attempt to take my watch, but it was not taken - I got into the hotel, and found, after some time, on putting my hand into my pocket, that my notes were gone- I had had 800l. in Bank notes in my pocket, and a 30l. promissory note; the largest was a 500l. Bank note - I had felt the notes safe when I got to Manchester, about twelve o'clock in the day; I had received the 500l. note in my own parlour at Newcastle, from Mr. Young, on the 3rd of July - I afterwards saw the two prisoners and another person named Weston before the Magistrate, in London.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. You thought a snatch had been made at your watch? A. Yes - the persons were about me, but at my watch particularly; I was congratulating myself that they had not taken it; I never suspected I had lost any thing else - I had had the notes two days in my possession; they were wrapped up, and were in my left-hand breeches pocket, not in any case - I had thirty or forty sovereigns in the same pocket, and they were not taken; I slept at home on the first night after I received the notes, and on going to bed I left them in my trousers, which laid in my bed-room, with all the money in them - I examined them the next morning, in the coach, as I was going to Leeds; they were all right then, and I put the 30l. note with them - I counted them, and noticed the sum; I think you did not ask me last night whether I had counted or examined the notes. - (see page 678.)
Q. Did you not tell me that you did not count or examine them, but put the note or bill round them? A. I do not recollect hearing the question or giving the answer - I believe I said I did not take the notes from my pocket, from the 3rd to the 5th, when you first asked me the question, but on the second answer I said I did take them out; I considered the question to mean whether the notes were out of my possession - I did look at the notes and examine them; there was no person that morning in the coach but myself, so that they could not have been taken from my pocket in the coach - I do not recollect seeing them when I got out of the coach, but I felt them in my pocket.
COURT. Q. Did you sleep at Leeds? A. Yes - no one slept in the same room; I found the notes were there in the morning, and at Manchester I felt them in my pocket, but did not take them out.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROADBELT
               



            . I keep the Two Bells, in Whitechapel-road. A man named Schooling came to my house on the 17th of July, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon - in consequence of what he said I afterwards saw Weston, and between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I saw the two prisoners, and Weston with them, in a room up stairs in my house; a 500l. note was offered to me in the prisoners' presence - I saw something in Weston's hand; I went down and fetched a bottle of wine, and when I came up again the note laid on the table for me to look at; I do not know who laid it there - I said it did not look very nice, it being in two halves; Weston said, "If you will call for some paper and paste I will paste it togethere" - I said it did not signify; I put on my spectacles, looked at it, and put the two halves together in my left hand - I then rang the bell and called my wife to come in; I told her I wanted the cash-box - she brought it me; the men asked what notes I had got, and said they hoped I had not any big notes - I said I had four 20l. notes, about one hundred and forty sovereigns, and some 5l. notes, and they must take 10l. in silver or give me credit; I was to pay 350l. for the note - I had some officers in a back room, who then came in; the prisoners all rose up and were alarmed - I cried out, "Mistress, take the cash-box down stairs," and I cried out, "Come up all of you, I have got thirty men below;" the officers then handcuffed the men, and told me to put a signature on the note, which was then in my left hand - I laid it on the table; the officer called for a pen and ink - the prisoners then made a scramble at the note, and got the half of it, and I got the other; Smith said, "D-n my eyes, no man shall put a signature on that note" - they were at that time handcuffed; I do not recollect that I said any thing to them, but I looked at them, and they were all gulping together - Schooling and some others came into the room, but they did not say any thing; the prisoners were then taken away.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. And you would give us to understand that a note of this kind was brought to you for improper purposes? A. Yes - the officers were not in the room when the note was given to me, but they were behind; Weston came first, between five and six o'clock, but I did not see the prisoners till between eight and nine - Weston went out and brought them in; I do not know whether he saw them go by or not - what passed about selling the note was in the absence of the prisoners;I was to give 350l. for it - I did not then know that there 100l. reward offered for it, but I know it now.
was Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you at any time see any note in the possession of Price? A. No; I have stated all the circumstances - I told the officers there was something trying on to pass a bad note, or a forged note.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you known a word about this hand-bill at that time? A. No - the prisoners were there when I was asked not to give large notes in exchange, and when I enumerated the notes, silver and gold - I did not know whether the note was stolen or forged, or why it was offered to me; I told the officer - Norris and Shields were sent for afterwards.
COURT. Q. At the time the three men were with you was the name of Schooling mentioned? A. No - he first came and said he knew a man who had a note to sell, and then the other came.
Smith. Q. Did not you say at Lambeth-street that it was Smith snatched the note and ate it? A. I said I thought so, but I would not swear it - I did go and touch you.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were the whole three affecting to swallow at the same time? A. Yes.
JURY. Q. Which of the three was it who said he hoped you had no large notes? A. Weston.


                  JOHN 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I am an officer of Lambeth-street. Broadbelt made a communication to me on Saturday, the 17th of July, and I went to his house about eight o'clock in the evening; I was put into a room on the first floor - I had made an agreement to go into the other room when he called for his spectacles; Stocker, who is not an officer, was with me - when we went into the front room I found Smith, Weston, Price, and the landlord; the prisoners were sitting in chairs round the table - there was a bottle of wine and some glasses on the table; Broadbelt said, "I have the note, and Weston is the person who gave it me" - I said, "What note?" and he said, "A 500l. note;" I sent my companion for an officer - Shields came to me: we handcuffed the prisoners together - Schooling and some other persons came up; I put the prisoners up in a corner of the room, and told Broadbelt to put his initials on the note that I might see what it was - he sat down at the table and pulled out a note from his pocket, first one half and then the other; he put them on the table, and there was a sudden rush made on me by the prisoners - they all appeared to rush on me, and before I could recover myself they were all at a distance from me; I looked at their mouths, and they all appeared to be gulping - I will swear the two prisoners appeared so; one half of the note was missing from the table - it could never be found.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Then you never saw it at all? A. No; they appeared to me to be halfnotes - I had not time to look at them; I have smacked my lips after a glass of wine.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did they appear as if swallowing? A. Yes; they had drank some wine before I got there - I did not hear any thing said about the signature on the note.


                  JAMES 
                  SHIELD
               



            . I am an officer. I went to the house on the 17th of July, and up to the first floor; the two prisoners, and several persons were there - Price and another were tied together with a handkerchief; smith and Schooling were handcuffed; I saw two pieces of paper put on the table, but I had not time to look at them - I saw the one that was left; it was half of a 500l. note - when the papers were put on the table, the four men were placed at the further end of the room; Smith and Schooling complained that their handcuffs were too tight - I examined them, and found they were; I took out the key to loosen them, and they made a rush - I saw three of them scrambling over the table; their hands were off the table, and up to their mouths - they appeared to be chewing something; they afterwards complained of being thirsty, and a pot of half-and-half was given them; Norris took a letter from Price.
Smith. Q. Did you say that I, this man, and another, were reaching over the table? was I not handcuffed at the time to Schooling? A. I did not see him, but I saw you.
Cross-examined by MR. ALLEY. Q. Were they not so handcuffed that they could not reach over the table? A. Only one of their hands was fastened.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BROADBELT
               



            . I gave the half note to the Magistrate, and he gave it to Norris.


                  JOHN 
                  NORRIS
               



            . This is the half note.


                  UTRICK 
                  WALTON DICKINSON
               



            . I am a clerk to Lambton and Co., bankers, Newcastle-on-Tyne. I got a 500l. note from Mr. Hedley, and gave it to Mr. Young - there were other notes, but only one 500l. and six 50l.; I am sure I gave the same notes to Mr. Young I received from Mr. Hedley.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HEDLEY
               



            . I am chief clerk to Lambton and Co., bankers, at Newcastle. On the 3rd of July I received a 500l. note from the branch Bank of England - I put it down to the debit of Mr. Jamieson, and gave it to Mr. Dickinson; I put it down in this book, and have the number - this is one half of it; it has the number, and my own hand-writing, 3rd July, 1830; it is"No. 133, 3rd April, 1828, Newcastle."


                  JAMES 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am nephew to the prosecutor. On the 3rd of July I paid my uncle the same notes I got from Mr. Dickinson; I believe one was a 500l. note.
Price's Defence. I never had any thing to do with the note - I went in to take a glass of wine; I had been to see my little boy at school - I got off the coach, and Weston asked me to go in, and have a glass of wine; that is all I know.
Smith's Defence. I know nothing of it.
JURY to 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BROADBELT
               



            . Q. Did you expect to see any one with Weston in the evening? A. He said he would come between eight and nine o'clock, but did not say whether he would bring any one - I had not money enough in the house to pay them; I had not 100l.
MR. JAMIESON re-examined. Q. You say you saw some persons you thought respectable, were any of them like the prisoners? A. I could not swear to them - they seemed respectable young men, and their faces seemed familiar to me, but I could not swear to them - I am rather short sighted.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.
PRICE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
