



721. 




ELIZA SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of February, at 
St. Paul's, Shadwell, 9 sovereigns and 1 half-sovereign, the monies of 



James Kelly, in the dwelling-house of 



Stephen Gale.






JAMES KELLY
. I am a mariner, belonging to the Rapid. I left the King William public-house on Saturday, the 21st of February—the prisoner took me to No. 7, Union-street—I had met her at the King William—Stephen Gale keeps the house in Union-street—she took me to lodge there—when I got to the house I saw the landlady, and paid her 2s. for

the bed—she conveyed us into the bed-room—I had nine sovereigns and a half in gold, but what silver I had I cannot exactly say—my money was in a bag in my pantaloons pocket—I put my clothes into a chair—I was a little tipsy, but knew what I was doing—I am sure I had the money in my pocket when I went into the house, for when I took the money out to pay the landlady, I saw the gold in my bag—I fell asleep—the policeman awoke me, and asked if my property was safe—I took out my bag, and all the gold was gone, but the silver was there—the prisoner was in the room—she had never come to bed, to my knowledge—she was searched by the policeman, and one sovereign found in her hand, and eight and a half in her bosom.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You went with her from the King William, had you previously been to her lodging? A. No; I did not know her before—I might have seen her before—I fell asleep directly I got there—I was up all the night before—my silver was in the same bag with the gold—I was never with the prisoner before—I never said I knew her before.

Q. Before you went to sleep, did you not give her the money to take care of for you? A. I did not—I never said so—I was never asked if I gave it to her to take care of, to my knowledge—I was sensible enough to know what I was about very well—I had a watch, which was safe on the mantel-piece, and my silver was safe.





JOHN NICHOLAS
. I am a policeman. I was called into this house by Mrs. Gale—I found the landlady and the prisoner at high words—she would not let the prisoner go out, which she wanted to do—she said she expected the man had a deal of money, and she wished to know if his money was right before the girl went—the prisoner was dressed then—I asked her if the man's money was all right—she said, "Yes"—I awoke the man—he examined the bag, and said his gold was gone—the prisoner produced a sovereign, and said, "Here is your gold"—she put it on the table—he said he had more gold than that—I searched the prisoner, and found eight sovereigns and a half, and one shilling, in her bosom, and in her hand a purse with 1s. 3d. in copper, and 4s. in silver.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ask if he had given her the money to take care of? A. I did not—he was asked that question at the station-house, by the inspector, I think, and said he did not—he did not say he did not recollect—he seemed about half-tipsy when I awoke him—when I asked him if the money was all right, he said he would get up and see—he did not say Eliza had it—I knew the prisoner before.





ELIZABETH GALE
. I am the wife of Stephen Gale—our house is in the parish of St. Paul, Shadwell. Kelly and the prisoner came there for a bed—I showed them to the bed-room—Kelly paid me, and I could see, by the weight of the bag, that he had a quantity of money—I could not tell whether it was gold or silver—I locked the door outside—some time afterwards there was an alarm at the door—I went in, and asked what was wanted—the prisoner asked me to walk in—I walked in, and asked her pleasure—she said, "There is a sovereign, will you go and fetch some spirits?"—I said no; it was not a thing we were accustomed to: and if the money belonged to the gentleman, she had better place it in the bag again, which she had in her hand—I left the room, and locked it again—I went to the room again—she said she had a key to take to her friend, to let her into her room—I said, she should not leave till I sent for an officer to see if the gentleman's money was safe—my

husband fetched the policeman—she produced a sovereign to him, and he found eight and a half sovereigns in gold, and one shilling in her bosom.

Cross-examined. Q. She asked you to fetch some spirits, and you would not? A. No; being a stranger, I considered she wanted to make an excuse to go away herself.

Prisoner's Defence. What the prosecutor says is false—there were ten sovereigns and a half, instead of nine sovereigns and a half—when he arrived at the station-house there were ten sovereigns and a half—on the Monday morning it was reduced to nine sovereigns and a half—they were given to me to take care of, and I never had any idea of wronging him.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.
