





594. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     FERGUSSON
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for a misdemeanor
            .


                     THOMAS 
                     BEVAN
                  




               
            . I am a surgeon
, and live in Queen-street, Cheapside


. I know Job Grimshaw, of Staples Inn-buildings, a bookbinder - I cannot identify the prisoner's person; but this paper was brought to me, and I delivered to the person who brought it, three sovereigns, for Mr. Grimshaw, on the 27th of December
, believing that the paper came from Grimshaw, who had bound books for me-I saw the prisoner at the Mansion-house about three weeks after, charged with this offence - (paper read.)
27th of December, 1830.
SIR, - I take the liberty of writing to you to ask the favor of the loan of 3l. for a few days; if you can oblige I shall be glad.
Yours, J. GRIMSHAW.


                  JOB 
                  GRIMSHAW
               



            . I live at No. 6, Staples Inn-buildings, and am acquainted with 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bevan
               



            . The prisoner was in my service about nine months, and had left about eighteen months when this occurred; I believe while he was with me I sent him to Mr. Bevan's on business - I did not send him on the 27th of December, or any body, to request the loan of 3l. from Mr. Bevan; this paper is not written by me, nor by my authority - the prisoner never brought me the 3l.; I did not know he was going on such an errand.


                  HENRY 
                  CLEMENTS
               



            . I am assistant to Messrs. Hooper and Bevan, of Queen-street. On the 27th of December I recollect the prisoner calling on Mr. Bevan with a note - it was not sealed, and I opened it; it requested the loan of 3l.; when Mr. Bevan came in he read it, went up stairs, and brought the prisoner down a small brown paper parcel - I am certain of his person, but not positive of the date; it was about that time - I saw him in custody at the Mansion-house about three weeks after, and was quite certain of him.
JURY. Q. Did you ask the boy where he came from? A. The moment he brought it he said he came from Job Grimshaw, and it requested an answer; he did not say where Grimshaw lived.
MR. BEVAN. I gave him the sovereigns in brown paper.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
