




742. 




MARY ANN CALVERT
 and 




ISABELLA HIDE
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
5th of February, 1 sovereign, and 5 shillings, the monies of 



Joseph Pallet, from his person.






JOSEPH PALLET
. I am a painter and glazier, and work with Mr. Gifford, of Brook-street, Holbom. On the 5th of February I met Calvert in Farringdon-street, between nine and ten o'clock in the evening—I went home with her—I saw Hide in the front parlour as soon as I went into the house—I had one sovereign, five shillings, and one half-crown—I put the money in my purse, and put it into my right-hand trowsers pocket—I then laid down on the bed—Calvert got up and went to the door, and I saw her pass something to a person outside the door—I think it was a man—I saw the hand perfectly, and something passed—the hand was dirty—I then put my hand into my pocket, and found my purse open, and only one half-crown remaining—one sovereign and five shillings were gone—Hide did not come into the room between the time my money was safe and my losing it—when I lost it I immediately taxed Calvert with taking it—she denied it—Hide came in directly after I missed my money—I kept her and Calvert in the place—the policeman came in about ten minutes, and I gave Calvert in charge.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. After Hide went out of the room you displayed all the money you had? A. No, I looked at it privately—I took my purse out of my pocket, but not while Hide was in the room—I have no doubt she passed it to a man—I had paid Calvert a half-crown—she said the room was her own—when the half-crown was given there was one sovereign, five shillings, and a half-crown left.

JURY. Q. Did you go to sleep in the room? A. No—I was there twenty-five minutes—this was on Sunday night.





FRANCES GLIBBERY
. I am the wife of James Glibbery, and live next Door to this house. Hide is my sister—on the evening the prosecutor was there, she came to me about half-past ten o'clock and gave me a sovereign and four shillings for rent—she told me to take care of this till by and by, till she settled, which she always did on Monday.

Cross-examined. Q. Had she not been in the constant habit of bringing

money to you to take care of? A. Yes, and when she received money from lodgers she brought it, because she had been robbed some time ago—I hive seen Calvert there.





JAMES GLIBBERY
. On the Sunday evening in question Hide brought in a sovereign and four shillings, and said, "Take that, I have just received it for rent."





WILLIAM CLARK
 (police-consiable F 129.) I took Calvert into custody, and took her to the station—she was searched, but nothing found on her—the went before the Magistrate the next day, and was remanded for a week, and then Hide was taken by the Magistrate's order—I never found the money.
(James Samuel Heather, Ward-beadle of Cripplegate within, gave the prisoner Calvert a good character.)

CALVERT—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

HIDE—


GUILTY
. Aged 33.





Transported for Seven Years.

