





Before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
1058. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of May
, 3 silver spoons, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Holmes
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  GEORGE BLANCHETT
               



            . I am a foot-boy to Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Holmes
               



            , of Grafton-street, Bond-street


. On the 12th of May, a little before seven o'clock in the evening, there was a ring or a knock at the door - I went, and saw the prisoner, who was a stranger; he asked if Lady Strong was at home - I said Yes, and asked his name; he said Mr. Grant - I ran up stairs to my lady to give his name, leaving him in the passage; I saw him walk as far as the dining-room door - I ran up, and gave his name; I then ran down, and saw him just coming out of the dining-room with one hand behind him - I had not been absent more than a minute; I think the dining-room door was open when I went away - I said "I have givenyour name to my lady, "but he seemed not to like to go up - at that time Thomas came up stairs, and I heard something in the prisoner's pocket sound like plate; I took Thomas into the room, and told him my suspicions - he took the prisoner, and I saw one spoon found on him; I then went for an officer.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How do you know Mr. Holmes' name is William? A. I have seen him write it - the prisoner appeared to me to be sober; I think some of these spoons are Lady Strong's and some Mr. Holmes'.


                  THOMAS 
                  BULL
               



            . I am under-butler in the family. I was coming up staire, and saw the prisoner coming out of the dining-room - I asked the witness who he was; he told me what he had heard - I followed the prisoner up stairs, and asked who he wanted; he said he wanted to see Lady Strong - I collared him, and shook his coat; I heard something jungle - I said, "I should wish to know what you have in your pocket?" I took one spoon from him in the presence of the witness, and then sent him for an officer - I found these other two spoons on him likewise.
Cross-examined. Q. Does not this property belong to Lady Strong? A. No. I suppose to Mr. Holmes - I do not know that her Ladyship had her own property settled on herself at her marriage - this one spoon I know is Mr. Holmes'; it has his crest on it - I think the prisoner was tipsy.
COURT. Q. Where were the spoons? A. In a box on the sideboard.
Prisoner's Defence. I was intoxicated, and do not know what I did.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
