



2418. 




JOHN TATE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
30th of July, at St. Pancras, I ink-stand, value 40l., the goods of 



Sir Josiah John Guest, his master, in his dwelling-house.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE BISHOP
. I am butler to the Duke of Somerset, and was so to Sir Josiah John Guest—I left his service on the 2nd of August, but did not leave the house till the 8th—he lived at No. 13, Grosvenor-square—we were all discharged but the housemaid and coachman, as he was going abroad—the prisoner was there as footman—I am not certain whether he left on Saturday or Monday, as I went out of town on Saturday, and returned on Tuesday—he had then left—he had had his discharge on the 2nd, but I think he remained in the house a day or two afterwards—there was a silver ink-stand, which was put on Sir John's table on the 20th of July,

when it was brought home—I saw it last on the Wednesday following, the 25th, on the table where I had placed it—I did not see it after that, but it was not missed till Monday, the 30th—I made inquiry of the prisoner on the 50th about it—he told me he had not seen it since it was last brought home—I saw it again, on the 23rd of October, at Marylebone office—the lid was then broken off, and it was broken into pieces.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Do you mean to say you saw the inkstand on the 20th and 25th July? A. I saw a brown-paper parcel—it was given to me as an inkstand—the last time I saw the inkstand itself was at the time it went to the silversmith's, at the beginning of July—I have seen letters addressed to my master, and he generally signed his name Josiah John Guest—I have heard him called by both names—he is not here.

COURT. Q. What did you say about a brown-paper parcel? A. I received a brown-paper parcel on the 20th of July—the paper had not been taken off—I thought it felt like the inkstand—it was the same size, and felt very heavy—it corresponded with the inkstand—I had it in my hand—it appeared the same weight—Mr. Emanuel, of Be vis Marks, had it.





GEORGE THOMAS BROOKE
. I am in the service of Emanuel, Brothers. I remember, eight or ten months ago, their selling an inkstand to Mr. Guest—I cannot say that I saw it there afterwards, but I believe it was there to have a crest on it—I saw it on a glass case on the warehouse, done up in a parcel, directed for Mr. Guest—that was about a month after the sale—I did not see it put into the parcel, but it was directed for Mr. Guest—he was not a baronet then—I know the inkstand well—I have seen a portion of it since, the bottom of it, in the pawnbroker's possession—I think it was on the 2nd of October.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you last see the inkstand? A. When it was sold—I know nothing of it since—I have—on ly seen it since done up in a parcel.





WILLIAM EDMOND RUMSEY
. I am shopman to Mr. Hall, a pawnbroker, in High-street, Marylebone. On the 1st of October the prisoner came and offered me a piece of plate in pawn, weighing 42oz.—I asked what he wanted on it, he said "1l. "—I then said, "How much?" and he said "2l. "—I asked who it belonged to—he said it was not his, but belonged to the house-maid—I asked him what he called it—he said she used it as a work-box—I asked him if he had the top of it—he said he had, but he did not bring it as it was a glass top, and he was afraid he should break it—I asked if he knew how the house-maid became possessed of it—he said he did not know—I asked where he lived—he said at No. 13, Grosvenor-square—he said, "You know where I live, I pawned my watch with you some time back—I live at the same place"—T said I thought it very suspicious, and sent for an officer, and gave him into custody—while I was gone up to get my hat to go with the officer he made his escape—I went next day, with an officer, and apprehended him at the Barley Mow, to Duke-street, Grosvenor-square—I knew him before—in its present state this is worth 17l. 10s. as old silver.

Cross-examined. Q. What should you call it? A. Part of an inkstand or dressing-case—it looks most like an inkstand—he gave me his address in Grosvenor-square—I found there were no men-servants living to the house at that time—the family had gone abroad.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Does it require more than the bottles to make this an

inkstand? A. The partition, which is here, and the top—I have compared them, and they correspond—it forms an inkstand altogether.





THOMAS FRANKLIN
. I am a policeman. I was applied to on the 2nd of October, by Rumsey, to go in search of the prisoner—I went to the Barley Mow public-house—he was given into my custody in the street—I told him I was an officer, and took him on suspicion of stealing an inkstand—I asked where he lived—he said, "At the Barley Mow public-house"—he showed me a room, and said, "Here is my box"—I unlocked it, searched it, but found nothing—he immediately said "You have stolen my watch"—I said, "I have not seen any watch"—a brown. paper parcel was close by—I said, "Who does that belong to?"—he said "It don't belong to me"—I said, "Who does it belong to?"—he said, "Not to me"—I opened it, and found a quantity of silver broken up, which I have produced—it forms the rest of the inkstand—I found a sovereign, a half-sovereign, a half-crown, a shilling, and four-pence on him.





RICHARD PEARCE
. I keep the Barley Mow, in Duke-street. The prisoner lodged at my house at the latter end of September—he came to me directly he left Sir John Guest, at the beginning of August, but left for a week, to go into the country—he returned a week "before the officer came to my house—it was his room the officer went into—nobody but him occupied it.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known him? A. For about two months before he came to lodge with me.





GEORGE BISHOP

re-examined. I cannot swear to the property—my belief is it belongs to Sir John Guest—it corresponds, in all respects, with the one he had, and there is one missing—I took it to be engraved, and it appears as if something had been rubbed out, but I never saw it after it was engraved—Sir John had only one inkstand of that kind.

Cross-examined. Q. When you saw it, was it an inkstand at all? A. Yes, it was, when I first saw it—I believe it was a box when Sir John first used it.





GEORGE THOMAS BROOKE

re-examined. I can swear this is the identical inkstand that was sold to Sir John in my presence—it was originally a box.

Cross-examined. Q. Was it sold as a box? A. No; Sir John ordered it to be altered into an inkstand—he would not purchase it as a box—it was an inkstand, when sent from our house.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
