



427. 




WILLIAM CHANDLER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of December, 1 purse, value 6d.; 14 sovereigns, 6 half-sovereigns, and a £5 Bank note; the goods, monies, and property of 




Harriet Fairax, from her person.






HARRIET FAIRFAX
. I am a widow, and keep the White Horse tap in Friday-street. I know the prisoner by sight, but I never saw him in my house before last Sunday—my house joins my tap-room—we can hear from the tap-room to the bar—last Sunday evening, between five and six o'clock, the prisoner came and asked for a glass of brandy—the servant

served him—I saw her serve him—he then asked for change for a sovereign which I gave him out of a little box where I had silver—he requested to have half a sovereign, instead of all silver—he asked for it three times and said to me, "How do you do, ma'am? you have been lately ill" I said, "Young man, you have the advantage of me; I do not know your features"—I thought he might the a neighbour's son, and I asked him to favour me with his name—he hung his head down and made no answer—be then called for a glass of ale, and said, "It is a rule to drink the old year out and the new one in, and I shall get tipsy to-night"—he had had his change, and put down the sovereign—he said to me, "You have not taken up the sovereign"—I then put my hand into my pocket, took out my purse, and put the sovereign in—he immediately snatched the purse out of or hand, and ran out as hard as he was able—I cried "Murder," and ran after him—he turned to the left—(there was 17l. in gold, and a £ note, in the purse)—I ran after him, crying "Murder, my purse, my money," very loudly—I never lost sight of him—he turned to the left, about two steps up the White Horse-yard—he was returning back—I caught hold of him by the collar, and scuffled with him, and held him till my son came up—my son took him from me, and took him into the bar—a policeman came afterwards and received him in charge—I have never seen my purse or money again—I am quite sure the prisoner is the person—I cannot say what made him turn back—I was running after him, crying "Murder."

Q. Supposing he had continued to run on in the direction to the left, was there any thing to stop him? A. There are gates at the end of the yard, which are fastened on Sunday—it is no thoroughfare, and he could not have got out, as the gates were fastened—he had not got very near to the gates before he turned back, but he could see there was no thorough-fare—he was near enough for that I should think—I was close behind him—I cannot answer for his seeing that the gates were closed.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you ever seen the person before? A. Never, to my knowledge—it was on Sunday last, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon—it was darkish—I followed him out instantly—I never lost sight of him—I saw every thing that occurred, but I did not see him give the money to any body—I saw the prisoner—I did not notice any body else—the change I gave him was mostly in half-crowns—I think it was seven half-crowns—I know I gave him 19s. 6d. in silver, and the servant gave him 3d.—I know I gave him half-crowns, and I think it was seven half-crowns—I did not give him seven half-crowns, two shillings, and 3d.—I gave him, I believe, seven half-crowns, two shillings and sixpence, and the servant gave him 3d. change out of the sixpence—he did not pay for the ale at all—the maid gave him the 3d. out of the till—it was for the glass of brandy that he had had.

Q. What did he do with the seven half-crowns you gave him? A. I do not know whether he put them into his pocket or kept them in his hand, I was so confused, but he took them up as I put my hand in to get my purse—I had been unwell, and was recovering—I was very much flurried and frightened.

Q. Your memory, perhaps, is not so good? A. I shall never forget him—I did not feel infirm then—my servant got round before me—I followed instantly, and I never lost sight of him—he never drank the ale.





ANN BEACHAM
. I am servant of the prosecutrix. I saw the prisoner, last Sunday, at our bar, between five and six o'clock—I served him with

small glass of brandy, and directly afterwards he asked for a glass of ale—I served him with both—he asked for change for a sovereign—mistress gave it to him—I saw him take the purse out of mistress's hand—I saw her give him change—I cannot exactly say what it was—whether it was shillings or half-crowns—directly after the change was given him, he snatched the purse out of mistress's hand, and ran out of the door—I followed him, and mistress hallooed after him—I was close to him, and I saw him give it to another man—I saw the other snatch the purse out of his hand—I was close to him at the time, almost touching him—it was a short, dark man that snatched it out of his hand, and he ran round the corner—the prisoner went to the left, up the yard—mistress followed him, and took hold of him as he was coming back—he was turning down the yard at the time—I went to see where the other went to, and mistress went the other way, and took hold of the one who stole the money—I did not see her till she had got him—mistress's son took hold of him—almost directly she took hold of him mistress hallooed "Murder," twice—I had never seen the prisoner before, but I am sure he is the man who was in our bar, and who I served with the ale and brandy.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you not rather frightened and flurried? A. I was frightened to see him snatch the money—I was present when he came into the house—I was getting mistress's tea—I heard his conversation—my mistress had been ill, and confined to her bed, and she was in a weak state—the prisoner took up the change which she gave him—I did not see him put it into his pocket, he kept it in his hand—mistress had her purse in her hand at the time he took it—she was putting the sovereign in which he had given her—he said he generally made it a point to drink the old year out, and the new year in, and he said he understood she had been ill—he said to her, "You have not taken up the sovereign"—it was then on the counter—my mistress at that time had the purse in her hand—she put her hand into her pocket to take it out, when he said, "You have not taken up the sovereign."

Q. When you saw him first, did you not say, "That is not the man?" A. o—I knew him by his countenance—I did not say he was not the man, nor any thing of the kind—I had never seen him before—he did not pay for the ale—he had the ale and drank part of it—I am sure of that—my mistress was present at the time.





JOSEPH FAIRFAX
. I am the prosecutrix's son. On Sunday last I heard my mother cry out "Murder"—I was at the back part of the house when I heard my mother screaming, and ran towards the yard as hard as I could—I did not get into the yard, but close by it—the yard joins our house—I found my mother struggling with the prisoner close by the yard—I assisted her, and secured the prisoner—I took him back into the bar, and when I sat him down in a chair in the bar, he put his hands up and said, "Mercy, mercy"—I sent for a watchman, and gave him into custody.

Cross-examined. Q. Who was present when he asked for mercy? A. There were some persons in the bar, but my mother's screaming brought so many persons—my mother was there—I do not remember the bar-maid coming up while my mother was struggling with him—I had too much on my mind to be looking after the servant girl—I did not notice her—I never heard her say, "That is not the man;" I heard her say, "That is the man," but I did not observe her, not in the street—the yard is open on week days, but on Sundays it is closed—there is a gateway which

joins our house—it is an Inn yard, and opens into the street—it is a wagon office—I had never seen him before, to my knowledge—he was searched and eighteen shillings and some halfpence found on him.

COURT. Q. When did the girl say he was the man? A. When he was at the watch-house.





BENJAMIN MURRAY
. I am a watchman. I took the prisoner in charge at Mrs. Fairfax's bar, and took him to the watch-house—as he went along he endeavoured to put his hands into his pocket, but I prevented him—Mr. Fairfax was on one side, and I at the other—he endeavoured to extract his hand to put it into his pocket—I held him by the wrist, and told him he was near the watch-house, and I would not let him—he told me he wanted to put his hand into his pocket—I gave him to Cuthbert the inspector.





JAMES CUTHBERT
. I was the night officer and inspector of the watch The prisoner was brought to me—I searched him, and found on him five half-crowns, four shillings, and four sixpences, a medal, and three penny pieces.




GUILTY. Aged 26.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutrix on account of his youth.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
