






602. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  





               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELLEN 
                     HOLLAND
                  





               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February
, 2 sheets, value 1s. 3d., and 1 quilt, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Philip 
                     Ward
                  




               
            .


                  KEZIAH 
                  WARD
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Ward
               



            ; we live at No. 9, New-way, Westminster


. On the 4th of February Williams came to my house alone, and wanted a room for herself and another young woman; she said they got their bread by needle-work - I took her up stairs, and showed her the second floor front-room which was furnished; she took it and gave me a shilling earnest - they were to give 4s. a week for it; they took the room immediately, but I did not see Holland till I went up stairs at night to give them a pair of sheets and a counterpane - they were then in the room; they continued to live there till the 9th of February; when I went up and knocked at the door they asked who was there - I said the landlady, and I wanted to come in for something particular; they said they were cleaning themselves, but if I would go down stairs they would call me when they were ready - I stood on the landing-place; when the door was opened I looked in and missed the bed, and saw the room was stripped of nearly every thing but the table and a tea-kettle - they got down stairs; I called out, but nobody could get out of their rooms in time to prevent them - they got into the street; we called the Policeman - they were pursued and taken; I missed the saucepain, pail, fire-shovel, and a variety of other things.


                  THOMAS 
                  COX
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Ravenhill, a pawnbroker. I have two sheets; one pawned on the 5th, and the other on the 7th of February, by one of the prisoners, but I cannot call to recollection which, though I know their faces - the articles are both in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Williams
               



            , but with two different directions.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MUGGERIDGE
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Harris, a pawnbroker. I have a quilt, pawned by Williams, in the name of Ann Holland, on the 7th of February.
Williams. It was not me; I sent it - I had not a gown to go out in. Witness. I am quite certain it was her.


                  JOHN 
                  BENTON
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was at the apprehension of both these girls; when they were in the watch-house I went to the room they had lived in, and found in a box these two duplicates of the sheets - when they were before the Magistrate they voluntarily said they had pawned them to get bread.


                  THOMAS 
                  COX
               



            . These are the duplicates I gave them.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoners put in a paper, stating that they were in a very destitute condition, and that the prosecutrix kept a house of ill fame.
WILLIAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
HOLLAND - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
