






OLD COURT. TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 10TH.
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1360. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     SIMMONDS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SEYMOUR
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Hayward
                        




                     
                  , on the 4th of August
; putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 chain, value 2s.; and 1 seal, value 1l. his property
            .
JOSEPH HAYWARD I live in Milton-street, Cripplegate. On the 4th of August, about half-past ten o'clock at night, I had been to Mile End-road, and was coming home - I had got through Osborne-street


, as far as Brick-lane, and there the prisoner Seymour came up to me; he took both his hands and drew my watch from my pocket; he said nothing; it flew over his head with the force he pulled it, and the glass flew out; the case came from it, and went against the shutters; he still had hold of the chain; the case dropped on the pavement, and he ran off with the watch - the other prisoner was standing just off the curb; I am certain he is the man - the moment he ran off with the watch; Simmonds followed him running; I ran after him, and hallooed out, "Stop thief"; they went down Wentworth-street, down an alley - the neighbours persuaded me not to follow, for if I did they would serve me out - Grant, the policeman, came up, and persuaded me to go home quietly, and say nothing about it; then some young men came and went after them - I have not seen the watch since; it was silver, and had a chain and seal - I am positive the prisoners are the two persons; Seymour is the man who took my watch; it was dark, but the gas-lights were very clear, both back and front, and I am positive of Simmonds - I did not see them speak together; they both ran down the same alley, and into the same house.
Simmonds. Q. Are are sure it was me that was there, and ran away? A. I am positive it was you; on Monday morning, when the policeman fetched me to see him, he acknowledged to my face that it was him.
JOHN MOUNCEY. I live at No. 17, Rose-lane, Spitalfields. I was coming down Osborne-street, near Brick-lane, about half-past ten o'clock - I went down Wentworth-street, and saw Simmonds running down the street, with his coat on, and as I went towards my residence, I saw him standing against Mr. Sheen's door, with his coat off - that was about five minutes after.
Simmonds. Q. Was I not alone? A. I saw nobody with him; I did not see Seymour at all.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HAYWARD
               



             re-examined. I saw them running in Wentworth-street; both ran together across Brick-lane, to Wentworth-street, and on to the alley, which is in Wentworth-street, and leads into Whitechapel - it was possible for a person to see one, and not the other; the one which had the watch got into the alley first.

WILLIAM FIELD. I was coming down Wentworth-street, with Mr. Becket, and saw Seymour run down Wentworth-street from Brick-lane, and down Angel-alley, and in a minute or two after, I saw Simmonds run straight down the street - he had his coat on then, and returned just by Angel-alley in a minute or two afterwards with his coat off - he said to five or six others, who were together,"It is a fine yellow-man"; he said so as he came running in front of us; there were five or six of us together coming home; he then went back, and went into Mr. Sheen's, which was the house he had gone into before; he came out again directly afterwards, and Seymour was against the door; as we went by they went off together, down towards Petticoat-lane - I met Grant, the policeman, and told him what had become of them; he went down towards Rose-lane; I stood at the corner of Rose-lane; Simmonds came back from Petticoat-lane - Cotton took him - Seymour came right facing us, and said, it was a fine yellow-man, and then he turned back, I am quite certain of them both; I was close to a gas-light.
Seymour. I wish to ask Hayward a question; When I was at Worship-street, the magistrate asked him if Simmonds had his coat off or on, when the robbery was committed, and he said he had it off two or three times over.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HAYWARD
               



            . He had his coat on at the time of the robbery; I told the magistrate he had it on.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRANT
               



             (policeman.) I was on duty in Wentworth-street that evening; I saw Hayward in Brick-lane, at half-past ten o'clock; he gave me information; I went down to the end of Rose-lane, when I heard they were gone towards Petticoat-lane - I stopped and saw Simmons come up to the end of Rose-lane, and Cotton took him into custody; I staid a few minutes after, and saw Seymour come up after him - I went to him and said, "I want you Jemmy," and took him; he said, "For what;" I said, "Something about robbing a man of a watch in Brick-lane;" "Oh, oh," said he - on that I took him to the watch-house; I searched him, and found a knife and 4s. on him - I have known both the prisoners for some time, and had seen them both together myself about half-past nine o'clock that evening - I see them together every night, as I am on duty; they live in the same house together.
Seymour. He swore he saw me and Simmonds together. Witness. Yes, both of you were together the same night, going up Wentworth-street, and at another time in George-street.


                  HENRY 
                  COTTON
               



            . I was on duty and have known the prisoners some time - I saw them together about three-quarter's of an hour before the robbery - I afterwards went to the corner of Wentworth-street, and stood there about five minutes, and Simmonds came up with his coat off - I said, I must trouble him to go with me again, he said, "It is Sunday night, Cotton, this seems a regular thing," I said, "You know what it is for, you know it is for a watch," he said, "I did not have the watch;" I took him to the station-house - no watch was to be found.
Simmonds's Defence. I know nothing about it, Cotton has got my money - I used to sell fruit in the street, and the 4s. was the remainder of my market money - both the policemen know me, and never knew me do wrong - they never saw me do harm, if you will ask them about it.
Seymour's Defence. I was in Bishopsgate-street at the time, at home with my master - I used to travel with him to sell braces and things - he bid me good night - I thought I would go home and go to bed, and a policeman caught hold of me and said he wanted me.


                  HENRY 
                  COTTON
               



            . I had rather not give Simmonds a character.
SIMMONDS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
SEYMOUR - GUILTY. Aged 18.




               Of stealing from the person but not with force
            .




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
