



868. 




HENRY HINCKLEY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
28th of December, 2 half-crowns, the monies of 



George Webb, his master.

MR. CLARKSON conducted the Prosecution.






GEORGE WEBB
. I am a cheesemonger, and live at Lambeth-walk. The prisoner was in my employ for about eight months—on the 28th of December I marked three half-crowns—(I have one till for gold, and three for silver and copper)—I put the three half-crowns into a till on the cheese and bacon side, about half-past twelve o'clock—the prisoner had access to the whole

of my tills—I went to it again about three o'clock in the afternoon, and the three half-crowns were gone—on the 7th of January I marked seven sovereigns and four half-sovereigns—I gave them to George Seymour, to put through the slide into the gold till, which is generally kept locked, hut on that occasion I left it unlocked on purpose—it is under the butter counter, and the shopman put the gold into it, through the slide, about twelve o'clock—I had previously seen Mr. Wheeler, a coal-merchant, and gave him instructions, and at half-past one o'clock I saw Mr. Wheeler's servant come to the shop—I had given Seymour orders to go to dinner at that time, and I left the shop, leaving the prisoner in it—I said to him, "Mind the shop; I am going into the Borough"—I went out, and returned in about half an hour—the prisoner was just then going down to dinner, and the others were just coming up from dinner—I went to a silver till, and missed about 1l. worth of silver, which I had left in it—I then went to the gold till, and found the same number of sovereigns I had left in it, with no addition—I sent for a policeman, and went down, and said to, the prisoner, "You have robbed me of a sovereign"—he said, "I have not"—I said, "You have taken one, and it is not in the till"—I then said, "Policeman, you must take him; I am sure he has got it"—the prisoner said he had not—I sent for the gold till, and there were only seven sovereigns and four half-sovereigns in it—I sent for Mr. Wheeler and the servant—I said, "Mr. Wheeler, I believe you sent a sovereign over for some bacon?"—he said, "I did, by my servant"—the servant said, "I paid it to this young man"—the policeman then searched the prisoner, but found no sovereign—I then said, "Give up the sovereign, you vagabond, and go about your business"—he persisted that he had not got it—I said, "I am satisfied you have got it, I do not care whether you produce it or not"—after some time he said, "You say if I give you up the sovereign I am to go about my business"—I made no answer, but said to the policeman, "Take him away and lock him up"—he took him up stairs—he went behind the counter as I thought for his hat, but he threw down the sovereign and said, "There is your sovereign"—I said, "This is not the first sovereign you have robbed me of, I am satisfied you have robbed me to a great extent"—he then pulled out five shillings, and declared that was all the money he had got—I said, "Previously to your being locked up I shall see your box"—he went up stairs and then said he had not got the key of his box—I told the policeman to break it open, but I believe the prisoner opened it with a key—the policeman found ten sovereigns in the breast pocket of a coat in the hot—the prisoner said, "That is mine"—I said, "Take possession of it, policeman"—I then said to the prisoner, "Have you any more?"—he said, "No"—the policeman searched further and found thirteen packages of silver, and amongst it I found two of the half-crowns which I had marked on the 28th of December, and one that I had marked previously—on the way to the station-house I said to the prisoner, "Don't you think you are a pretty fellow to rob me?"—he said, "I am not the only one that is robbing you"—I have six other persons in my employ.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you certain you are correct in that phrase? A. Yes.





WILLIAM WHEELER
. I am a coal-merchant, and live in Lambeth-walk. I marked a sovereign and called my servant out of the kitchen and told her to take particular notice of it—my sister told her to go and purchase something

—she went out and brought back lbs. 10d., and a piece of bacon—I was sent for to Mr. Webb's and saw the same sovereign—the prisoner picked it up from under the counter, and threw it on the counter.





ROBERT CREASY
 (police-constable L 172.) I went to Mr. Webb's on the 7th of January, and saw the prisoner sitting at dinner down stairs. Mr. Webb charged him with stealing a sovereign—he said he had not—in consequence of the conversation which took place, I went up to the shop—I then saw the prisoner feeling under the counter, and he produced a sovereign—I went to his box, and found ten sovereigns and thirteen packages of silver—Mr. Webb said he had marked some half-crowns and missed them, and if they were there he could identify them—he picked out these marked ones.

MR. WEBB. These are two of those I marked on the 28th, and this is one I marked before—I can swear to them.
(Michael Delaney, a tailor, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
