




110. 




GEORGE WATERS
 and 




ELLEN WATERS
, his wife, were again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
18th of December, 2 trays, value 3s.; 1 candlestick, value 2s.; 2 book-shelves, value 1s.; 1 pack of cards, value 6d.; 1 set of fire-irons, value 8s.; 1 flute, value 1s.; 2 goblets, value 1s. and 1 reflector, value 1s.; the goods of 



Frederick Hingston.






FREDERICK HINOSTON
. I live at No. 23, Chapman-street, Liverpool-road. I did live at the adjoining house to the prisoners, and left it on the 13th of last December—I had been there four years—I knew there was a trap-door there—it was originally made for a ladder to lead to an upper attic, and when the person that had it made left, it was fastened down, as I supposed—I lost some articles of value—I lost money from my till between Saturday and Monday—I lost 5l. 6s. on one occasion—on the day I moved I employed the male prisoner to assist—one day I went with a candlestick and candle into the house, and when I came out I missed it—I spoke to the female prisoner, who was at the door,—she said she saw nothing of it, but she saw two boys, and drove them away—these book-shelves I lost from my door—this reflector was taken from a drawer in my parlour, and this flute was found at their house, and this pack of cards—they bought one flute of me, but that is at their house now—this is all my property.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. The candlestick was taken when the man was not at home? A. Yes—this candlestick I found at their house—some of the things were at my door—the tea-trays were, and they may have gone the same way as the candlesticks did.





JOHN COLLINS
 (police-sergeant N 24.) I found this flute behind the door in the top room, and this pack of cards in a box behind the door, and this set of fire-irons were behind the box, and two book-shelves in the same room, lying in one corner of the top room, which is the boy's bed-room.






HENRY ALLEN
 (police-constable N 250.) I found the trays in the bed-room—the big one was standing up, and the small one lying down a a chest of drawers.

MR. DOANE
called






RICHARD HINGSTON
. I am the prosecutor's brother. I have seen these two tea-trays—I believe I sold the larger one myself about two years ago—I believe it was to the male prisoner for 3s. 6d. or 4s.—it has my mart on the back of it.





FREDERICK HINGSTON

re-examined. I cannot say when I had seen these trays before—I had not seen them for some time since—this small tray has not been sold—it has my mark upon it—the other my brother may have sold—he had the care of my shop when I was out—I had not missed any of these things but the candlestick.

George Waters. I picked up the reflector in the yard.

Ellen Waters. My husband knew nothing of it whatever—what ever is wrong he knows nothing about it—he asked me about the good, and I said I bought them—he was ill four months in the country.





RICHARD HINGSTON
. I think the man might not know of it—he was out from morning till night very often, and could not tell what was done.
(Richard Perkins, an upholsterer, gave George Waters a good character.)

GEORGE WATERS—


GUILTY
. Aged 49.

ELLEN WATERS—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.




Transported for Seven Years.
