



1540. 




GEORGE DALTON
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 



Belinda Rowland, at 
St. Pancras, on the 
2nd of June, and stealing therein, 2s. bed gowns, value 5s.; 3 shifts, value 4s.; 1 petticoat, value 2s.; 1 sheet, value 5s.; 3 caps, value 1s.; 3 shirts, value 2s.; 2 pinafores, value 9d.; 1 apron, value 2d., 2 handkerchiefs, value 9d., 1 pillow case, value 4d.; and 1 yard of holland, value 2d.; her goods.






STEPHEN THORNTON
. I am a policeman. On the 2nd of June, I fell in with the prisoner, crossing from the end of Southampton-street towards Newton-street, Holborn, about twenty minutes after four o'clock in the after noon, carrying these clothes in this pillow case—they were all wet—I crowed the road and stopped him—he turned short back when he saw me, but I came up to him—I asked what he had there—he said linen—I asked him what sort of linen—he said, different sorts—I told him to name the articles—he again said, different articles—I asked him where he brought them from—he said, Somers Town—I took him to the station-house, and found the owner.





BELINDA ROWLAND
. I am single. I occupy a kitchen under Mr. Douglas's, the baker—I pay my rent to him—the landlord does not live in the house, it is let out in tenements—I keep a mangle—I have looked at this linen—it is mine—it was in my possession—I lost it out of the kitchen off the dresser, off a box and out of a basket—the kitchen door was locked and padlocked—I went out at nine o'clock in the morning, on Saturday the 2nd of June, and returned home at six o'clock—I found the things not as I had left them—the padlock was wrenched and the property gone—I have seen the prisoner several times in the house with his father, who lodges there, and he did lodge in the house himself, at one

time, but not at that time—this is my property—the house is in the parish of St. Pancras.





MARGARET SAITNDERS
. lodge in the house. On Saturday, the 2nd of June, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner—came to ask me to lend him the key of my door to open his father's—I said I could not, as I had lost it—I do not know what became of him—I did not see him go away.

Prisoner. I went away directly in search of my father.





STEPHEN THORNTON
. re-examined. In searching him I found an old knife and a rusty key which I tried, but it will not open the lock—I found this saucepan handle in the back kitchen, with which he forced the padlock off—it matched the marks on the door—the door lock had been unlocked by a key.

Prisoner's Defence. Coming up Holborn-hill, I stepped into a public-house to take a pint of beer, a man in a working dress asked me to carry this to Gee-street for him, and he would pay me—he came a little way with another bundle under his arm—when the policeman came up I turned round and the man had disappeared.




GUILTY
.* Aged 23.—


Transported for Ten Years.
