





1546. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BRUNSDEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of September
, 1 half-crown, 1 sixpence, and the sum of 1s. in copper, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Clark
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Clark
                        



                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .
HENRY CLARK. My father's name is William Clark, he is a poor man, and lives at Greenford, near Ealing. On the 28th of September, I was going to Brentford


, about eleven o'clock in the day; I had one half-crown, a sixpence, and twelve penny-pieces; I was going for some sugar and butter; I saw the prisoner on the road, he asked where I was going, and I told him; he asked if I knew him; I said, "No;" he then got into a ditch, and wanted me to get in, but I would not; I then thought he would push me into the ditch, and I got into the path; he said, what was I afraid of, that he should take my money? I said, "No;" he said, he could lay me down in a minute, and take my money - he then took hold of me by the shoulder, but he did not lay me down, he took my money, and went off with it; he was taken in about two hours - I am sure he is the person.


                  SALLY 
                  CLARK
               



            . I sent my son with this money, he came back without it; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  HESSIAN
               



             (police-constable T 103). The boy told my brother officer of this, and I took the prisoner in Old Brentford, the same evening; I found no money on him; I had seen the prisoner about three quarters of of a mile from the place where the robbery was committed that morning.


                  ISAAC 
                  FRETWELL
               



             (police-constable T 58). I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction; I was a witness and know he is the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
