




1773. 




THOMAS BROWN
 and 




HENRY WILLIAMS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
8th of July, 1 purse, value 2s.; 15 sovereigns, 3 half-sovereigns, 2 shillings, and 2 sixpences; the goods and monies of 



David Davies, from the person of 



Mary Davies.






MARY DAVIES
. I am the wife of David Davies. I have been lately staying at No. 24, Salisbury-street, Strand, and reside at Crickhowel, near Brecon—about a quarter before twelve o'clock on Friday, the 8th of July, I was going down the Strand, near Bedford-street, towards Charing-cross, in company with Mrs. Stevens—I had a purse, with fifteen sovereigns and other money in my pocket—I felt a little pressure at my side, by my right hand pocket I instantly put my hand into my pocket, and said, "I have lost my purse"—the prisoner Brown was close by me, on the side where the purse had been—a great number of persons were round—I did not see any thing of Williams—my pocket was not cut—the person must have put his hand in, and taken it out—I saw my purse at Bow-street—I believe Brown was seized by my female friend, but I was very much agitated—this is my purse; and the money, I believe, is right.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were there not a great many persons about? A. Yes.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You never saw Williams till he was in custody? A. No.





WILLIAM HOLDER
. I reside in Hatton-garden. I was in the Strand, walking towards Charing-cross—I saw the prisoner Brown, and several others connected with him—they were hustling the prosecutrix—I took

one of them by the shoulder, and put him out of the way, and saw Brown just taking his hand out of the lady's pocket—I took hold of him, and the purse was in his hand—it was taken from him by some of his companions. I suppose—he put his hands behind him—I tried to get it from him, but his friends took it away—I have seen some of those persons before—I cansay I know Williams.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you mean that you ever saw Brown before? A. I think I have—I might have seen him in London or in Birmingham—I am frequently down there—I cannot name where I have seen him—I don't know how many persons were looking in at the window—I saw them surround the lady—it is impossible to say how many there were, there were more than three—I cannot swear that there was twenty nor thirty—there generally are many persons about the Strand—there was no crowd about the window—I said before the magistrate that I saw a purse taken by Brown—I said there was something dark in his hand—that was the purse—I used the word purse—my evidence was read to me, and I was asked if it was correct, whether I had any thing to add—I dare say I used the word purse—certainly I did—(deposition read)"I saw he had something of a dark colour in his hand". Witness. But the brown something he drew from the lady's pocket was the purse, and I thought the word purse was taken down—I believed it to be so, but a single word may be left out.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. The purse was handed behind him? A. Yes—I cannot say who received it—the person was not behind a coach, he was on the pavement.





THOMAS FREEMAN
. I reside in Watling-street, and am a warehouse-man. I was coming up the Strand about twelve o'clock—I observed Mrs. Davies on the pavement, and Brown near her—she had hold of one side of him and Mr. Holder the other—I saw him put his hand behind him and give something to a young man who was behind him—I could not see what it was—I might know that young man again if I saw him, but he is not here—he gave it to Williams, who ran up Bedford-street—I ran after him, he turned up Maiden-lane, and I there caught him—the policeman was walking the same way—I tapped him on the shoulder, and we seized him together—we were taking him back, and he escaped from us, back, towards the Strand—he ran about ten yards, and we overtook him again—we took him into the door-keeper's room in the Adelphi Theatre, where a person named Shaw, the policeman and myself searched him, and found the purse in the leg of his trowsers—it slipped down at the bottom on the floor—the money was in it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you see the person who originally received the purse? A. I saw the person who I suppose received it of Brown—there was a hackney coach—I saw both the prisoners the whole time—the person who received the purse from Brown walked on towards Temple-bar—he walked to Williams and gave it to him, and they walked in front of two horses—they walked round, and I followed them—the person did not drop it in front of the coach—Williams said, at the Adelphi Theatre, that he picked it up behind a coach, and was going to the person whom he supposed had dropped it—I said he had not—he said he was going to the young man who had got the purse—at the public-house he stated he had picked it up in the Strand—he did not say he was going after the person who had dropped it—he invited as to go with him to the public-house—I had not hold of him at all when he ran away—we had both let him go—he did not say before the purse was found,

that he would not deliver it up to me or the policeman, nor that he would give it to the lady—he wanted to know what he was to have for finding it—the policeman asked him for the lady's purse, and the policeman might say he would have a reward—I did not hear him say he would give it to the lady himself, and have the reward—he might say so—the policeman said, "You shall not go any further till we search you"—the prisoner said he would take us to the person who had got it—he said he had not got it himself, but he was going to the young man who had got it—we charged him with having it in his possession—I said I was sure what the lady had lost he had got.





WILLIAM MASON
 (police-constable F 112.) I saw Williams run away—Freeman came to me, and we followed and overtook the prisoner in Maiden-lane, I tapped him on the shoulder, and said, "Halloo, have you not got something that don't belong to you?"—he said, "No"—I said, "Have you not got a purse belonging to a lady?"—he said, "No, if you will come with me to that public-house, I will take you to a person who has got it"—I said, "No, never mind, you will do"—I brought him back along Maiden-lane—he said, "Let go of me, I will walk quietly"—the witness said, "You had better hold him, he will run away"—and immediately he did so, we caught him, and Shaw came before him and stopped him—I clapped my hand to his side and felt a lump—I took him to the passage of the Theatre—he then put his hand into the pocket and pulled it out again—I put my hand into the pocket—I could find nothing, and wondered what was become of the purse—while I was searching him I saw the purse fall down from his trowsers.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you tell the Magistrate he said, "Let me go, I will walk quietly?" A. Yes; I did not say, if he would give me the purse he would get the reward—when I took it from the at the theatre, he said, "I will get the reward for it"—I said, "Come with me, I will get you the reward".

Brown's Defence. I am innocent. My father lives in Bull-street, Birmingham—I never was in London in my life before—I was only here three days.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported For Fourteen Years.
