





672. 




RICHARD STILES,



 GEORGE CROSBY
, and 




WILLIAM HORTON
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
16th of January, 1 pair of trowsers, value 14s., the goods of 



Lewis Davis and another; and that Stiles and Crosby had been before convicted of felony.






CHARLES SOLOMON JACOBS
. I am shopman to Lewis Davis and Joseph Davis, pawnbrokers, in Green-End, Woolwich. On Monday the 16th of January, a little before five o'clock, I saw a pair of trowsers hanging up under my master's shop-window, secured by a string to a nail about five feet from the ground, near the inner door-post—they were in reach of any person in the street by extending the arm—I missed them about five o'clock, the string had been apparently cut.





WILLIAM BOOTH
. I am a pawnbroker of Woolwich. On the evening the 16th of January, the prisoner Horton came a little after five o'clock, it might be about ten minutes past—I live about three quarters of a mile

from the prosecutor—he asked me after he had been in the shop some time, what the time was—and I told him it was nearly half-past five o'clock—he brought this pair of drab trowsers—I asked if they were his own he said yes—I said, "Are you sure they are yours?"—he said, "Yes"—he asked 10s., for them, and gave the name of John Lee, Church-street; we had been warned if any such property was presented, to stop it—I sent for the constable, and while the lad was gone for the constable, the prisoner attempted to get the trowsers, but I knocked them out of his hand—he then said he had to meet a barge—he went out and brought in Crosby, who inquired what the bother was about, or something to that purport—and in a few minutes the constable came and took them—they said a person outside, in a cord or fustian-jacket, and a hat, had sent them with the trowsers—we found the prisoner Stiles in the Churchyard, less than fifty yards of but he was not dressed as described—I had seen Stiles looking in at our door—but not being such a person as was described I took no notice of him—the constable took him.

Stiles. Q. Could you see me twenty yards off from the door, when you are near-sighted? A. I never knew I was near-sighted—I saw you at our other shop door, holding it while I looked out at the corner door.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. After Horton left the strop, he returned with Crosby? A. Yes, I did not hear him tell Crosby he must give an account of this—I did not take in the trowsers—I kept him, having other customers to serve—and then he ran out and brought Crosby in.





CHARLES STEWART WARDEN
. I am a constable of Woolwich. I went to Mr. Booth's on Monday the 16th of January, about six o'clock—I took Horton and Crosby into custody—I searched Crosby in the shop, and found two duplicates on him—and one duplicate on Horton for a pair of trowsers pawned for 2s. 9d., in the name of Crosby—while I was about taking the duplicate out of Horton's pocket, he said it referred to his own property—when I saw the name of Crosby on it, he said that Crosby had pawned them for him—they said this pair of trowsers was given them by a man outside in a corduroy dress—I went out immediately, but could see no such person—but I saw Stiles about ten yards from the door—I went out after Booth—Stiles then wore the jacket which Horton now wears—I asked Stiles to step into the shop—I said I was a constable, and would take the liberty of searching him—he gave his name as Watts, belonging to Greenwich—the other prisoners denied all knowledge of him when I brought him in—not finding any thing on him, I did not detain him—conveyed the other two prisoners to the shop of Messrs. Davis, and there the property was identified—I afterwards took Stiles in Powis-street, Woolwich.

Cross-examined. Q. You said Horton and Crosby said that they took them of another person? A. They both said it at one time.

Crosby. There was a soldier got hold of me—he would not let me come out—I could not get out to the man that gave us the trowsers in the churchyard—when I came out the man was gone.

Witness. He was not detained five minutes after he got there. JAMES DENTON. I am a watchman of Woolwich. On Monday afternoon the 16th of January, I saw the three prisoners together in Green-End, Woolwich, about half-past four o'clock, in company and walking together—I suppose that was ten or twelve yards from Davis's shop—at the time Stiles had a small corduroy or a dark fustian jacket on, but after that I saw him with the jacket on that Horton now wears.






THOMAS DALBY
 (police-constable K 23.) I know the prisoners stiles and Crosby, and Horton by the name of Mahoney—I saw them on the 16th January, in Shadwell High-street, all three together, about eleven o'clock—Stiles had on the fustian jacket which I believe Horton has on now—the same jacket that Stiles had when I brought them in custody here.

Stiles's Defence. I was not there at the time they were given him—I was a mile off.

Crosbys Defence. When the trowsers were given to Mahoney, I was alongside him—he told him to go and pawn them in the name of Lee Church-street—he knows himself that I did not give them to him.





HENRY THOMAS DALBY
 (police-serjeant K 23.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Stiles's former conviction of felony, fawn Hicks's-hall—(read)—he is the man.





RICHARD MERRONEY
 (police-constable H 167.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Crosby's conviction of felony, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read.)—he is the man.
(The prisoner Horton received a good character.)

STILES—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Life.

CROSBY—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

HORTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury. 



Confined One Year.
