






153. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PHILLIPS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HATTON
                  




               
             were indicted 


               for stealing, on the 2nd of November
, 1 coat, value 18s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Wright
                  




               
            . Hatton pleaded.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WYLES
               



            . I live with Mr. Smith, of Rufford's, buildings, Islington. On the 2nd of November I saw Hatton minding a cart and horse, and Phillips stood against a wall; I saw Phillips go up to the cart, take a coat out, and run down George-yard, and Hatton after him: I went up to the cart and waited till the prosecutor came; I told him of it.


                  JOHN 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I live in Bowling-green-lane


. I left my cart and horse in care of Hatton - when I returned my coat was gone; Wyles told me of it - I went down George-yard, but could not see the prisoner; Wyles afterwards pointed Phillips out and he was taken.
Phillips. Wyles has been tried himself.
JOHN WYLES. Twelve months ago, I was destitute of a home, I went out thieving, and stole beef and bread.
Hatton. He buys anything; he bought that cap he has in his hand of a boy.


                  JOHN 
                  WYLES
               



            . I bought this for 1s. 6d. of a boy, but I don't buy stolen things; I have been in the House of Correction about three times.
COURT. Q. What were you there for? A. Once was for a pair of boots.
Hatton. He was there once for stealing a till with two more boys; one of them was the boy he bought that cap of, and he is in this goal now.
PHILLIPS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
