





46. 
               
                  
                     PHILIPC RANDLEY, alias 
PHILIP CHANDLEY





               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of November
, 1 coat, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Thomas
                  




               
            .
THOMAS THOMAS. My gig was in York-street


 on the 3rd of November, and my great coat in it; I went into a house, and in a minute or two I heard a cry of Stop thief! I went out, and they had all run away; the prisoner was afterwards brought back with my great coat - it was about five o'clock.
Prisoner. Q. Are you sure it was not six o'clock? A. I think not.


                  GRIFFITH 
                  THOMAS
               



            . My father left me in care of the gig; the great coat was in it - I left the gig, and went into the house where my father was; I was away about five minutes - I heard a noise, and when I came out the coat was gone; it was afterwards brought back.


                  EDMUND 
                  COLLIS
               



            . I was called to mind the gig about ten minutes before six o'clock; I saw the prisoner run away with the coat - I followed him: he was going to put it into a hackney-coach - a carman saw him, and called out - he ran down Tavistock-street; the gentleman came who owned the coat; I pointed out the prisoner, and the officer took him in Tavistock-street.
Prisoner. Q. How came I there? A. You were pursued from Charles-street.


                  JAMES 
                  RAPLEY
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner come running down the street, with this coat; I stopped him with it.
Prisoner. That man did not take me with the coat. - Witness. Yes, I did, and he dropped it at my feet.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
