




426. 



BARTHOLOMEW WALTERS
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
12th of January, an order for the payment of 40l., the property of 



Thomas Nicholls; and 




EDWARD DORAN



for feloniously receiving, assisting harbouring, and maintaining him, well knowing him to have committed the said felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution






THOMAS NICHOLLS
 I am a carman, and live on Dowgate-hill. On the 12th of January, I went to an alamode-beef shop in Butcherhall-lane—I had a cheque for 40l., drawn by Greenwood and Co. On Glyn's—I went to the shop about one o'clock, and came away about half-past one—I did not miss the cheque till about an hour afterwards—I instantly went to.

Gly's, (about half-past two,) and found it had been paid—I then went to the alamode-beef house, and there obtained Mr. Barrymore's card, with the address, at Mr. Allsups, No. 16, St. Paul's Churchyard—I proceeded to Mr. Allsup's, and there saw Mr. Barrymore, who acknowledged finding the cheque, and told me what he had done with it—the prisoner Walters was not there—I have seen the cheque since—I cannot swear to it—I had had it in my possession three or four hours—I was perfectly sober—I had it in my pocket when I went into the house—I had no other money—I had to pay some money at Christ's Hospital, and was going there—I had some paper in my pocket, with the cheque, and pulled the paper out in the shop, to show a friend.

Walters. Q. What story did Barrymore tell you you in Mr. Allsup's shop? A. He said, when I first went, that he had sent the cheque back to the alamode-beef shop, by a person who called for it—he then told me he had sent it back by a person in their employ, and to get his card back—he said he felt uncomfortable at having it in his possession, and he expected the card would be called for before—I said I must hold him responsible for bringing my cheque away, and giving it to a person without knowing who he was—I said, "If you choose to give my cheque to a person in your employ, I shall look to you for payment"—I asked him why he brought it away? and said I considered him responsible, by leaving his card there—I asked why he did not leave the cheque with the people of the house?—he said two or three gentlemen wished him to take it away, and leave his card—he said nothing about being advised to advertise it in The Times—I have stated all he said.





JOHN MAYHEW BARRYMORE
, I am clerk to Mr. Allsup, who lives is St. Paul's-churchyard. I know Walters, by his being in our employ from Saturday at twelve o'clock till Tuesday at dinner-time—on Tuesday, the 12th of January, I went to the alamode-beef house in Butcherhall-lane, with Mr. Allsup, junior, and Walters—it might be about ten minutes after one o'clock—I picked up a soft piece of paper from the ground, which I afterwards discovered to be a cheque, and passed it to some gentlemen on the right of me sitting in the room—they asked to look at it, and examined it—there were several gentlemen in the room—one advised me one thing and another the other—at last they said it would be better for me to leave my address with the parties in the house, and keep it in my possession—I left my card at the bar, and brought the cheque away—after leaving the eating-house, I went back again to St. Paul's-church yard—I became uncomfortable at having the cheque, and Mr. Allsup persuaded me to send or take it back—Walters said, "If you will give it to me I will take it back, I will not be five minutes"—I gave it to him to take back to the alamode beef-house, and leave it there, and bring me my card back—I did not authorize him to take it to the bankers and receive the money, I had not the least idea of that—I understand he returned in about a quarter of an hour, but I saw no more of him myself till he was in custody.

Walters. Q. Did any body in the eating-house make a remark about advertising at in The Times? A. Not to my recollection—I believe Allsup told me to cross my card—the gentleman on my right advised me to leave my card—my name was printed on the card, and I wrote my address in pencil—I believe I found the cheque before the dinner was brought in—we were in the house half an hour or more—it was said by some gentleman, that it was as well as know who was the drawer of the cheque, and we went out there was no name on the cheque to whom it was payable—it

had a number—we all went in the direction of the bankers—I went in myself and learned the address of the drawer—I did not give notice to the clerks that I had found a cheque.

Q. Why not show the cheque to them? A. Because I considered it to be more honourable to return it to the parties who drew it—I did not consider it right to show it to the clerks—I merely inquired the residence of the drawer, and got it, but I did not know whether it was on this side of the water or the other, and we all returned to St. Paul's-churchyard—I gave it to you to take back to the eating-house—I did not go to the drawer, I gave it into your custody, trusting to your honesty, as you seemed so anxious about my having it, and knowing your father was a most respectable man in out employ till he died; and you were taken into the concern out of respect to your father.

Q. Why not take the cheque back yourself? A. You seemed so anxious to take it—I had no doubt Mr. Allsup would trust you with money—Mr. Allsup depended on you as well as I did—the coat you have on now I believe was lent to you when you went to dinner, to appear respectable to go with as—the cheque was given to you before we went into Mr. Allsup's house, and you ran off in the direction of Newgate-street—Mr. Allsup and myself went into the premises—I made no remark about your hat—I did not give you my hat, because yours had a bard on it, or authorize you to take it off my desk—I know nothing about a disguise.

COURT. Q. Where did you next see the prisoner? A. Next morning, in custody, at the Mansion-house—it was after two o'clock I gave him the cheque.





CHARLES ALLSUP
. I am the son of Mr. Allsup, who keeps a china and glass-shop, in St. Paul's Church-yard; I was at the alamode-beef shop. when Barrymore picked up the cheque, and afterwards went with him to Glyns to inquire the address of the drawer—I returned with him and Walters to St. Paul's Church-yard—I was present when he gave the cheque to Walters, to go to the alamode-beef shop. to leave it with the landford, and bring back his card.

Walters. Q. Did you hear any remark about advertizing the cheque in The Times? A. I did not—on returning from the bankers, Barrymore said he did not know where Queen-street-place was, and as you were anxious to take the cheque to the alamode-beef-house—he gave it you to take back there—I know nothing about any disguise—it was before dinner that I gave you a great coat.

Q. Why convey your coat to me out at the back-door your father's premises? A. I always come out at the back-door—I brought out that coat for you to go in, to make you respectable to go to dinner—you have torn the skirts off—I did not propose a disguise—I did not tell you to say, you wanted plaster of Paris—he was coming down the counting-house stairs as I went up, and he asked me for money for plaster of Paris, which I gave him.

Q. did you not propose that subterfuge to me, to avoid further suspicion? A. I did not if a man wants to go out he can always go with my permission—I did not give you a green handkerchief—you asked me what you were to get the plaster in, and I said, "There is a basin, take it"—I did not tell you to leave the coat with Mrs. Brown, in Carter-lane—I did not go with you to a public-house, in Carter-lane.

COURT, Q. How near had you got to your father's when the cheque was parted with? A. I should think about one hundred yards—the prisoner said, he thought it was the best to take the cheque back to the alamode-beef

shop, and Barrymore gave it to him to do so—I do not know who first mentioned about taking it back—Walters said, he was rather anixious at our having it in out possession, that our time would be of more consequence than his, and he would take it back, and we trusted it to him—the party on his left hand in the alamode-beef shop showed it to him; but whether he had it in his hand, I cannot say—Walters accompanied us to the bankers to inquire about the drawer; but he did not go in.





JOHN FOSTER
, I am clerk to Messrs. Glyn, Mills, and Co. I produce a cheque for 40l., drawn by Green and Co., in favour of No. 581—I paid it at the counter on the 12th of January, about twelve minutes after two o'clock, as near as I can speak—I do not know who I paid it to—I paid forty sovereigns for it—I have no recollection of Walters—I paid it to a man—I, myself, know of no inquiry being made about the cheque that day.





JOHN HACKETT
. I am a constable. I received in formation of the loss of the cheque from Mr. Barrymore and Mr. Allsop—I went with Harrison on the following day to the neighbourhood of Whitechapel; on Wednesday, the 13th, about a quarter past twelve o'clock—we got into Whitechapel, I saw Walters walking arm-in-arm with a woman named Carr, and Doran about a yard from him on the left-hand side of the woman, rather behind her—they were all going in the same direction—Walters and the woman wee very busy in conversation together—I did not observe any conversation with Doran—I saw the woman speaking to another woman a Mrs. Doran, who was there, had hold of the other woman, or was very close to her—I did not observe any conversation with Doran himself—on coming down Union street I saw Doran first—I looked at him, passed him, and passed Walters, who answered the description I had received—I had got about three yards past them—I turned round, and said to Harrison, "That person answers the description"—Harrison, being near sighted, adjusted his glassed, and said, "Take him"—Walters, Doran, and a woman came close up to me—Walters took Harrison by the hand, shook hands with him, and said, "How do you do?"—Doran came close up to Walters at the time, and I firmly believe on my oath that the money was passed at that time—there was time for it I did not see any motion of their hands—I took Walters into custody, Doran followed—we came to the corner with a policeman, No. 101—a crowd came round, and he offered his assistance—I told him to look after Doran—I took walters to the station-house and found on him 15s. 10d. and a gold ring—I told the policeman not to touch Doran unless he attempted to make off—Doran came up close to Walters on our way to the Mansion-house—after he had been searched, he said, "What is all this about?"—Walters said, "I don't know; something about a cheque that I know nothing about; have you got any charge against me?"—I said to Walters, "Is that your brother?"—he said, "No; he is stranger to me; I never saw the man before in my life"—when we got to the Mansion-house I put Walters into the cage—Doran was followed by the policeman, and I said to him," Now I must search you"—he said, "Search me; what have I done?"—I searched him, and found a purse containing thirty-four sovereigns, and in his other pocket one shilling, but not in the purse—he said, "The shilling is mine; I put it into my pocket to spent this morning"—he said, "I will enter an action against you; this is my own hard earning."

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. After examining them before the Lord Mayor, was Doran suffered to go away? A. Yes; on his promise

to attend the next examination, and he did, on the Saturday—the first examination was on the Wednesday—he was committed on the Saturday—I suppose Doran followed us two or three hundred yards before I told any person to look after him—from the corner of the Tenter-ground to Whitechapel church—he had an opportunity of going another way.





ROBERT GREEN
. I am potboy at the Black Horse and Windmill, in Fieldgate-street, Whitechapel, On Tuesday evening, the 12th of January, between nine and ten o'clock, the prisoners came to the house together, and went away between eleven and twelve o'clock—they drank together, and were in conversation together—they asked me to drink once or twice, which I did—they went away together.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it was Tuesday, the 12th? A. I believe it was the 12th, or I am under a great mistake—I know it was on Tuesday—I know it was that day—the officer came to me about it, on Thursday, I believe—the prisoners are the men—I have known Doran for months—I had not seen Walters before he came in with him on the Tuesday evening.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was it on the Tuesday before the Saturday you were examined at the Mansion-house that they were at your house? A. Yes; Richard Elliot, who lodges at my house, was in the room all the time.

Walters. Q. What kind of room is your parlour?—is it a mixed of select company? A. I never have any disagreeable people there to kick up any rows.





RICHARD ELLIOTT
, I lodge at this public-house. I remember Tuesday the 12th of January—I saw two prisoners there—they came in between between nine and ten o'clock, and left between eleven and twelve o'clock—I am sure they are the persons—they were drinking and conversing together.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know either of them before? A. never.





SARAH ELLIOTT
. I live at No. 43, Charles-street, Drury-lane, with my mother. I know Walters—I never myself saw Doran come there.





HARRIET NEWLAND
. I keep a dyer's shop in Westmoreland-place, City-road, I know Walters and Doran—Walters was confined on my account, and on that occasion I saw Doran, and he described himself as Walters' cousin—I first saw Walters on the 6th of May last, and Doran on the 7th of May—he accompanied me and my friends to Worship-street, on the case about Walters, and there said he was his cousin.

Cross-examined. Q. It was in the public office that he said he was his cousin? A. In the passage of the office—a great many people heard him.

Walters. Q. Did Doran take any interest on my behalf? A. He accompanied me to the office, and said you were his cousin, and that you had behaved very ill to him—he said in the passage, "You may depend on it Bartholomew, I will give you lift"—you said, "Ned, if you can do me no good, you may as well stop away."





MARY WALKER
. I live in John's-row, St. Luke's. Last October twelve months, I saw the two prisoners together—Doran came to a house apposite me, and fetched Walters's—on the 7th of May last I saw Doran at Mrs. Carr's house, an acquaintance of mine—Doran seemed much enraged against Walters, and he told me he was his cousin—I said, "You are rather hard on him, are you first cousins"—he said, "No, my mother was a Walters"—I believe he works hard, but I know nothing of Doran—I believe he is poor man from what I have heard his wife say.

Cross-examined. Q. What is he? A. A coachsmith.





HARIETT NEWLAND
 re-examined (looking at a letter.) I have seen Walters

write, and think this is his writing—I have seen several letters he has written for me—one in my presence at the Compter, and several since—I believe this to be his writing, but should not like to swear positively—I saw him write a letter, and give it into my hands in Giltspur-street Compter—I took it from his hand and read it—I never saw him write except that time—this corresponds with letters which have come to me from him





ELIZABETH SPICER
. I received this letter by the two penny post—it corresponds with other letters which I have had from Walters—I firmly believe it to be his—(letter rend) Directed to Mrs. Spicer—dated "Newgate, January 21. 1836. Dear Elizabeth, Once more must I address you from the dungeon—I have once more been plunged into trouble, but I am the most innocent of men, but my case is desperate—I obtained the situation I spoke to you about, and soon became a favourite with my master's eldest son, who made me his companion, and in an evil moment he invited me to dinner at a celebrated soup room in the City, the consequence was, he found a cheque for 40l. and presented it for payment, obtained the money, was found out, and then turned round on me, and said that he had resigned it to me—I was apprehended, examined at the Mansion-house, and fully committed for trial—I expected long before this to be wealthy and happy with you—but just now all is blighted, yet if I should be acquitted, I shall receive 34l. and that with your little cash will place us in affluence—all depends upon a Counsel—do try and advance me 1l. or half a sovereign to procure one, and come and see me at all events, the allowance here is absolutely nothing but water gruel—I would have sent to you long before this, &c."
"P. S. A Counsel will clear me if I can obtain one. "





THOMAS NICHOLLS
, I believe this to be the cheque I received from Green, Wilson, & Co. (cheque read).

Walter's Defence. I was never as I am now situate, and never before a judge and jury—with reference to the occurrence last May, it was not for felony, and I hope that will not urge against me—as to the present transaction, on the 12th of January, I went, in company with young Allsup and Barrymore to the soup-room in Butcherhall-lane—we were scarcely seated when Barrymore found the cheque, he noticed the circumstance to us two, and we desired him dash his pen across it, and leave his card—at the same time Allsup said it would be well to advertise his finding the cheque in the newspapers, and get a reward—in half an hour we left the room to go and discover the drawer of the cheque—we went to the bankers—Barrymore left us waiting outside for about ten minutes—he came to us, and said he had ascertained the residence, but did not tell us where—he came to Mr. Allsup's establishment, and stopped short before he went in—he asked me as a favour to go and retract his card from the soup-room, saying he was sorry he had done it, and did not see why he should do it—I did not like to disoblige him, but hesitated at going to retract the card—on that, Barrymore suggested that I should disguise myself, for fear they might know me, and imagine there was some drift in my calling for the card—we went into Mr. Allsup's—Barrymore deliberately gave me his hat and took my own in exchange, as mine had a broad hathand—my own hat was worth two of his—young Allsup promised me his great-coat and large green comforter and handkerchief, and when I objected to go out, having come in before his father, he said, "Say you want some plaster of Paris, and I will provide you with money"—he gave

me a gallipot and sixpence, and I took it—he was to meet me at his father's back-door in Carter's-lane—I waited five minutes—he brought me the coat and handkerchief—I put it on—he took me over to Mrs. Brown's—he told her I should leave the coat there, and he would call for it—I then went to retract the card, but afterwards considering of it, I did not go—the afternoon was advanced then, and had I gone back, the afternoon would be stopped out of my pay—my mother was going to Liverpool, and I went to the coach-office in Wood-street to assist her, but she did not like to travel at night, and put off her journey—Barrymore and Allsup are the guilty persons, and not I—when I was apprehended, this person (Doran)was near me—we walked nearly through Whitechapel—when I was apprehended he came up and asked what was the matter—I said I was taken for a cheque, I did not know what it was about, but supposed it would soon be settled—he said "I will go and see about it"—I thought he had a sneer on his countenance, and asked if he had any charge against me—the officer told the policeman to look after him, but not in his hearing—I was searched, and taken before the Lord Mayor—on hearing the story, the Lord Mayor said it was a clear conspiracy, and held over Barrymore and Allsup to bail, remanded me, and discharged this man—but at the second hearing Barrymore was admitted as a prosecutor—with reference to the cheque, I know nothing of it—it never was in my hand—he desired me to withdraw his card, but never gave me the cheque—and had I withdrawn his card, perhaps I should not have been here—Barrymore and Allsup are companions—they are together all their spare hours, and I am mad their victim.

Doran's Defence. It has been represented I was a very poor man—I have witnesses to prove I have been a master for myself a year and a half ago, and at the present time, when at work, I can earn 36s. week—I intended going into business in the Spring with my brother—I have witnesses to prove I was master of a shop at one time, and have master coach-makers to prove I served them with goods as a coach-smith, and thus I account for the money I had—my wife is very industrious, and earns 10s. or 16s. a week—I have no children.





JOHN HACKETT

re-examined. I was dressed as I am now when I met the prisoners—I never saw them before—they had no means of knowing whether I was a constable or not.





EDWARD CARR
, I am a cloth-drawer, and live in Monday's-place, Back-lane, Whitechapel. I have known Doran twelve years—he ranted some premises of me two years ago, and paid me honourable for persons in the coach-spring way at the time as a master—he worked for persons in the neighbourhood—he was a little manufacturer, and considered as an honest man—he bore an excellent character at that time—I have known him to the present time—I have paid his wife various sums of money for washing

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was his wife a Walters? A. Not to my knowledge—I do not know so from—if I was to say I did not know Walters, I should tell a falsehood—I never said I did not, to my knowledge—I was not put on my oath before the Lord Mayor—perhaps I might deny all knowledge of him—I cannot say that I did—I do not know whether I did or not—a man cannot always recollect the words he utters—Walters was walking with my wife when he was apprehended—she lives with me—he did not take my wife away—I might have said so—I

do not know what relationship there is between the prisoners—they have known each other a long time—perhaps eighteen months or two years—I never heard them call each other cousins—I might have told the Lord Mayor I knew nothing about Walters.

MRS. CARR I have come to give Doran a good character—he occupying premises of me.

MR. CLARKSON, Q. Do you know Thomas Shelford? A. I do; he is a hair-dresser, living on Great Saffron-hill—I did not have any conversation with him on the 19th of May—not to my knowledge—I did not tell him, I had hold of Walters' arm when he was taken.

Q. Did you tell him that on going along, Walters passed the money to Doran, and told him to put it in his boot? A. No; I will explain that—on the day they left the Mansion-house, the money was given him, and it was said, to put it in his boot, as he might not be allowed to take it to Newgate—I did not tell Shelford that Walter passed the thirty-four sovereigns to him, to put into his boot—I said it was the money the Lord Mayor returned to him—I did not tell him, that I said to him, what a fool he was not to put it into my hand, as if it was less than 100-. I would have accounted for it—he said what a fool he was not to me, for if it had been eighty or one hundred, I could have accounted for it—I did not tell him that the defence to be got up was, that Barrymore desired him to get the money, and they were to share it, and have 13l. 6s. 8d. a piece—no such words ever passed my lips—I did not tell him that they were to say Allsup lent him a coat, and Barrymore a hat and handkerchief to look respectable to get the money—I said, "Allsup lent him a coat to appear respectable to dine with them, as the Sunday Dispatch stated"—I stated what I had seen in the Dispatch.





CHARLES ALLSUP
 re-examined, I was before the Lord Mayor., and was bound over to appear to give an account of the transaction—that was at the time Doran was committed—I was bound over as a witness—I was held to bail, to answer this as a charge the first time, and on further enquiry I was bound over as a witness—Doran came to ask the Lord Mayor for his money—Walters came back after he went with the cheque, and I gave him the money for plaster of Paris—it must have been about twenty minutes after two o'clock—I did not ask him if he had been for the card—I thought Barrymore was up stairs, and as Walters was coming down, as I thought out of the counting-house, I thought he had seen him—I thought no more of it—I thought he had given the card to Barrymore, but Barrymore did not see him at all—I thought he was there, but it seems he was not—I did not see the prisoner on the premises for above two minutes—I gave him the sixpence, he went out and did not return.

JURY
to
RICHARD ELLIOTT. Q. You said the prisoners were at the public-house—you had never seen them before—did any thing occur to impress your mind that they were the men? A. Nothing particular; I was in the same room with them from half-past seven o'clock till the house closed—I was there before they came in, and after they went out—Walters was dressed in a great coat—I described them next morning to the officer.

Walters. I should have written in the letter 54l. instead of 31l. it being money my father had left me—I wrote under depressed spirits, and therefore called my ease desperate.

WALTERS—


GUILTY
, 


Transported for Seven Years.

DORAN—


NOT GUILTY




First Jury, before Mr. Justice Vaughan.
