




1335. 




EDWARD SKINNER
 and 




GEORGE YOUNG
 were indicted for

feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Usher, on the 
8th of May, at 
St. Luke, Chelsea, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 pair of boots, value 5s., his goods.






ALFRED USHER
. I am nine years old, and live with my mother, who keeps a shop in Chelsea-market—my father does not live in the house. On the 8th of May, about three o'clock, I went into the shop from the parlour—I saw the two prisoners outside the window, which was open—I had seen it shut about half-past two o'clock—I did not see them open it—when I first saw them, they had got one boot out, and were trying to get another, but could not—they had it half way out—I went to the door and they ran away—I told my mother, and she came out—Skinner was brought in in about half an hour—I have known the prisoners for about a year.





SARAH USHER
. I am the wife of Joseph Usher—I keep a shoemaker's shop in Chelsea-market, in the parish of St. Luke, Chelsea. I heard my son call out, and went to the shop—I found the window half open—I had seen it shut a very few minutes before—it is a double-sash window, and can be opened from the outside—it was lifted about a foot and a half—I missed one woman's boot from the window—the fellow one was on the ledge, halfway out—I had seen the boots in front of the window about a quarter of an hour before—the second boot was entirely removed from where it was before.





JAMES BRADLEY
 (police-constable B 134.) On the afternoon of the 8th of May I was in Jew's-row, Chelsea—I apprehended Skinner, and took him to the prosecutrix, and her son said he was the boy—I took Young after-wards—I told him it was for stealing the boots from Chelsea market—he denied it—(1 had met him previously, but did not take him)—when we got to the station-house he said the boot was hid in Chelsea College field, covered over with tin—I went there and found it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

SKINNER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.





Confined One Year in the Penitentiary,
 and then 



Transported for Seven Years.

YOUNG—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.
