





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1277. 
               
                  MICHAEL 
                  DUFFEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of December
, 1 half-crown, 15 shillings, and 4 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Garrett
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  GARRETT
               



            . I am a turner
. On the 31st of December, in the afternoon, I met the prisoner and another - the prisoner asked me to go into a public-house, which I did; I was quite sober - I had not seen the prisoner before; Saunders was with him - the prisoner called for some gin and water: we all went into the house together - the other called for the gin and water, and paid for it: the other man, said he met a lady last night, and lent her 5l. to get a bonnet - the prisoner was there, and I am sure he heard it - we then went into the public-house, and had something to drink; I told him he would never see the bonnet nor the woman again - the other then said he had been to the Bank and received 800l.; the prisoner heard him say it - they both asked me if I had any money; I said I had: the prisoner asked me to pull it out and lay it on the table, which I did - it was 19s.6d.; the prisoner took it up and put it into the other one's hat, which was on the table; the prisoner then got up, and called me to the door - I went out with him, and when I returned the other man had run away with the money; it was a parlour we were in: when we got out into the street the prisoner said he was going to get change for a draft, and I left him - before he went away he told me to go back and look after the other one; I went, but the man and money were gone - I prosecuted that man in January last; all the money was gone, my hat and all - I had only 1 1/2d. left: I was at the door two or three minutes.
Prisoner. Q. Can you positively swear I am the man? A. Yes: I never saw you before nor since till now - I think I was an hour in your company; I did not tell my brother I would not come up, as I did not know you were the man.
COURT. Q. You had conversation with these two men? A. Yes, and with the prisoner at the door - I am sure he is the man.


                  CHARLES 
                  DAWSON
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the day in question I saw the prisoner, the prosecutor, and the other man in the street; I am quite positive of the prisoner - I had known him some time: they went into the Frying Pan public-house, at the corner of Thrawl-street


 - there is a side door and a corner one: the prisoner and the prosecutor came to the door, and the other one (Saunders) came out at the side door, and turned down Thrawl-street - the prisoner went down Brick-lane and the prosecutor went into the house by himself; I went and asked him if he knew the persons; he said No, but one of them said he was a countryman of his - I took Saunders in company with the prisoner about a week afterwards, but the prisoner got away; I took the prisoner at Epsom races on the 27th of May - I was directed to look after him by the Judge on the last trial.
Prisoner. I was in custody on the 8th of March, but he did not appear against me. Witness. I believe he was, but I did not know it, and no one appeared against him.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent; the prosecutor's brother told my wife he would not appear, as he could not swear against me; he knew that I was in custody.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
