



1942. 




JOHN WILLIS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
25th of August, 1 carpet-bag, and 1 padlock, in a vessel, on a certain navigable river called the Thames.






HENRY HACKNELL
. I am an engineer, and live in Frederick-place, Hampstead-road. I went on board the Royal William, a steamer, which was going to Margate, with Margaret M'Henry—she had a carpet-bag—I saw it safe on board—I saw it deposited safe—I took the ladies to show them where it had been placed, and it was then gone—I had placed it there about five minutes before—the lady desired me to search for it immediately—I looked over all the carpet—bags in the fore part of the vessel, and

on looking up in a few minutes, I saw the prisoner in custody—I saw the carpet—bag and claimed it—the lady went to Margate, and has since gone to Paris—I know the bag—It contained money and jewellery; and a padlock which is here.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Are you a friend of the lady, or a relstion? A. A friend—I accompanied her from Queen-street, Mayfair—she came in a private carriag, and I came in a coach, as there was too much loggage fro the carriage—the carpet—bage was in the coach with me—the other lady was my mother—the carpet—bag was given into my custody in Queen-street, to put into the coach—It was locked, and Miss M'Henry had the key—I took the Iuggage on board first, leaving the ladies behind—the porter carried the bag on board—he was a porter I found there—I went with him, and saw him deposit the bag in the vessel—I then left the vessel and went on shore—the vessel was moored close to Fresh wharf—I then returned with the ladies to the vessel, and the bag was missed—after it was found the ladies carried it on to Margate—I did not go with them—I saw the bag again on the Saturday—this happened on Tuesday—I had never seen it before the Tuesday—I merely took it to the vessel and deposited it there—I saw it when it was found, and not again till it was brought back from Margate—I swear it was the same bag, but I never saw one like it before—Miss M'Henry is very ill, and unable to come to London—and it was agreed that I should go to Margate and etch the bag—s e was on the way to the Continent.

COURT
Q. Was the bag you saw on the deck, and which she claimed, the same as you had brought from Queen-street? A. Yes.





JOHN FIRTH
. I am chief mate of the Royal William. I was on the paddle—box, and saw the prisoner take the carpet—bag from where it was deposited, and take it out of the vessal—I followed and secured him with it—he was quite a stranger to me—he took it ashore.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose most of the people were strangers? A. The passengers were—I was astonished to see him take the bag ashore.





JOHN JAMES
. I am a superintendent at the London Steam Packet Wharf—I was on the paddle-box of the Royal William—I saw the prisoner on a lighter with the bag—I said, "Is that your bag, Sir?"—he said "No, it is for a gentleman that is going to Margate"—I said, "You can't go ashore with that bag, you must wait there for the gentleman"—I then went and fetched an officer—I never saw him before.





JOHN RAVENSCROFT
. I am an officer. I took him into custody—I was present when Miss M'Henry was on board—I asked her to leave the carpet—bag with me—she refused.

Prisoner's Defence. I had not the least intention of stealing it.




GUILTY
. Aged 49.—


Transported for Seven Years.
