



1007. 




FRANCIS DAVIES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of March, 1 purse, value 4s.; 1 sovereign, 2 half-crowns, 10 shillings, and I sixpence; the goods and monies of 



William Dimes, from the person of 



Elizabeth Wintersgill Dimes.






ELIZABETH WINTERSGILL DIMES
. I live in Austin Friars, and am the wife of William Dimes. About one o'clock on Saturday, the 31st of March, I was going down St. Botolph's-lane, when I got to the corner of Thames-street two or three people came before me, and an equal number I think behind—I tried to move backwards—I then made a push forwards, and a man behind me gave me a violent push, and I lost a purse from my pocket, which contained a sovereign and about 1l. in silver, to the best of my knowledge—there were two half-crowns—I cannot tell who any of the people were, but I think the prisoner was a man who was behind me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How lately had you seen the purse A. Immediately before I left home—I had walked to a watchmaker's in Cornhill, and then I went down to this place, which took me eight a twelve minutes—I am sure I had my money in my pocket—I was pursed forwards, and I apologised to a woman that I was pushed agains, I turned and saw one or two persons—I think the prisoner was one.





JAMES CUTHBBRT
. I am an officer. About one o'clock on Saturday, the 31st of March, I was in East-cheap—I observed the prisoner and several others—I had known them before—I saw the prosecutrix going down Botolph's-lane—I asked a witness here to follow her—I watched the prisoner and his companions—at the bottom of the lane they all surrounded her—the prisoner was one—they surrounded her purposely, at accident ally.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you an officer? Yet—I as Inspector of the watch of Bread-street ward—I don't believe I knew the prisoner before that day—I knew those who were with him—I lost sight of him from eight to ten minutes—I lost sight of the whole of them directly after they had completed their purpose, in my opinion—they left the lady—I went to ask if she had lost any thing—they went down Dark House-lane—I followed them from place to place—I saw four of them together, but the prisoner was not pointed out to me at that time.






THOMAS BARNETT
. I reside with Mr. Harford. The officer came and told me to assist him—I walked down Botolph-lane, and I saw the prisoner and four others—I saw the prisoner feel the lady's pocket three times—when they got to the bottom of the lane they all surrounded her—the prisoner got behind the lady, picked her pocket, and handed something to one of his companions—I saw it quite distinctly, and saw him put his hand into her pocket.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you and your friend been getting this case up, since you were before the Magistrate? A. No—I do not exactly know bow long I have been acquainted with Mr. Cuthbert—it might be twelve or eighteen months, or two years, but not three years—I have not been talking to him about this case since I was before the Magistrate.

Q. Have you not talked to Cuthbert about the case this day? A. It if not my business to answer that question—I did not speak to him about it, only he said, I want you such a time at the Old Bailey, and then he said but side what time it was to come on—I have never been out thief-hunting with him—I never was a witness before—I am an orange merchant's man and a cooper—I have been with Mr. Harford ever since I came from a place called Hems worth, eleven miles this side of Portsmouth, and then I was kept by my parents—I saw the prisoner feel the woman's pocket three times—I said that before the Magistrate—what I said was taken down, and read over to me—I signed it—I said before the Magistrate that I saw him feel the lady three times as she was going down the lane—this it my handwriting—(looking at his deposition)—I will not swear to the prisoner's dress, but I will to his face—he had no cape on when he picked the lady's pocket.





JAMES WALTER BREWER
. About one o'clock I was in Lime-street passage, and heard a cry of "Stop, thief!"—I saw the prisoner running, and stopped him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you observe How he was dressed? A. Yes; in a Mackintosh cape, buttoned up to the top.

MR. PHILLIPS to JAMES CUTHBERT. Q. How was the prisoner dressed at the time this lady was robbed? A. In the same way he is now—the same coat and waistcoat—I cannot swear How he was dressed about the neck—I never said I saw him in a Mackintosh cape—I did not see him in that—he was taken in eight or ten minutes, and he had a Mackintosh cape then—I have known Barnett about twelve months—I called on him to watch the parties, because I knew several of them knew me, and that I should have no chance of detecting them—I may have said something to Barnett about this case since we were before the Magistrate, but no particular point—I may have said he must be very particular in what he said, to mind his statement—I would not swear that I did not say it to him.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin,
