



17. 




JAMES BATCHELOR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of September, 1 ass, value 15s.; the property of 



George William Somerville.







GEORGE WILLIAM SOMERVILLE
. I am a shoe maker, and live in Brillrow, Somer's-town. I sent my boy with my donkey, on the 19th of September, to Pancras-fields, to graze—I went these myself about eleven o'clock, and saw it safe—my boy afterwards came and gave me information—I went, and it was gone—it was found next morning in the City Green-yard—that was Saturday—I know the prisoner, by seeing him sell water-cresses about.





GEORGE SOMERVILLE
. I am the prosecutor's son. On Friday, the 19th of September, I took the donkey to Pancras-fields—it was grazing there—I saw the prisoner there, with another boy, named Tom Wells, both lying down—I knew the prisoner before—he sells water-cresses—he and Wells were together in company—the prisoner came up to me and asked if my father wanted to sell the donkey—I said "No?" and then the other sprung up and said, "I will give you 10s. for it"—he held out his hand—there was no money in it—they both went away into another street, and then came back—one took hold of its ear, and the other beaf him out of the field—I ran after them as far as I could, and then ran home and told my father—I am quite sure the prisoner was the person—he took hold of its ears, and trotted him off—it was about twelve o'clock.





BENJAMIN DIGBY
. I am a baker. I saw the prisoner two days previous to this transaction—Thomas Wells brought the ass to me at one o'clock on Friday morning for sale—I bought it of him for 9s.—the prosecutor saw it next day—I saw Wells and the prisoner two days previous to that at Romford—Wells brought two asses home, and sold them to me that day—I had to purchase a dozen donkeys for my brother, who was going to the West Indies—I gave 24s. for some of them.





CHARLES GRINHAM
. I apprehended the prisoner in Gray's-inn-road—I told him I wanted him for being concerned with Wells in stealing a donkey in Pancras fields—he asked when it was?—I said it was in September, and afterwards said it was on the 19th (Friday)—he said, "I was at Newbury, in Berkshire, gathering water-cresses, and can bring witnesses to prove it."

Prisoner's Defence. I was in the field with Wells—he said to the boy, "This Donkey belongs to Martin"—he went to Martin and said, "This is your donkey"—Martin said, "No, it is not"—I went to work, and Wells took the donkey through the turnpike, and I never saw him again.





GEORGE HAGUR
. I was going down Brill-row—I saw the boy belonging to the donkey in the field, playing at marbles—I was going across the fields, and saw Wells taking the donkey through the turnpike—he ran up Camden-town—the boy came by, and asked me if I had seen any body take the donkey?—I said, "Yes, Wells ran up Camden-town with it, "and he fetched his father.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
