



2206. 




MARY SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of September, 1 snuff-box, value 4d.; 1 half-sovereign, 16 shillings, and is sixpences; the goods and monies of 



Dominique Rosa, from his person.






DOMINIQUE ROSA
 (through an interpreter.) I am an Italian. Last Sunday week, between two and half-past two o'clock, I was in a street about a mile and a half from here—I do not know the name of the street—I was tired, and put my organ outside the public house—I went into the public house, and had a half pint of beer—I do not know the name of the public house—the prisoner came behind me, and said, "How do you do, my dear?"—I never saw her before—she put her hand into my pocket and pulled my box out—there was half a sovereign in gold and 15s. in silver in it, and 15s. in a piece of paper besides—she put them into her bosom I held her till the policeman came, and he took her into custody.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me in any public house whatever? A. Yes—there were some people came round me, because I had got hold of you—there were none about me before.

Q. When you first went to the station-house, what money did you state you lost? A. I could not say exactly—I could not tell them in English I told them 12 and 12, and 12 and 4—I did not say if you gave me 10s. I would let you go—I said at the Thames Police that I had lost three times twelve and plenty money more.





SOLOMON MANDLIFF
. I saw the prosecutor holding the prisoner by her two shoulders when I came down from my dinner—he beckoned to me, and said, "My money, my money"—I was standing by—no person gave him any assistance—he explained to me as well as he could what had happened to him, but he did not understand English properly—I saw the box fall from the prisoner's bosom, from the right side down to the ground, like a sack of money gingling, but I looked on the ground and did not see any money there at all—it went like a flash of lightning, and I saw no more it—I do not know who picked it up—there was a great number of people round—I should know the box if I saw it again—I could swear to it was a purple maple-coloured box, very dark, as though it had been dirtied.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me with any money in the box? I did not see you take the box—I only heard it gingle like a sack of silver.





GEORGE FREEMAN
 (police-constable 183 K.) On Sunday afternoon, about two o'clock, I saw the prosecutor in High-street, Shadwell—he was gone into a public-house to have something to drink—he set his organ down on the pavement—I told him to take it away, for some one might run against it, and destroy it, perhaps—he said, "I shall not be long, (as well as he could make me understand,) "I only want half a pint of beer—I told him he had better not stop—he said, "Plenty of money"—he pulled the box out, and it seemed to have plenty of silver in it—I said, he had better put it away, and go home—he took my advice and went off—

about half an hour after, I heard a cry of police—I saw a mob, and went towards them—I saw the prosecutor had hold of the prisoner by the two shoulders—he was calling out "My money, my money"—I begged of him to leave go of her, and I took her into custody; but before I left the spot a little girl picked up the box and gave it to me, saying," Here is a box, I suppose it belongs to that gentleman; I picked it off the stones"—I could not swear to it, but I believe it to be the same I had seen the prosecutor with half an hour previous—it had only 2s. in it then—the prisoner was searched by a woman, but nothing was found on her—I understood the prosecutor to say he had been robbed of 12s. at first, and then when I gave him the box with the 2s., in it he said 10s.; but he talked such bad English I could not understand him—this is the box.

Prisoner. Did not the prosecutor say, if I gave him 10s. he would let me go? A. I did not hear it.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

 Prisoner's Defence. I was going along Shadwell, and saw a large mob in the middle of the road—I went up, and saw the prosecutor with an organ on his back—he was very much intoxicated—I saw a parcel of boys about his feet scrambling for something, and they ran away—he immediately grabbed hold of me, and said, "My money"—I said I had not got it—he vent to the station-house, and said I had got 10s., of his—I said I had not—he then said, "If you will give me 10s. I will let you go"—I said I had not got it, and could not give it—the policeman then brought in a box some thing like that produced, and said, "A girl gave it to me; it contains 2s."—the prosecutor said, "I lost 12s., now I have only lost 10s.;" he after wards said he had lost 2l., and when he was called-up again, he said he had lost 14s—I never saw the box till the policeman brought it to the station house.




GUILTY
*. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(The prisoner has been three times in custody.)

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.
