






2403. 
               
                  
                     JESSE 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             & 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of October
, 10 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Parks
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PARKS
               



            . I came from Sutton Colefield, five weeks ago, and was lodging in Silver-street, Falcon-square - I live on my property. On the 14th of October, between twelve and one o'clock, I was coming from Drury-lane, theatre; as I came through Templebar I met Thompson - she came and laid hold of me; she asked me to go with her just up Shire-lane


 - we went into the third house on the right hand side; she took me into a room on the first floor - I staid thereabout an hour; I had 16s. or 17s. in my pocket - I gave her 8d. to get something to drink; she called the landlady to fetch it, and then asked if her sister might have a glass - she then called up Brown, who went down again, and returned some time after; I gave Thompson 5s. for herself, and to pay for the room; I then wanted to come away - they would not let me; they wanted more drink - I gave them 1s.; one of them went down, and sent for more drink; she came up again - the landlady brought in the gin; when that was drank, I wanted to go; Thompson came and caught hold of me; Brown said she knew I had some more money in my pocket, and she would be d-d if she would not have it - she caught hold of my pocket; I had got my hand in my pocket, but she tore it down; there was about 8s. in it - my pocket-book fell down; I stooped to take it up, and Thompson snatched at my watch, and got it out, but the guard prevented her getting it; the landlady came up, hearing the row - I told her what had happened; I pulled out 31/2d., and said, "They have got all but that, and may as well take that;" she said, "No - they shan't take that, it will do to buy you a pint of porter as you go home;" I came down, met a Policeman at the door, took him in, and gave them in charge.
Cross-examined by MR. DONNE. Q. Were you sober? A. Quite - I only had two glasses of gin; the landlady and they drank it among them; I was not alone with Thompson more than five or six minutes before Brown came up; I gave Brown nothing - I was not left alone with her - she did not ask me for money for going with her; she might fall in the struggle - I used no blows to any of them, nor did I knock them down.


                  JOHN 
                  BAYS
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was on duty in Shire-lane, Middlesex, and on passing the door I heard a noise, and somebody said, "If you don't let me alone I will call the Police;" I remained close to the door - the prosecutor came out, and showed me his coat; the inside pocket was quite torn out: I apprehended the prisoners in the house - they said they knew nothing about it; I found 3s. on Thompson, but nothing on Brown.
Thompson's Defence. He did not find a halfpenny on me, nor did I attempt to go into the room at all; I went up with the landlady when we heard the scuffle between him and Brown.
Brown's Defence. The prosecutor told me his pocket had been torn out at the theatre, and asked me to sew it up.
THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
