





75. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     OWEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, 3 sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, and 5 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Walker
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am a book-keeper
 to Messrs. Atkinson and Co., and live at Highgate. On the 9th of November, I was going home, and called at the Robin-hood, public-house


, to take some refreshment, as I frequently do - I had some ale; the prisoner was there drinking with a man and another female - she was at the bar, and I had an opportunity of looking at her - I know she is the person - she must have gone out just previous to me, for when I went out on my way home, I saw her just at the door - she came and said she wished to speak to me; I said, "Good woman, I know nothing of you, go about your business;" I went on for about twenty yards - she followed, and began speaking to me again, and went on for some distance - she wanted me to go home with her, which I refused; she then asked me to give her something to drink - I said, "I will give you a shilling to go about your business;" I took out my purse, gave her 1s., and put my purse into my pocket again; she immediately put her hands upon me, and said, "Now you must go home with me;" I put my hand out and said, "Go about your business;" she then ran off - I put my hand into my pocket, and missed the purse; I ran after her, but she got to a corner, and as it was very foggy I lost her; my purse contained three sovereigns and 10s. or 12s. - I have never found it since - I gave notice to the Police office.


                  HENRY 
                  BUSBY
               



            . I am a publican. I remember the prosecutor being at my house on the night in question; the prisoner was there, and went out a few minutes before him, while he was paying his reckoning.


                  HENRY 
                  DUBOIS
               



             (Police-constable N 34). About one o'clock on Saturday morning, the 10th of November, I apprehended the prisoner, from the prosecutor's description - I had seen her the same morning in the Vinegar-ground, with a brown purse - she emptied some money into her hand, and saw three sovereigns quite distinctly.
Prisoner's Defence. I was at the Robin-hood, and asked the female to go home - she told me to go and shut the sutters; I went out, and was tying my pattens, when the prosecutor came and tapped me on the shoulder - he asked where I lived, and I told him; but he said it was too far to go, and bade me good night.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
