



2285. 




JOHN WELLING
 was again indicted

for stealing, on the 
22nd of October, at 
St. Giles's Camberwell, 1 till, value 2s.; 4 shillilngs and 2 sixpences; the goods and monies of 



George Mussell.






GEORGE MUSSELL
. I live in Church-street, Camberwell. On the 22nd of October, about half-past eight o'clock in the evening. I heard a noise in the shop—I went in immediately, and found the till on the floor—I had seen it about five minutes before—there was then five or six shillings in it—nobody had been in the shop after I saw it safe, to my knowledge—when I got into the shop I saw the prisoner outside the door, collared by the witness—he struggled to get away—the money was in the till, which was on the floor.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far were you from the persons who were struggling? A. Close to them—I did not lay hold off the prisoner, as the witness was sufficiently strong; but he got away—I did not feel inclined to lay hold of him—I was standing at the door—I saw him for about two minutes—I did not lose any money—I had never seen the prisoner before—I was by his side—I do not recollect saying anything to him—I was much agitated at the time—I can swear to him—there was a lamp-post immediately opposite.





JAMES MAYES
. I was standing close by the prosecutor's shop, at about half-past eight o'clock in the evening, and saw a person go into the shop—it was the prisoner, I am sure—I watched him, and saw him reach over the counter, and take the till out—I stopped him at the door with it—I took hold of him, and he made his escape—I have not the least doubt of him, and swear positively he is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. No—I was walking with a man, who is not here—he saw all this—I struggled with the prisoner for about two minutes—the prosecutor came in the mean time—he did not attempt to lay hold of him—I was close to the shop, looking in at the window—there was a gas-light in the shop—I swear I distinctly saw his features—it lasted about five minutes altogether—I did not follow him when he got away.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going home, and the policeman came up to me, and asked me to go back to the shop—I walked back with him—I know nothing of it whatever—I had been to order some goods, which I had to take to a lady's house.





GEORGE MUSELL
. There was 10d. in the till besides the silver—a policeman took the prisoner—he is not here.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.

