






1891. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CUNNINGHAM
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     PETER 
                     BRANNON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Pritchard
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. WILLIAM PRITCHARD. I am a proctor of Doctors'-commons
. On the 17th of July, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was walking in the Old Bailey


, and just before I got to the gate of the Sessions'-house I felt the skirt of my coat move - I had a lady on my arm at the time - I put my hand behind me; the patrol immediately accosted me, and asked if I had lost something - I missed my handkerchief, which the patrol produced in about half an hour; I did not see the prisoners.


                  ISAAC 
                  EASLEY
               



            . I am a watchman of Blackfriars-bridge. I was looking through my window in the Old Bailey, and saw Mr. Pritchard with two females come down from Newgate-street; the two prisoners were close behind them, and just by the Debtor's door, Brannon put his hand into Mr. Pritchard's pocket, took the handkerchief out and gave it to Cunningham - I came down stairs, and told the patrol; we went and apprehended both the prisoners; Cunningham had the handkerchief -I took Brannon; he said nothing.


                  JAMES 
                  LABON
               



            . I am a patrol. Easley gave me information, and pointed out Mr. Pritchard; I went and told him he was robbed, and that I would find the thieves, as I had seen the prisoners pass me - I went down to where I thought they resided, and met them coming from Black Bear-alley, Seacoal-lane, towards Field-lane; Brannon had the handkerchief in his hand, and was just giving it to Cunningham: some palls in the street hallooed out "Go it, here is the patrol" - Cunningham started off; I pursued, saw him take the handkerchief out of his pocket, and throw it into a stable; I got it from there.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Cunningham's Defence. I had nothing to do with it; I was merely walking along.
CUNNINGHAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
BRANNON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.





               Transported for Life
            .
