



1877. 




MARY ANN PALMER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of June, 1 half-sovereign, 2 half-crowns, 5 shillings, 2 sixpences, and 2 pence, the monies of 




Thomas Upton, from his person.






THOMAS UPTON
. I am a house painter. Last Monday morning, about three o'clock, I was somewhere about Marylebone-lane, but I do not know the street—I was coming home from seeing some friends, and was not the worse for liquor—I called in at a public-house to have a glass of

beer—the prisoner was there, and a drunken man, a painter, who knew me—he tried to introduce me to the prisoner, and pulled me about—I left as soon as I could—she followed me, and took hold of my arm—she walked on the same way with me—I know my money was then right in my pocket—at the moment she was leaving me I missed my money—I grasped her hand, and some money fell on the stones—I took out my money, and found it was deficient in bulk, and saw there was a half-sovereign gone, which I had had in my pocket—I accused her of having it—she denied it, and gave me a half-crown—I said that was not all—she then gave me a shilling—I called the policeman, and gave her in charge—she denied before the policeman that she had any gold about her, but at the station-house it was found on her—I had lost 1l. 11s. 2d.





THOMAS GASSON
 (police-constable E 123.) I took the prisoner—the prosecutor accused her of stealing some money—after we had gone a few steps, he said he had been robbed of a half-sovereign and some silver—the prisoner said nearly a dozen times that she had not got any gold about her, but she had got a quantity of silver, which had been given her during the night—when I got to the station-house I said she must be searched, and she said she would give me up all the money she had—she pulled from her bosom two half-crowns, a half-sovereign, five shillings, and one sixpence.





SOPHIA NOBLE
. I searched the prisoner, and found 3s. 6d. more in her bosom.

Prisoner. He asked me to go out with him, and gave me the 3s. 6d.





THOMAS UPTON

re-examined. I did not give her any.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.
