





2040. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CHANDLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of October
, 1 half-sovereign, 2 half-crowns, and 2 sixpences, the monies of 
                     
                        Francis 
                        Foy
                     




                  , from his person
            .
FRANCIS FOY. I live in King's-court, Pimlico, and am a labourer
. On the 16th of October I saw the prisoner in York-street, Westminster; I went with her to her own room, in Orchard-street


 - I had a half-sovereign, two half-crowns, and two sixpences, in my waistcoat pocket; I gave her sixpence - when I had been about ten minutes in the house I missed my money, and demanded it; she denied having it - I insisted upon having it; she said, "So help me God, I have not had it" - I opened the window, and called the officer; he found it in a concealed pocket, under her stays.


                  JOHN 
                  MANN
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I was called to a house in Perkin's-rents, Orchard-street; the prosecutor gave the prisoner in charge for robbing him - I askedwhat money he had lost; he said a nan-sovereign, two half-crowns, and two sixpences; I found it in a concealed pocket in her stays - she said before I searched her that she had only two sixpences about her, which she had received from the prosecutor, and no other money.
Prisoner. He gave me two sixpences, and I asked him to give me some halfpence - he gave me two penny pieces, as I thought; when the officer asked me I took it out, and it was two half-crowns, and there was a half-sovereign between them - I had no light; he was not sober - there was another girl with me, but she is not here.
FRANCIS FOY. I was sober; a parcel of girls broke the door open, and I put them out again; I gave the prisoner only one sixpence; my money was all in one pocket there was a candle in the room.
JOHN MANN. The prosecutor was sober; there was no light when I went in.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
