



240. 




THOMAS JUBB
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of December 1 coat, value 6s., the goods of 



David Jameson; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






DAVID JAMESON
. I live in York-street, and am a clothes-salesman. On the 2nd of December I saw this coat about eleven o'clock, and was asked the price of it—about a quarter after twelve o'clock it was taken from the shop by some one—I was told something, in consequence of which I ran after the prisoner—he ran one way, I turned back and met him in a different way buttoning the coat on—I collared him—he endeavoured to take if off—I got him as far as a neighbour's house, about fifteen yards from my own, and got them to render me assistance, as he was likely to get the better of me, as I was in a flurry—this is the great coat—he said, "What do you mean by collaring me?"—I said, "You vagabond, that is mine"—I took him to the neighbour's house, and then we got the coat off him—as I was taking him to the station-house the policeman met us.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not say, "If this is yours, I will give it you; let me go back to the person that gave it me?"—A. No.





MALCOLM M'CARTHY
 (police-constable B 156.) I took the prisoner—he said nothing till he was going into the office—he then said to a boy, "It is all up with me—the coat was nailed on my back—I am sure to go."

Prisoner. That man has threatened that he would transport me many a time—that same morning he saw me, and said, "Young fellow, I suppose you are going out, I will have you before the day it out, Witness. No, I did not meet him that morning.

Prisoner. I went down Gardener-lane, a young man said, "Where are you going, will you sell this for me?"—I said, "What do you want?"—he said 4s., and I had but 3s. 6d., which I gave him—I put it on, and was going close by this prosecutor's—do you think I should have gone with it close to his house if I had stolen it?





DAVID JAMESON
. A person told me he had turned to the left, and I went that way and did not see him—I turned back, and went to the right, and met him coming up a turning, and he had got it on, buttoning it up.

Prisoner. Q. Have you got the person who saw me steal the coat? A. No—he was a total stranger to me—I found it on you within five minutes after I missed it.






JOHN CLARIDGE
, (police-sergeant P 13.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction of felony, from the clerk of the Peace it Westminster—(read)—I know he is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
