




1902. 




GEORGE VALENTINE
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
18th of May, 2 1/2 tons weight of stones, value 2l. 10s., the goods of the 

trustees of the Middlesex and Essex Turnpike roads: and 





PATRICK LEE



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. DOWLING
conducted the Prosecution.






DANIEL DANCE
. I am foreman to Mr. Farey, the surveyor to the trustees of the Essex and Middlesex turnpike roads—they have stones in their yard, near Stratford Dock—on the 17th of May I observed something about the lock of the gate which induced me to sit up that night—about half-past three o'clock I saw Valentine watering his horses, and about five minutes past five o'clock I saw him drive his horses and cart and a load of stones out of the yard—he came over Bow-bridge, and turned down the by-way towards Old Ford and Bethnal-green—I got the assistance of the policeman, and we watched the cart till it came to Bethnal-green-road, near the Salmon and Ball, when Valentine left his horses, and was away about ten minutes—he then came back again, and put the bag on his horses, and stood by his horses for an hour and a half—he then shot the stones down by the side of the road, where there

was some paving going on—nothing had been said to him about the stones in my presence—I then saw the prisoner Lee, he was about fifteen yards from the stones—I went up, and asked him who owned those stones just shot from that cart—he said he did, they were his—I then gave him into custody—I went with Lee, and another officer went with Valentine—I asked Lee whether he was not in the dock at Stratford, on Friday night (the night before)—he said he did not know where it was—he at first said the stones were his, and then he said he knew nothing about them—before he left the place he pointed to the stones, and said to the man, "Go on with your work with these stones."

COURT. Q. How long was it between the time of Lee coming up and the stones being shot? A. Not two minutes.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where were you standing when you saw the cart go out of the yard? A. About one hundred yards from the yard gate in the road—I could not see what was done inside the yard—I saw no one but Valentine—I do not expect he saw me—I have no authority to sell stones—I never sold any—I do not know of any bricklayers being about the place—I know the Fountain public-house and the Plough—I have been in them—the house I rent has no back garden, only a small bit in front, not worth calling a garden—one man might have loaded the stones into that cart in a quarter of an hour if he liked—I went into the yard and round it about two o'clock, and all was right—I then went where I thought I could see them.

Cross-examined by
MR. JERNINGHAM. Q. Where did you first see Lee? A. About fifteen yards from where the stones were shot—there was some paving going on—I did not notice any other stones—I looked at the stones that were shot—when I went up to Lee I asked him who owned the stones that were shot from that cart.





JOHN BARKER
 (police-constable K 288.) I was called by Dance to go in pursuit of this cart—it turned towards Old Ford—I took a short road, and ran on to Clay-hall—I listened and heard the noise of a cart—I saw the cart loaded with stones, and three grey horses in it, and Valentine was driving it—I followed on for half a mile or more—Valentine said, "Good morning"—I passed on a-head of the cart, and fell in with Brown—I told him I should want his assistance—I went on with him to where the stones were shot, nearly opposite the Salmon and Bull—when the stones were shot I asked Valentine who authorized him to pitch those stones—he pointed to Lee, and said, "That man, my master"—I saw Lee, and in consequence of the pointing I went add asked him if those stones were his—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Did you authorise that man to shoot them?"—he said, "Yes"—Dance then said, "I shall give him into custody"—Lee came on to where the stones were, and said to one of his men, "Go on with your work with these stones"—there were no other stones there but two or three which were lying loose—I then took Lee, and as we were going he said, "I know nothing of the stones, if they were pitched it was unknown to me."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where did you first see the cart? A. About a quarter of a mile from the dock—I am sure Valentine pointed to Lee.





JAMES BROWN
 (police-constable K 48.) I was called by Barker about five o'clock, and followed the cart—what he has stated is correct.





JOHN PARROTT
. I am a labourer in the service of Mr. Farey—I was employed in breaking stones—on Friday night, the 17th of May, I saw Lee come and look round the yard between six and seven o'clock in the evening—he then went to the stable door, and Valentine and another horse-keeper

came out to him—they went and had something to drink—they then went to the yard again, and Lee went to the bridge.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How near were you to them? A. I was near, but I could not hear what they said.

Cross-examined by
MR. JERNINGHAM. Q. Had you seen Lee before? A. Never, to my knowledge—I noticed him because we had lost stones, and we had a sharp look-out.





JOHN CLAY

examined by
MR. JERNINGHAM. I am assistant-surveyor of the highway in Bethnal-green—I have known Lee since he had our contract—when he had the contract we did not think we should want any fresh stones, but on the 14th he said there was a load of stones dropped there by mistake, would we have them, we should have them at the same price that we had had some—I could have no objection—on the Thursday he came to me again, and said he had bought some, and received 3l. of me—he went on with the work to our satisfaction—I looked at the place, there were nothing like stones enough to finish the job without these—we were obliged to have others after these were, taken away.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you know Valentine? A. No—I believe he was carting ballast, but I never saw him with stones.





SAMUEL FAREY
. I am surveyor to the trustees of the Essex and Middlesex turnpike roads—I gave no authority to any one to take away these stones from this dock—they were worth from 2l. 10s. to 3l.





DANIEL DANCE

re-examined. Valentine did lodge over Bow bridge—the horses and cart belonged to Mr. Nicholls, who contracts for the work on the road—he had carted stones to there and from there before—the carmen usually come at six o'clock in the morning.
(Edward Hayes, Peter Aimer, of Church-street, Mile-end; John Ryan, of Lamb's-buildings, gave Lee a good character.)

VALENTINE—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—



Confined One Year.

LEE—


GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Seven Years.
