



503. 




WILLIAM GODFREY
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Tingay, at 
St. Anne, on the 
27th of December, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 1l.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 16s.; 1 waistcoat, value 8s.; and 1 cloak, value 3s.; his goods.






WILLIAM TINGAY
. I live in Henry-street, in the parish of St. Anne, Middlesex. Nobody but my wife and myself live in the house—on Thursday, the 27th of December, I went out at eleven o'clock, leaving my wife at home—I returned between half-past six and seven o'clock—my wife was with me then—I found my back gate open, and the back-door on the jar—my wife missed some things—the prisoner was brought to me next day—I have known him twelve or fourteen yean—I do not know where he lives—I asked him for my tickets, meaning the duplicates of my articles—he said, "What tickets?"—I said, "It is no use, I want my tickets, and if you don't give them to me, I will give you in charge," which I did.





ELIZABETH TINGAY
. I am the prosecutor's wife—he went out before me—I went out about half-past four o'clock—I left nobody in the house—I bolted the top bolt of the back-door, locked the street-door, as I came out, and put the key into my pocket—I had seen the prisoner between one and two o'clock that day, (before I left the house to go to my husband,) in the Freemasons' Arms, near my house—he called me on one tide there, and asked me to lend him 3d.—I told him I had not got it—my husband was coming out of the beer-shop opposite at the time, and a young man said, "Here comes Bill"—the prisoner put up the curtain, and saw my husband go across the wooden-bridge-field, towards the Ben Jonson—I then went home, secured my house, and went to my husband—I returned with him, and found the back-door a-jar, and broken open—the windows had been all safe, and the street-door locked—the latch of the back-door was bent, and the top bolt was open—it must have been slipped back with something—I found my box, which had been under the head of the bed, at the foot of the bed—I missed from it a coat, waistcoat, and trowsers—the cloak was on the bed.





THOMAS SOANES
. I am shopman to Mr. Upsall, a pawnbroker, in Rat-cliff-highway. I have a coat, waistcoat, and trowsers, which I took in pawn of the prisoner, on Thursday, the 27th of December, between six and

seven o'clock in the evening, for 12s., in the name of John Anderson—I did not know him before, but am sure he is the man.

Prisoner. At the Thames Police-office there was another young man of my colour, and he went and called the policeman out, to know if that was the man—so long as it was a man of colour it would do for him. Witness. There was a dark man in the passage, and it being dark, I could not distinguish the scars of the prisoner which I know him by—he has two or three scars—I saw him more than once—he applied next morning for an affidavit, having lost the duplicate.
(Property produced and sworn to.)





ROBERT GEE
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner on Friday, the 28th of December, and told him the charge—he said he would go with me willingly, he should get through this as he had done before—I searched him, but found nothing.




GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

