



756. 




GEORGE COTTLE



 was indiceted for stealing, on the 
15th of February, at 
St. Mary-le-bone, tea-pot, value 5l.; tea-pot stand, value 2l. 10s.; 1 pepper-box, value 1l. 5s.; 1 cruet-stand, value 6l.; 1 mustard-pot, value 2l. 10s.; 1 toast-rack, value 2l. 10s.; 1 cream-jug, value 30s.; 4 salt-cellars, value 3l.; 36 spoons, value 12l.; 3 ladles, value 3l.; 24 forks, value 11l.,; 9 knives, value 2l., and 2 pairs of nut crackers, value 5s. the goods of 



Anne Hodson his mistress, in her dwelling-house.






MISS ANN ELIZA HODSON
 I am the daughter of Anne Hodson—she is a widow, and lives at No. 18. Wimpole-street—the prisoner was our footman—he came on the 29th of January—we had no other male servant—there are two female servant—on the 15 the of February, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning I gave the prisoner orders to clean the plate in order that I might put the greater part of it away and said I wished it to be done before it was dark and I think I said before two o'clock he had the care of it, but it was brought up stairs every night—We

dined at two o'clock that day, and the plate had not come up—I saw it in the dinner-room and told him I was surprised he had not brought it up—I had told him of it between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, and at ten o'clock—I mentioned it to him again at tea-time, at servant o'clock and said I was extremely surprised I had had to repeat the order so often—he made no answer—I desired him to bring it up immediately; I was going to put it in the plate-chest—I did not see him any more until I heard the plate was gone—that was about five minutes to eight o'clock the same evening—I heard it through one of the servant-maids, who is here—I saw the prisoner again after hearing this—I passed him on the stairs, as I went down, and asked him whether the silver tea-pot and eream-jug were gone not supposing there had been time for them to go as it was not more than thirty-five minutes after he had taken the tea-things away—he said it was all gone—he asked me if he should go to call the police—(I did not suspect him at all at that time)—I told him to go to the station house—he went out and returned in about two minutes saying there was no policeman there—the station-house is near my mother's in Marylebone-street—I inquired how it was—he said he had found a door leading to the back of the house open—the street-door was shut when I went down—the back-door opens into the yard—there is no outlet from that yard—he said he found that door open, and somebody must have come in that way, and taken the place—I went to look if it was open but it was quite safe, as I had seen it at half-past five o'clock that evening—it was bolted and shut up, and a tell on the window—it is a window-door a double door—I told him I found it as I had seen it at half-past five o'clock—he then was in such a dreadful state of agitation he could scarcely speak at all—but he said it was open—he persisted in that—he said he had found the area-gate open, and a closet under the stairs open—we never had the area-gate open—the key of it was always kept in the sideboard-drawer—that drawer was always kept locked and we kept the key ourselves—the gales was found locked; all the plate was gone—it was kept in a basket, and brought up every night—the basket was also gone—the place consisted of the articles stated in the indictment (enumerating them)—every evening there are two tea-spoons left out, in order to bring up on the tray at eleven o'clock at night with water but they were also gone—I asked the prisoner where the tea-leaves were—he said they were thrown into a sink in the panty—I and another person looked to see if there were any, but there were none—they could not have passed through the hole of the sink.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Has any of the plate been found? A. Not any—we had three servants, including himself—he was not away two minutes when he went for a policemen—he remained in the house till half-past ten o'clock—he was then taken to the station-house—the policeman never left the house—a policeman came in less than five minutes after the prisoner returned—nobody accompanied him when he went—I believe there is nothing remarkable in the lock of the area—the prisoner came into our service in January from Mr. Gosett, who I believe is a surgeon in George-street.





ELEANOR PEART
. I am cook to Mrs. Hodson On the evening in question, about half pasty seven o'clock the prisoner was sitting in the kitchen with me—there was nobody else there—he said he would have pint of beer and half a quartern of gin for his supper as he did not feel well—as he was very poorly—he said it was a usual thing for a new servant, when they were situations to stand treat—he wanted me to treat him—he

said he would be a quartern of gin to my quartern, and he said, "Do you like gin or rum best?"—I said gin would do—he went up stairs to go out for the gin—he ran down stairs immediately, and said he had found the street door open—he took the candle off the kitchen dresser, and before he had hardly time to see if the plate was gone or not, he went into the pantry with the candle, and called to me to go up-stairs, and to ask the housemaid whether she had taken the plate up-stairs or not—I went up, and she said "No"—a short time before that, I heard a bustling in the passage, which I supposed to be the prisoner, as he was not in the kitchen—it was before the tray's going up after the tea-things had gone up, but before they came down to be washed—it was in the course of the evening.

Cross-examined. Q. you did not see yourself what the bustle was created by in the passage? A. It was a whistle—I did do not know his whistle from another—I never heard him whistle—I did not go into the passage to see who it was—I had been in the house all the evening from a quarter before six—he had nothing with him when he came out of the pantry—I went up stairs immediately—I was away about five minutes, going up to the housemaid, and making it known to her—I did not go into the pantry to see if the plate was gone at the time—there is a passage between the pantry and the kitchen—the prisoner had not been out in the course of the night—the gin and beer was not brought—he had been in the house the whole evening.





THOMAS HARRIS
. I am errand boy to my uncle, Charles Nixon, a brush-maker in Great Marylebone-street. On the evening in question I took a mop and dusting-brush to Mrs. Hodson's, about a quarter past seven o'clock—it was then dark—I rang the bell at the street door—before it was opened, I saw a man come up towards the door—he walked backwards and forwards two or three times—there are about four or five steps up to the door—the man stopped by the area gate of the next door—it is a false area gate—I delivered the mop and brush to the prisoner and left—I saw him make a sign to the man, and he said, "You may come now," and the man walked up the steps—as I came down the steps I met him coming up.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you remain any time there? A. No—the prisoner had nothing with him at the time—the door was open where he stood at it—not ajar—I did not look into the hall—I did not notice whether there was a lamp in the hall.





ELEANOR PEART

re-examined. There was a lamp in the hall—a person at the door could look in.





KINGSTON MARK
 (police-constable D81.) I went to Mrs. Hodson's house in consequence of being sent for—I saw the prisoner there—he was agitated—I asked him how he accounted for the loss of the plate—he did not answer readily—he said the area door had been open—I did not find it open—he said he found the closet door open in the passage, in which he thought a person might have been concealed—I examined that closet—there were very large hamper baskets in it, which filled up the whole space—no person could have been there, in my judgment—the house is in the parish of St. Marylebone said that when he was going up for the beer or gin he found the front door open.

Cross-examined. Q. About what size is the closet? A. I should say, perhaps, two or there feet wide—it is narrow, and about six or eight feet long—they were very large hampers, and were empty—they would contain six or eight dozen of wine.

Q. Would there be any difficulty in a man conecaling himself in a

hamper which would hold six or eight dozen of wine? A. No—the outside one stood by itself—I did not search the prisoner's boxes—I went away, leaving another policeman behind me.





RICHARD BRADSHAW
. I am a policeman. I went to the prosecutair's house, and saw the prisoner—I told him he must consider himself my prisoner, and go with me to the station-house—he said, "Very well"—when we got to the hall door, he said, "what do you take me into custody for?"—I said, "on suspicion of stealing the plate;" and in the street he said, "why don't you take the women as well as me, they are as much in it as I am?"—I said, "The suspicion is stronger against you"—I took him to the station-house, and while I was searching him, he said, "Why do you search me so strictly?" I said it was usual, when persons were charged with felony, to search them very strictly—he said, "you don't thing you will find the plate do you?"—next morning, as I was conveying him from the station-house to the police office, he asked me if I had found any thing on the girls, or whether they would be up at the office—I said when he got there he would see—I examined the closet that has been spoken of—a man could not be concealed there without getting into a basket—it was full of empty baskets—I examined the street door, and found there was an iron plate over the key-hole, so that it cannot be opened from outside—I also examined down stairs, where the pantry, and kitchen, and other doors are and they are in such a cluster no person cold tell the pantry door from the other doors.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you examine the area gate? A. No, I did not—I cannot tell whether it had a plate over it or not—I found 8s. 6d. in silver, and a silver watch and appendages, on the prisoner—I was present when his box was searched—I found nothing suspicious there.

COURT. Q. Are there more than one or two doors below by the kitchen? A. There are four doors altogether—a stranger could not tell which place the doors entered into, if they were shut—the stairs are not near the kitchen door—the bed-room, pantry, kitchen, and places, are all in a kind of square.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. A person might come down softly without being heard in the kitshen? A. Yes—the doors are not too near to prevent their opening—I do not think a person could see what was inside without a light—there is a window separating the pantry from the kitchen—there in a passage or hall at the bottom of the kitchen-stairs—the pantry is in that passage—the prisoner has a bed-room besides in the passage—I found the pantry door open.





ELEANOR PEART

re-examined. I did not see the plate after it went up at tea—I never had any thing to do with it.

Prisoner. Q. The forks and spoons did not go up at tea? A. No.





MAGARET HUGHES
. I am the prosecutrix's housemaid. I had been out that afternoon from five till a quarter after seven o'clock—I had come home before any inquiry was made about the plate—Peart came up to me to inquire if I knew any thing of it—I had gone to my mistress's room after returning, as I had been out on her business—the prisoner had let me in, and I followed him down stairs—the mop was brought after I came home—I saw it in the kitchen—I shut the door myself when the prisoner let me in—I am sure I shut it.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not the area door occasionally left open for the ends to come in? A. Not the area gate—we have not had coals it for a length of time—there is a hole to let them down—the gate is

opened for the men to came down, but it has not been opened for several months.





ELEANOR PEART
. re-examined. I remember the mop and brush being brought—they were placed on the kitchen-table—the footman brought them down—it was his business to do so.

Prisoner's Defence Two nutcrackers mentioned were found on the dessert dishes.
(George warren, a flour-factor, Kent-road; and john Johns, of Holiday-yard, Creed-lane; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 33—


Transported for life.

Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
