





2060. 




ANN MURRELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of March, at S
t. Pancras, 5 table cloths, value 2l. 10s.; 1 muff, value 1l. 5s.; 1 watch, value 1l. 10s.; 4 shirts, value 1l. 10s.; 1 tea caddy, value 6s.; 9 yards printed cotton, value 11s.; 2 gowns, value 7s.; 7 knives, Value 4s.; 7 forks, value 3s.; 1 tea pot, value 4s.; 2 cups, value 6d.; 2 saucers, value 6d.; 4 1/2 yards of ribbon, value 4s.; 12 yards of lace, value 4s.; 1 bunch of artificial flowers, value 1s. 6d.; 2 printed books, value 1s.; and 1 spoon, value 4s., the goods of 



James Kennedy, her master, in his dwelling-house; and 




CATHARINE MURPHY



 for feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen.—2nd COUNT, for receiving them of a certain evil-disposed person.





MILICENT KENNEDY
. I am the wife of James Kennedy, who is at New York. The prisoner Murrell came into my service as cook on the 15th or 16th of March, and left on the morning of the 27th, between one and seven o'clock, without notice—she had said once in the course of the week that she should not stay—I missed the articles stated in the indictment—I have since seen some of them in the hands of Nash, a pawnbroker—I have seen the gown, 2 caps, and some other things produced by Redford—the value of all I lost is upwards of 7l.—I am quite sore it exceeded 5l.





JOSEPH PARKER
. I am a pawnbroker, and live at Lambeth Marsh—I produce some cotton, a petticoat, and apron, which was pawned on the 29th of June for 5s., in the name of Mary Buckley—I have seen the prisoner Murphy, but do not know who pawned the articles.





HENRY NASH
. I am in the employ of Mr. Masland, a pawnbroker in Westminster-road—I produce a tea-pot, some knives and forks, a tea-caddy and some books—the tea-pot and caddy were pawned for 3s. 6d. in the name of Murray, and the knives and forks for 2s. 6d. in the name of Murrell—I have seen Murphy, but I cannot say who pawned them.





THOMAS WILLIAM REDFORD
 (police-constable L 52.) I apprehended the prisoners together in Blackfriars-road, on the 19th of August, and took them to the station-house—I asked them if Murrell had lived with a lady named Kennedy, in Bernard-street, Russell-square?—she said she never lived there, and did not know such a lady—I asked the other prisoner if she knew that her daughter lived there—she said she was her daughter, but never knew of her living there—I went to a lodging in a court leading from Broad wall, and found two cups, a saucer, and other duplicates relating to the books produced by Nash—I knew Murrell lived at that lodging—I found some duplicates on Murphy relating to the tea-pot and other things produced by Nash—here is a duplicate of a petticoat, and apron, and two gowns—I obtained the gown from a pawnbroker—I produce the duplicates—I asked Murphy how she got the tea-pot and caddy which the duplicate related to, and she said she had had them a long time.

Murphy. I said I had had the duplicate a long time.

Witness. She said the articles were her own, and she had had them some time, and said she had pawned them—I found several duplicates on Murphy, but none on Murrell.

MRS. KENNEDY
re-examined. My house is in the parish of St. Pancras—I rent the whole house—I have not calculated the value of the articles produced—I have not found the most valuable part—those found are not worth 2l.





JOSEPH PARKER

re-examined. Here is one duplicate belonging to me—it is for the cotton and petticoat pawned for 5s.—that is all that belongs to me.





HENRY NASH

re-examined. Here are three duplicates in my writing, which amount to 14s. 6d.—I know the prisoner Murphy, but not Murrell.

MRS. KENNEDY. I never saw Murphy at my house—a woman called

on Murrell one Saturday night, but I don't know who she was—I had forbidden Murrell having any followers.

Murrell's Defence. I assure you, my Lord, I had not taken the things—I had told Mrs. Kennedy on Saturday night that I should leave her house, as it was a very different place to what I was accustomed, and she gave me 5s.—my fellow-servant was well aware I was going.

Murphy's Defence. I know nothing about it—the duplicates were given to me by a woman who lodged with me, of the name of Mary Murray—she sells hearth-stones—Mrs. Kennedy has sworn to the articles which are not hers.

MRS. KENNEDY
re-examined. I never gave Murrell 5s., and was not aware of her going—I positively swear to this tea caddy.

Murphy. You have sworn to a dress which is too small for you. Witness. Yes; it would not fit me in the state it is now; it has been altered—I have the fellow to it, which belongs to my daughter—I have things to match the other articles, the knives, and forks, and things.

MURPHY—



GUILTY on the Second Count. Aged 44. 


Transported for Fourteen Years.

MURRELL—


NOT GUILTY
.
