




210. 




GEORGE ERNEST GRENVILLE
 and 




EDWARD HOGAN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
6th of December, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 



Thomas Charles Burt, from his person.


THOMAS CHARLES BURT. I live in Mecklenburg-street. On Sunday, the 6th of December, I was in Fleet-street, going towards St. Dunstan's church, somebody gave me information—I felt my pocket, and missed my hand-kerchief, which was then produced to me—this is it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Is there any mark on it? A. Yes, my name at full length.





CHARLES THORPE
. I am a patrol. I observed the two prisoner following this gentleman up Fleet-street—I watched them. and observed Grenville take the handkerchief out of the gentleman's pocket, and walk back to the end of Shop-land, and give it into the hand of Hogan, who looked at it under a gas lamp—I crossed over, and Hogan, ran up shoe lane, down Harp-alley—I cried, "Stop thief," and he was stopped by Hodson, a policeman, who brought him to the watch-house, and took the handkerchief out of his left hand coat pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. On which side of the way did this happen? A. On the same side as St. Dunstan's church—I was on the same side as Salisbury-court—It was a dull night—It was little foggy—there were about a dozen people on the same side of the way, going along—there were the two prisoners, and only one or two more persons near Mr. Burt, passing by—I sent my brother patrol to tell the gentleman—I was waitting for the gentleman to come back, so I did not take Greenville directly—I took him as soon as I could—It was not two minutes—I told my brother officer to take him, and I followed the other—Grenvile was taken first, up a door, very often—I am morning and evening patrol—I had seen them before, very often—I have been two years on that beat.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far were you from them? A. On a level with them—I followed them, from Mr. Waithman to Salisbury-court—I saw them touch the gentleman's pocket, as soon as they crossed the end of Shop-lane—my brother offcier was with me, but he is not here.





TIMOTHY FISHER HODSON
. I am a police-constable. I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw Hogan running—I stopped him, and took him to the station-house—I found the handkerchief in his left-hand coat pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long was it before you saw Grenville at the station-house? A. In about three minutes—It was rather foggy—I could see right across Farringdom-street, which is wider than Fleet-street.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Have you had that handkerchief ever since? A. Yes—It has been at Guidhall, sealed up.

Grenville's Defence. I was stopped by a lot of people at the bottom of Shoe-lane. I do not know this prisoner.


Hogan's Defence. I saw this handkerchief on the ground, and took it up. I was walking down the street, and the officer took me.

GRENILLE—


GUILTY
.† Aged 19.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

HOGAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
