



1653. 




CHARLES RUTLAND
 was indicted

 for staling, on the 
29th of May, 2 shillings the monies of 



William Blencowe, his master.


MR. DOANE
Conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM BLENCOWE
. I am a baker, and live in Hatton-wall. The prisoner came into my service about two years and three quarters ago—he was to go and serve the customers and recive money—I have latterly missed money the till—in cinseqence of that, on the 27th of May, Duke marked seven shilling, five sixpences, and 5s. 6d. in copper I put it into the till—on Sunday night, the 28th—Monday morning missed two shilling—the prisoner made up his account of the ✗ taken out about five o'clock on Monday evening—the money reived was 13s. 10d. and he paid meone of these market shillings—on the evening of the 29th I saw Duke again—I had set up serval night to watch—on the 15th of June my life and I retirned to rest a few minutes after twelve o'clock—the prisoner and a youth were in the backehouse—I went up to lie down, about ten minutes past twelve o'clock my wife roused as, and said something—I went down the stairs to the shop—over the star case deoor are two squate of glass—I looked down into the shop, and saw✗ the prisoner standing before the counter, and the candle before him—he hads his hand on one of the till and the other on the counter—I stopod a minute or so, to see whether he sould take any money—but he seemed to be discovered, and he made an attempt to put the till in its place—I spring uypon him, and siad, "You villis, I have caught you at your tricks at last; you been carrying this on to pretty extent"—he said, "No, I have not, I never through of it till, about month ago"—this was about ten minutes or a quarter past one o'clock—I had left the till locked safe, and had they key in my possesion—)I found the holt of the lock shut—I said, "You villlain, where did you get the key?"—he said, "?I have as key"—I said, "How did you get this open?—he said, "I forced it from the counter with this rasp—he begged I wood not expose him, as if I did it would ruin him and he would give me every thing he was possessted of it I would not—I gave 11s. a week first and increased it to 12s., and in a short time, then I gave him 16s. a week, for abaout twelve months—I found him in bread and lodging—but the last six months he had 18s. week—I saw his box searched and founded 23l. 10s. in gold, one marked shilling and a half-crown.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKINS. Q. Where is the mark? A. This is it, it was made by the point of a pen-knife by Duke—I had a lodger of the name of Bell—on the 15th ofm June I asked the prisoner to let him it—I had had marked money in the till for some time.






ROBERT DUKE
. I am an offier of Hatton-farden. I marked some money in the presence of the proseutor—this is one of the shilling I marked—I have no doubt of it.





THOMAS EVERETT
. Police-cobstale G 176.) On the 15th of June, I was called, and took the prisoner—I said it was for committing a robbery—he did not say any thing at the time; but when I was briaging him uyp the said it was a clear but that they could not do de any thinjg with him, as there was nothing found upon him—I looked into hox, and found twenty soverigns, seven half-soverigns, one half-corwn and one shilling four books a warch ring, and pin, and two suits of clothes.

COURT. to
WILLIAM BLENCOWE. Q. What time on Monday morning did you go to the till? A. As near eight o'clock as possible—I had taken the key up to bedroom.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Who served in the morning? A. My daughter—the is not here, but I left change for her, beisde what was in the till.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
