



395. 




WILLIAM FRANKLIN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of December, 2 handkerchiefs, value 3s., the goods of 




Thomas Denton, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






THOMAS DENTON
. I am a private in the 2nd Battalion of the Coldstream Guards. On the 28th of December I met the prisoner in the street, and asked him my way—I had two handkerchiefs, and I put them into my pocket—we went on to Albany-street—he there bid me good night—he then put his hand into my pocket and took the handkerchief from me—I got the silk one from him—he got from me and ran—I called to the policeman to stop him—I ran and caught him by the hand—these are my two handkerchiefs—(looking at them.)

Prisoner. I am a watch-case maker by trade—where did I take them from you? Witness. In Albany-street—I did not charge you with stealing both, because I had got one in my hand when I told the Magistrate of it, and he put them both down.





JACOB HOWELL
 (police-constable S 46.) I came up, the soldier had hold of the prisoner, and charged him with stealing the handkerchiefs out of his pocket—he had got one handkerchief in his Land—the prisoner did not say any thing till he got to the station, and then he called the prosecutor a false man.

Prisoner. Last Thursday night, I was going to Paddington, and heard a disturbance on the opposite side—I saw this soldier stripped and fighting—he said he would fight the best man on the ground—there was another soldier tried to persuade him to go home—he then went away, and this man got his clothes on by the persuasion of the policeman—he asked me the nearest way to the barracks—he was intoxicated.





THOMAS DENTON

re-examined. I was going to fight a person who called me a b—lobster—I was sober.

Prisoner. The officer had to hold him at the station that he should not knock the things over—he stood against the railing, and I was wishing him good night, and he took the two handkerchiefs out and dropped one of them—I took it up and gave it him. Witness. No, he did not, he took.

Prisoner. He wanted me to go and have something to drink—I said I would not, and then he made a kick at me, and I said I would call the policeman—he said, "B—the policeman, dead or alive"—then he called the policeman himself, and the policeman had to hold him up——the next morning he was put on his oath, and he swore it was half-past twelve o'clock, and the policeman said it was half-past ten o'clock—then the Magistrate said, "Which pocket was it in?"—he said, "This," and he took out another handkerchief—then the Magistrate said, "Did he take two?"—he said, "Yes"—then says he, "You must give the officer the other"—if I had wanted to have robbed him, I could have taken his money.






JAMES HOWELL

re-examined. The soldie had been drinking, but was not drunk.





RICHARD BRADSHAW
 (police-constable D 102.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clartk's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
