







2021. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GOWLING
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .
MR. ALLEY. conducted the prosecution.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a carpenter. On the 25th of August I went to the prosecutor's shop, and bought 56lbs. of white lead, for which I paid the prisoner 8s., and got this receipt at the time.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Had you seen the prisoner before? A. No, nor afterwards, till he was in charge - he resembled the person very much, but he was not in the same dress; I think I can swear he is the person - there were other persons in the shop - it is a place of a good deal of business.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOYER
               



            . I live in White-street, Poplar, and am a brass-founder. On the 15th of September I bought some colours at the prosecutor's, and paid 13s. 4d. to the prisoner - I have his receipt for it, in his writing.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you remember the person? -A. Yes, perfectly well; there were other persons there.
GEORGE WHITEFHEAD. I am a journeyman baker. I paid 9s. 2d. to the prisoner on the 16th of September, for some articles - here is the bill and receipt.


                     THOMAS 
                     HUBBOCK
                  



               
            . JUN. I am in partnership with my father - his name is Thomas; we are oil and colourmen

. The prisoner was in our employ from the middle of June; he was to keep a book and make entries of every thing he served out - he was to enter it as he served it, and bring the in an account every night, and hand over the bulk of the money; and he had a small balance down, to give change in the morning; On the 25th of August here is no entry of the name of Brown, 8s., nor of the other two amounts - he was not to account to any body but me; these receipts are his writing.


                     THOMAS 
                     HUBBOCK
                  



               
            , SEN. The prisoner never paid me any of these sums.
Cross-examined. Q. How many persons have you in your employ? A. Six besides the prisoner, but the others do not sell goods - they only make them up and get them ready, under his orders; our business is more particularly retail - we have a counter: the till is formed of the prisoner's desk - he puts the money into it; no one sells goods but the prisoner while he is there - when he is not, one of the men do, and give him an account; some trifling entries may possibly have been omitted, but that is provided for by his putting down sundries, if he has more money than is accounted for - on the day after the 25th of August, he appears by the book to have received 12s. 1d.; I am not aware he has ever forgotten something on one day and put it down the next - I should have told him to put the date against it, if he had mentioned it to me; people often buy things and pay for them without a receipt - it depends partly on him and partly on the persons who come, whether he gives a receipt or not - he has a family, and his wife has lately been confined.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
2022. THOMAS GOWLING was again 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  WILTON
               



            . I am a plumber, painter, and glazier. I bought 10lbs. of green paint, and two gallons of oil of the prisoner, on the 13th of September, and paid him 18s. 11d., on the 18th of September I bought some white lead, and paid 13s. for it.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you have any bills? A. Yes, but we could not find them; I took them to my father, and they were put on the table, but we took no notice of them - I know it was on the 13th of September; I do not know what day of the week it was - I cannot recollect the date of any other transaction; no one put the 13th of September into my head - I know it myself - others have served me, and the prisoner has taken the money.
Re-examined. Q. How soon after did you attend at the Police-office? A. About a fortnight; they were both paid within a month of that time.
THOMAS HUBBOCK. The prisoner was in our employ, and no one was to receive money but him - he had not accounted for either of these sums of money.
Cross-examined. Q. Is this writing in red ink yours? A. Yes; the date is mine - he had omitted the date, and I put it down.



               NOT GUILTY
            .
2023. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  GOWLING
               



             was again 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .


                  HENRY 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . On the 21st of September I paid the prisoner 4s. 6d., for some Prussian blue - he gave me this receipt for it.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Is the 21st of September written on it? A. Yes; I saw the prisoner write the bill, and he gave it me - here is the date written in pencil; I cannot say who wrote that, it was not written when I bought the things - I had been there a good many times before, but not since; I cannot remember any other date I ever was there - I had a reason for remembering this day; I am quite sure I paid the prisoner, and had the goods of him.
Re-examined. Q. Was that the last time, you were there, before you went to the Magistrate? A. Yes, I am sure it was on the 21st of September.


                  GEORGE 
                  IRICH
               



            . I paid 8s. 3d. to the prisoner for three gallons of lamp oil on the 18th of September, and on the 22nd I paid him 6s. 6d., for one gallon of sperm oil.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you been there a good many times before? A. Yes, and I have been there since; I first began to go three or four months back - I had no receipt; there were other persons in the shop - no one served but the prisoner - he had to attend to all the customers.
MR. ALLEY. Q. How soon afterwards did you go before the Magistrate? A. I think on the 24th.
THOMAS HUBBOCK. The prisoner never accounted for these sums; I saw this witness come and have the things; the prisoner was taken two days after.
Cross-examined. Q. Did that attract your attention? A. My attention had been attracted before, and I watchedhim; I went, and spoke to this witness afterwards - I did not speak to the prisoner.
JURY. Q. Was there any money received for sundries on these days? A. No.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
