





1189. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     BARNET
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of May
, 1 pair of bellows, value 1s. 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Plumley
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  PLUMLEY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Plumley
               



            , a millwright
 - we live in Old-street


. On the 13th ofMay we had a pair of bellows taken from our door-post; I had seen them about four minutes before - a lad from the next door but one called and told me of it, and in about three quarters of an hour a person brought the prisoner back with them; I asked why he took them - he said from want of employ and victuals.


                  JAMES 
                  PATTERSON
               



            . On the 13th of May, about eleven o'clock in the morning, I was cleaning a table at my master's door, and saw the prisoner take the bellows from the door, and walk away with them - I could not leave, but I called to the prosecutor; I am sure he is the person - I saw him coming back with the officer, in about three quarters of an hour.


                  JOHN 
                  GRAVES
               



            . On the 13th of May, about eleven o'clock, I was in Whitecross-street - I saw the prisoner with the bellows under his arm, and in a minute or two he turned, and hit the person who had him in custody; I crossed over, and asked what was the matter - the other man said he had taken these bellows from somewhere in Old-street; he dropped the bellows, and I took them up -I took him and them to the prosecutor's shop, which was about three hundred yards from where I took him - he told me he took them for want of bread; I can find no account of him.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
