






1209. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BAXTER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of May
, 1 watch, value 20l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Margaret 
                           Ryley
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .
MR. DAWSON conducted the prosecution.


                  MARGARET 
                  RYLEY
               



            . I am single
. On the 7th of May, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I was walking in Back Church-lane, Whitechapel


, with Mrs. Warren - a man snatched a ribbon from my neck with a gold watch attached to it; I ran after him, and cried Stop thief! I do not know whether there were two men or one, I was so agitated - I ran on to Nottingham-place, where I saw a crowd; I saw one of the prisoners, and said, "You have got my watch," and he instantly gave it to me - to the best of my recollection it was Wilson.


                  JOHN 
                  HONOUR CROUCHER
               



            . On the 7th of May I was walking down Fieldgate-street, Whitechapel - I heard a distinct cry of Stop thief! and on going along the street beyond Nottingham-place, I saw the two prisoners coming down, one on each side of the way - Wilson was coming rathere faster than the other, not running, but with a quick walk, and he had his hand in his pocket; I stopped, thinking he was the person they were calling after, and directly he saw that he bolted off and ran, and the other prisoner after him; I pursued; he was turned back, and came to Nottingham-place again, where some person stopped him - I was immediately upon him; I took him by the collar, and said, "Is there any Policeman?" the lady came up directly, and said, "You have got my watch," and he took it out of his pocket and gave it her; the officer came up, and I gave him in charge - Baxter had not followed him as if to catch him.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. You heard no conversation between the two prisoners? A. No; I do not think there were more than ten prisoners in the street - there had been an alarm, and that induced me to look into the street - they both ran off.


                  JOSEPH 
                  AVES
               



            . I was going down the Commercial-road, on the 7th of May, on an errand for my master; I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw Baxter hand a watch, like a gold one, to Wilson - they then went off, and I did not see them again till they got to Nottingham-place - I called out for the Policeman, and so did Mr. Croucher.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Then Baxter gave the watch to Wilson? A. Yes; the lady was in the street and running.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Did you see Mr. Croucher have hold of Wilson? A. I told the Magistrate that Baxter gave Wilson something, but I did not know what; they asked if it was like a watch, and I said Yes.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Baxter's Defence. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and ran to see what was the matter - I saw a person running ahead, and called Stop thief! I saw Wilson in custody - I walked up, stood about five minutes, and I was taken.
Wilson's Defence. I saw a person running, and something was thrown into the road; I took it up and ran on, and when I was taken, the lady came up and I gave her the watch.
BAXTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
