







242. - 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  BAYLEY
               




            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SHAW
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SORRELL
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December
, 1 basket, value 2s. 6d.; and 63 pounds of soap, value 2l. 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        David 
                        Gibbs
                     




                  ; and that Charles Bayley had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  JOHN MAY
               



            . I live at No. 1, Wardrobe-terrace, Doctors' Commons - about twenty minutes before nine o'clock in the morning of the 14th of December, I was passing through Milton-street - I know Mr. Gibbs' premises - I saw Sorrell stand on the shafts of a cart - he handed out a basket of soap, and put it on the prisoner(Shaw's) head - this was at Gibbs' door - Bayley was standing at the side at the time - I came up, and they all ran down a court, called Hanover-court, all three together - they could not run very fast, as Shaw had the basket on his head, and the others kept behind him - I directly went and rang Gibbs' bell, and his son ran out - I called his attention to what had passed - I followed the men into Moor-lane, all three together - I had an opportunity of observing them all three, and have not a doubt of the prisoners being the same three men.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. What are you? A. A draper - I was going to my brother-in-law's, at Hoxton - this was in my road - it is a populous neighbourhood- there are not a great many people about - I saw the three together for about a couple of minutes - I am certain Sorrell is the man who was on the shaft - I have always given the same account of it - he had a different dress on when he was on the shaft of the cart - I saw him when he was taken; he had another coat on then, but he had one on when he took it.
COURT. Q. When was he taken? A. In about a quarter of an hour.
HENRY BRIGG. I am servant to David Gibbs - he has no partner - he lives at No. 76, Milton-street, and is a soap-maker
 - I saw a basket, shortly after the robbery, in Milton-street


, and afterwards before the magistrate - it is Mr. 
               
                  David 
                  Gibbs
               



            's property - it contained soap - I had packed the soap - there was sixty-three pounds weight of Windsor, and seven pounds of palm - I had put the basket into the cart, at master's door, previous to going to breakfast; and the carman covered it over with a tarpauling - it is worth 50s. - the basket had two handles to it; but when I saw it again the handles were cut off - (basket produced) - there is the word soap on it, which I put on myself - when I saw the basket, part of the soap was in it, but not all - there was a bar or two deficient - I have not a doubt of the soap; it has a stamp on it which I had put on it myself.
JAMES BLACKLEDGE. I am servant to Mr. Gibbs - I have examined the basket and soap; our stamp is on some of it - I am quite sure it is my master's property.
RICHARD HARDING. I am a city policeman, No. 90 - on the 14th of December, about nine o'clock in the morning, I went to a house in Honeysuckle-court, a few yards out of Milton-street - it is further from Moor-lane - I knocked at the door of the top room, and the prisoner Sorrell opened it - I immediately stepped in, and found the three prisoners there, and this basket containing a portion of the soap - part of it was taken out - I took them into custody, and brought away the property.
Bayley's Defence. About half-past eight or ten minutes to nine, I was going to call on Sorrell, and met him in Milton-street - I told him I was going to his house - he said, "Come along, I am going there" - I went with him; and had been there ten minutes when the policeman came up and took us into custody - is it not possible, at the moment I came to the cart to speak to Sorrell, that the soap might be taken out without my knowledge? - you must consider the evidence circumstantial - I leave myself to yourdecision, being certain your verdict will be the result of mature consideration.
Sorrell and Shaw made no defence.
THOMAS WHITTLE (policeman G 200). I produce a certificate of Bayley's former conviction - I was present, in September, 1832, when he was tried here - he is the person described in the certificate - I can't exactly recollect which court he was tried in; but he is the man. (Read.)
George Harding, boot and shoe-maker, Nichol-street, Bethnal-green; - Smith, trimming-manufacturer, Bethnal-green; - Basling, fringe-maker, No. 77, Newgate-street; and - Topping, of Hunt-street, Camberwell, gave the prisoner Sorrell a good character.
BAYLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
SHAW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SORRELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Confined Three Months
            .
