





Before Mr. Baron Bolland.
121. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PRIEST
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Angier Mark 
                           Perkins
                        




                     
                  , on the 27th of November
, at St. George, Hanover-square, and stealing therein 3 silver spoons, value 30s., his property
            .
PHOEBE ROSE. I am in the service of Angier Mark Perkins, who lives at No. 11, Great Coram-street, in the parish of St. George, Bloomsbury


. Last Tuesday, the 27th of November, I left the kitchen about ten o'clock, and went up stairs - I left six silver spoons on the dresser - they could be seen from the street; I was absent two minutes; a young woman then knocked at the door - I went to it; she gave me information, and pointed out a person - I ran across the street, and called Stop thief! I followed him, and got within a yard of him, but did not see his face; he was the same height as the prisoner - he threw six spoons into a potatoe-warehouse in Kenton-street - the man's figure was the same as the prisoner's, and he was dressed as the prisoner was at the office - I saw him at the office at twelve o'clock - I went into the potatoe-shop; a young woman picked up the spoons; I knew them to be master's - our area gate was locked.


                  DENNINGTON 
                  BEAVER
               



            . I live in Kenton-street, Bloomsbury. I saw the prisoner running, and Rose following, calling Stop thief! as he passed the potatoe-shop I saw him throw some spoons into the shop - Mr. Taylor stopped him - I assisted him; I returned to the potatoe-shop; I found him in custody.


                  EMMA 
                  SPRANG
               



            . My father keeps the potatoe-shop. Six silver spoons were thrown into the shop, which I immediately took up - I kept them till the Policeman came, and then gave them to him.


                  CHARLES 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am a Policeman. The house is in St. George's, Bloomsbury - Mr. Taylor brought the prisoner to the station, and 6s. 9d. and four duplicates were found on him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I heard a cry of Stop thief! and on turning the corner of Judd-street a man stopped me, took me to the station, and in a quarter of an hour brought this robbery against me.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
