





Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1317. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     McPHERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, 1 sovereign; 1 half-sovereign; and 14 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Sheward
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .
ELIZABETH SHEWARD. I am single
. I bind shoes; I lodged at Trafalgar-street, Hammersmith - on the 17th of July, I came to town, and when I was going back, I went to the Black Horse, in Coventry-street, to wait for an omnibus - while I was sitting there the prisoner came up to the window; he put up his hand and appeared to be beckoning some one, he then came in, and sat down on the same seat where I was - he asked what I was waiting for; I said for an omnibus to go to Hammersmith; he said, "I am going to Paddington, and if you go with me, I will see you across to Hammersmith" - I was not aware it was so much out of my way, and with a great deal of persuasion, I went with him - I had never been to Paddington before, and did not know where it was - when we came out of the Black Horse we walked to Titchfield-street, and from there to Regent-street - he there staggered a little, and I said to him, "You appear tired;" he said he was very tired, and should like to ride; I said there was no omnibus there; he said, if he called for a cab would I like to ride; I said, I should have no objection; he called a cab, and desired it to drive to the Yorkshire Stingo


; he then got out and the cab-man asked him for the money; he said, he had no change; the cab-man then turned to me, and said, I must pay - I said, I had no right to pay, after this man had said he would - I detained the cab-man, I suppose, ten minutes; I then took my purse out of my bosom, and asked a young woman to give me change for a sovereign, which she did, and I gave the driver 1s. 6d. - the prisoner then said to me, "We may as well go, and have some refreshment," we went and had some ale and some half and half; he desired me to pay for it, and said he would pay me again; I paid for it, but I do not recollect how much - I do not recollect how much we had - we had ale and half and half, and cheese and biscuits - the prisoner then said heshould like to have some tea, we went and had some tea - I took two sixpences from my purse and laid them on the table to pay for the tea - the prisoner took them up, put them in his pocket, and knocked his finger on the table, and asked the man what was to pay; he paid for it out of the two sixpences, and put the change, 31/2d. or 41/2d. into his pocket - when we came out he said, "I have a sister just by whom I must call and see, but I will not detain you two minutes" - I said, I could not stay long; he said, he would not stay, and we went to No. 3, Dean-street, Paddington - he knocked at the door, and a very decent woman came to the door, and she asked me in; the prisoner had gone in - I went in, and she said, walk up stairs; I went up, and saw the prisoner in the room; he gave the woman 1s. 6d.; I said, "What is that for?" he said, "It is all right" - he then put his hand into my bosom, and took my purse out; I sat down and took off my shoe, as there was some gravel in it - the prisoner then went down, and said, "I shall bid you good day, I shall see you again soon;" I said, it was very strange behaviour, after bringing me to a place I did not know - he then ran down, I put on my shoe and turned to look for my pocket handkerchief and that was gone; I gave a scream and two women came up; they asked me if I had been robbed - I did not say anything to them before they asked me that - I said, "Yes, I have been robbed by that young man, who said, he was your brother" - the woman said, "He is no brother of mine; do you know where you are?" I said, "No" - she said, "You are in a house of accommodation" - I walked out, and when I got two or three hundred yards off, to another street, I saw the prisoner talking to a man; I went up to him, and asked him for my purse and money - I had had one sovereign, one half-sovereign, and 14s. in my purse; the prisoner bade the other man, good night, and took hold of my arm; I was talking with him about ten minutes; I begged him kindly to give me my money, and I would not give him in charge - he said, he had not got my money; I said, "You have, and I am determined, and insist upon having it" - he then gave me a violent blow and knocked me down; he then ran off - he was taken on the Wednesday after.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. What time did you leave the house at Paddington? A. A little after eight o'clock - I am a shoe-binder
, and get my living by that only; I can earn 1s. 6d. a day, that is the outside - I dare say the veil I have on cost two guineas, when it was new, but my aunt made me a present of it - this shawl I bought with my own money; I had earned the money I had in my purse by shoe-binding - I worked for 
               
                  Ann 
                  Cannon
               



            , No. 3, Trafalgar-street, Hammersmith - I believe she lives there now, but I have left there, and live with my father at Shephered's-bush - I do not get money in any other way than by shoe-binding; I had not received money for any other purpose - that was the first time I ever walked about the street with a perfect stranger; I knew town well, but I did not know the description of the house I went into; I did not take notice of the door - the door was shut - when I was told it was a house of accommodation, I did not know what it meant, till it was explained - I did not leave the prisoner when he would not pay for the cab, because he said, he would pay me the money - it was wrong in me to go about with him, but I was persuaded, and I did not think he would turn out so bad - I was not struck with the prisoner paying 1s. 6d. for the room; there was a bed in it; I did not know what to think then.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELLIOTT
               



             (police-sergeant D 18). On the evening of the 17th of July, I saw the prisoner and the prosecutrix coming down Stafford-street; she was crying, and seemed very angry - she had hold of the skirt of his coat; I knew the prisoner very well, and as I did not know the prosecutrix, I followed about two yards behind them - I overheard her say "I will have it; do pray give it to me" - I expected she would give him in charge, but as she did not, I returned, and in a quarter of an hour she returned, and said she had been robbed.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you in your uniform? A. Yes, I was on duty.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HORSFORD
               



             (police-sergeant D 6). I was on duty on the 23rd of July - I met the prisoner; I apprehended him as I had heard he was wanted - I told him I wanted him for robbing a girl - he said I was mistaken; I said, "No, I want you," and took him to the station-house.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Dean-street? A. Yes; it is the worst street we have in the neighbourhood- it is full of brothels.
Prisoner's Defence. On the evening of the 17th of July, I went to the Black Horse, and called for a pint of of beer; I saw the prosecutrix quarrelling with some coachmen - she then came and took hold of me, and asked me to go and have a pint of ale, and we went and had some; she said she had no money and I paid for it - I then said I was going to Paddington; she said she would walk with me, as she did not want to get home before eleven or twelve o'clock at night - she then said she was tired; she called a cab and asked me to ride with her to the Stingo; when we got there she made use of all the oaths you ever heard, that she had no money- I paid 1s. 6d. for the cab, and we went to a coffee-shop, where I paid 41/2d.; we then went to a common brothel in Dean-street - I paid 1s. 6d. for the room, and after being there some time, I went away.


                  MARY 
                  ANN JONES
               



            . I live servant at the house No. 3, Dean-street. On the evening of the 17th of July, the prisoner brought the prosecutrix to the door which stands open from the time we get up in the morning, till three o'clock the next morning - they came about a quarter-past eight o'clock in the evening and went up-stairs; he gave me 1s. for the room - he came down in about a quarter of an hour and went out, and she came down soon afterwards and went out; she did not mention about being robbed - she came again about ten o'clock with a short stont man with a flat hat; she was then up-stairs for about half an hour - she then came down and was so tipsy she could not get out; I took hold of her and led her out - my mistress heard a noise and asked what it was- I said it was 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Willis
               



             who had used the house for three or four months; I have seen her there many times - she has slept there; I have made the bed after her and prepared it for her - she came back again that night at one o'clock, and asked for a lodging; I said it was not the custom of that house to let beds to singlepersons, and I would not let her he there - she then said she had been robbed in that house, but could not say who robbed her; I would not let her in; and the next morning she swore to William Hilton, a young man who uses the house.
COURT to 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ELLIOTT
               



            . Q. What time was it when you saw the prosecutrix with the prisoner? A. About a quarter past eight o'clock; she was not tipsy, but had been drinking - I had never seen her before in my life to my knowledge - the prisoner I know well.
COURT to 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  SHEWARD
               



            . Q. However unpleasant it may be to you, it is quite necessary that you should inform us - have you ever been in the habit of going to that house? A. I never entered that house upon my oath, nor saw the woman till that night - upon my solemn oath I never went by the name of Eliza Willis in my life - I certainly did not go back to that house that night - she has told a very great untruth - I did not go back at one o'clock to ask to lodge there; I was at home at No. 3, Trafalgar-street about eleven o'clock; I walked there as soon as I had given notice to the officer - I have none of my friends here.
COURT to 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ELLIOTT
               



            . A. When you left the prosecutrix, in what direction was she going? A. Towards the City, not towards that house - when I first saw them they were coming from towards that house; I have walked in that neighbourhood four years, and never saw the prosecutrix in my life before - I think I should have seen her if she had frequented the neighbourhood.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HORSFORD
               



             re-examined. Q. Do you frequent that neighbourhood as a police officer? A. Yes, and have for the last two years; we have a great deal of trouble in that street, and are there a great deal - I never saw the prosecutrix, and I think if she had frequented the house I must - we have particular directions to watch that street, and have a man there on purpose.


                  William 
                  Poole
               



            , coachmaster, Edgeware-road, and 
               
                  William 
                  White
               



            , stable-keeper, Pentonville, gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
JURY. We cannot find words strong enough to express our indignation at the conduct of the Witness, Jones.
Jones was committed to prison for perjury.
