





1102. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     WEST
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of April
, 1 shawl, value 10s., 2 gowns, value 10s., and 1 bonnet, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Coward
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  COWARD
               



            . I am single
, and live in the Almonry, Westminster


. The prisoner lodged in my house on the the 3rd of April; when I got up about seven o'clock. I missed her, and found the door open - I looked about, and found my box had been opened with a key; I missed a shawl, two gowns, and a straw bonnet - I had seen them safe the night before, when I went to bed; I found the prisoner the same night at Knightsbridge, with my bonnet on her head - I asked how she came to take the things; she denied it at first - I said how came she to deny it when she had my bonnet on, and then she said she had left the things at a public-house; I found them there - there were my keys, another key, an old gown, and my shawl.


                  JOHN 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker at Knightsbridge. I have a shawl, pawned by the prisoner, on the 3rd of April; the gown was offered after I had information of the robbery - I detained her with it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLIFTON
               



             (Police-constable B 50.) I apprehended the prisoner with this bonnet on her head, and she referred me to No. 17, Kennington-street; she said some of the prosecutor's things were left there, which were an apron and a lace cap, and several other things which were delivered up at the public-house, at Knights-bridge; I found this basket and the keys.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
