




89. 




GRENVILLE HUGH WILLIAM FUZZENS
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
9th of November, 2 shawls, value 1l.; 2 scarfs, value 8s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; the goods of 



Elizabeth Collins; and Shirt-front, value 6d., the goods of 



John Fuzzens; and 




MARY ANN NORRIS



, for feloniously receiving 2 shawls, part of the said goods, well wing the same to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c: to which FUZZENS pleaded





GUILTY
. Aged 1Q.—


Transported for Seven Years—Isle of Wight.





ELIZABETH COLLINS
. I am a servant out of place; I lodge with a woman in Molyneux-place. Fuzzens's father lives in the next room to he—Ilost the property stated from my box, which I kept in Fuzzens's kitchen—these two shawls are mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You had known Mr. Fuzzens or some time? A. Yes, and the room being small, I put my box into his room.





JOHN FUZZENS
. I am a policeman, and am the prisoner's father. The prosecutrix's box was in my room—I missed my boy and the property—I was in search of him from the Saturday till the Monday—I found him at a house in Providence-place—I asked how be could be such a bad boy as to break the box and take the things, and what he had done with them—he said he had sold them to a woman at a shop in Shouldham-street—I gave him into custody, and went with him and the constable to the house where he pointed out the prisoner Norris as the person who bought the things of him—I asked Norris where the things were that she had bought of the boy, and I think she asked if they were stolen—she went up stairs, and fetched down the largest of these shawls—I asked her what she gave him for that—she said 1s. 6d.—I then asked where the other was—she called a little girl, who brought her down this other shawl—I asked what she gave him for that—she said 1s.—I asked how she could boy shawls of much greater value than what she gave for them of so young a boy—she said she did not know the value, that she asked him his address, and he said he lived in Molyneux-street, that his mother was very much in discress, and wanted something to get a dinner for Sunday—bat his mother is lead.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you had reason to believe this boy has been bad? A. Ever since he was eight years old, he is now eleven—I have tried every means to reclaim him—I have had him twice before the Magistrate—my wife has been dead ten months—I live in the room I

did when she died—I did not hear the Magistrate say they ought to go out of the door and settle it—Norris keeps a wardrobe shop.

NORRIS—


NOT GUILTY
.
