





1594. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of August
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 seal, value 3s.; 1 watch-key, value 1l., and 10s., the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Woods
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODS
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker
. On the 18th of August I met with the prisoner, at my lodging, at a public-house, in Long-lane, Smithfield - she came tothe box I was in, and we sat together; she had a basket and a bag - I asked if she had a lodging or a house of her own; she said she had - she took me there, and we went to bed; I am sure I had my watch, seal, and a key without a pipe to it, when I went into the house with her - it was about four o'clock in the afternoon; I did not miss any thing till I was just going out of the room again- I then missed my watch; I said, "You have my watch" - she said she had not; I said, "I am sure you have, and I shall not leave till you give it me;" I kicked up a little bother about it; the mistress came up, and called a Policeman - he searched the bed and the room, but could not find it; I gave her in charge - she was searched in the Police station, in my presence, and this watch, which is mine, was found under her arm; I had 19s. when I went with her, and when I left it was all gone; I gave her 1s., and 2s. for liquor.


                  CHARLES 
                  BRITTAIN
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker. I was sitting with the witness - the prisoner came and sat down for a quarter of an hour; he had changed a sovereign before she came, and he had the change.


                  HENRY 
                  BEAN
               



            . I am a Policeman. I went to the house; the prisoner denied having any watch - I took her to the station, and an officer found it on her.


                  EDWARD 
                  RICHARD PENSTONE
               



            . The prisoner was brought to the station-house; she said she had no watch, and did not know the prosecutor - I found this watch under her arm.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WOODS
               



            . This is my watch - it was in my watch pocket; I did not take my clothes off.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that the prosecutor, having no money, had given her the watch to keep while he went home for money - that he returned intoxicated, and charged her with stealing it.
HENRY BEAN. The prosecutor had been drinking, but was more sober than he had been.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
