




3402. 




EDWARD JONES
 and 




BENJAMIN FAULKNER
 were indicted for

feloniously breaking and entering the counting-house of 



William Ford, on the 
19th of September, and stealing therein 44 metal cocks, value 15l.; and 1 brass plate, value 7s.; his property.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN SMITH
 (a prisoner) I was committed here to give evidence. I remember, the Friday before this occurred, seeing the prisoner Jones—I do not know much of him—I knew his little brother—he asked me to go with him and do a job—it was night—I said I did not do night-work, I had enough of working hard by day—I went home and went to bed—I saw him again on the following Tuesday morning, at about eleven o'clock—no one was with him—he asked me to go with him to chuck some pigeons up—I said I did not mind—he went home and said they were all out, and he could not do it—and he said, would I go with him across a field on an errand?—I went with him—he met him sister, and spoke to her—he then said, "I am going back now"—and he stood moving the mould about—

I stood looking at the barge, and asked him what he was doing there—he said he was looking for some things he had planted there, and that he had sold 23l. worth in Rosemary—lane, and somebody had sprung the plant—I suppose he meant that somebody had been and taken them—I said, "If you have been planting any thing there, I shall plant myself off: I am not going to get myself into a hobble for nothing"—Faulkner was not there—I did not see him till he was taken, nor did I knew him—whilst we were talking, a policeman came up and asked Jones what he was doing there—Jones said he had chucked some pigeons—he took us to a green—grocer's shop, and searched us there, and the good lady said she had seen Jones and Faulkner at five o'clock in the morning—when he asked me to go and do a job down the road, I said, "What job?" he said, "Come and see"—I said I liked my bed too well and went home—Mr. Ford's place is down the road.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE, Q. I suppose there are plenty of other people down the road? A. Yes—I said I did not want to get into trouble for nothing—I am a carman—I worked for Mr. Stones, but I have been our of employ four months—he did not tell me what he sold, nor where he got it.





WILLIAM FORD
. I am a brass-founder. My premises are in East-lane, Limehouse—I have a counting-house there—I keep cocks there, and articles of that sort—my stock was all safe on Monday night, the 19th of September—on the following morning, at half-past six o'clock, I discovered my place had been broken open and robbed—I missed brass cocks and other articles, worth more than 60l.—the door was not forced—they got up the door, and broke in the fan-light and on the door were the marks of corduroy trowsers in climbing up.





MARY ANN JONES
 I live near Mr. Ford's, at the end of Limehouse, in Salmon-lane. On Tuesday, the 20th of September, I was up at half-past five o'clock, or rather earlier—I looked out of the window, and saw both the prisoners—I knew them before by sight—my window looks into a field—they were in the field, kicking mould about, right and left, as if covering something over—I afterwards pointed out the spot to the policeman—my lad, Henry Cole, went and found some of the property—the prisoners were under my notice form ten minutes before five till about six o'clock—Jones went away, and came again, in a flannel jacket, about eight o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you examined before the Magistrate? A. No, my husband was—he had left home at five o'clock—they said they could do without him here, because he did not know so much about it as I did—he has not been in any trouble since he had been my husband—I do not know what happened before—I have been married fifteen or sixteen year—he has never been transported that I know of—it he was he must have been very young

MR. BODKIN. Q. Has he lived with you ever since you have been married? A. Yes—I have a family we are green grocers and fruiterers.





HENRY COLE
, I am in the service of Mr. and Mrs. Jones On the morning of the 20th, Mrs. Jones mentioned something to me about the field—I looked and saw the two prisoner for nearly an hour knocking the mould about with their feet—I went, after they had gone away, about six o'clock, or a little after and found some cocks and piece of metal—I gave them to my mistress, who gave them to the officer.






ROBERT PEARCE
. I used to live with Mrs. Jones I now go about with things for myself—I lived with Mrs. Jones at this time—about five o'clock in the morning I saw the two prisoners in the fields kicking the mould about—I went to market with my master—I returned about eight o'clock and found three cocks and four keys—I gave them to my mistress, she gave them to the officer—I saw Jones and Faulkner kneeling down

Cross-examined. Q. How far is this place from where you were? A. About one hundred yards—it was not light—I saw Jones with his white flannel jacket on—I knew it was him because I heard the other boy say so—I knew it was him by him look.

COURT
Q. Was it light enough for you to see them? A. Yes—they came up to the dunghill and wiped their trowsers and their shoes.





HENRY ROBERT GEORGE
 I found some cocks in this field—I gave them to my father—my brother found two cocks.





JOHN REDDINGTON
. I found some cocks in the field about seven o'clock—Pearce found some after me.





DANIEL DONOVAN
 (police-constable K 273.) In consequence of information, I went to the field on Tuesday the 20 the of September and saw the prisoner Jones in company with Smith in the field as the top of Salmon-lane, near Mrs. Jones's—Jones was walking with his head down and kicking up the mould with his feet—hearing that some brass cocks had been found, I went and asked him what he was doing—he said to fly some pigeons—Smith was walking with his hands in his pocket—I think some if the cocks were found after this—I took him to Mrs. Jones—she said she could swear to him as being there in the morning between five and six—he denied being there and said he was at home all night and did not get up till eight o'clock in the morning—Mrs. Jones called him by name—she said she did not know Smith—that he was not there in the morning—I took Jones to the station-house, and allowed Smith to go at large—I afterwards took him at the request of my inspector on the Saturday at a winevaults at the top to the Commercial-road—I found afterwards where he lived—he was about a quarter of a mile from his own residence—he made a communication to me—I did not look at the mark of the trowsers on the door.





THOMAS HOLMES
 (police serjeant K 12.) I produce some cocks and a plate which I received from Mrs. Jones—I took Faulkner on the 21st—I found on him a lucifer box of matches and a piece of tallow candle—he had corded trowsers on—I looked at the prosecutor"s door, and saw marks on it, which could have been made by such trowsers.

Cross-examined. Q. What kind of mark was it? A. It appeared as of the impression of corded trowsers from the top to the bottom, there was dirt and white and so forth, as if the trowsers had been wet or dirty and rubbed against the door.





JOHN SYMONDS
. I am inspector of the K division of the police. Jones was brought and accused on suspicion of the robbery at Mr. Ford's—I asked where he had been the night previous—he said he had slept at his lodgings, and remained at home till between seven and eight o'clock in the morning





WILLIAM FORD

re-examined. These cocks are mine, and were taken from my counting-house on the night in question

Cross-examined. Q. Are there any marks on them? A. These two I can swear to, and these others are my own manufacture—I saw them at twelve o'clock in the day on the 19th—I can say I saw these particular articles,

because the whole of them were gone on Tuesday morning—I have still lost about 30l. worth of property.





WILLIAM FORD, JUNIOR
. I made the counting-house safe on the 19th, at half past ten o'clock—the stock was all right then—this is my father's property—I made these myself.

SMITH, 

GUILTY
.* Aged 19.

FAULKNER, 

GUILTY
.* Aged 18.




Transported for Fourteen Years.

