





1482. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, 1 live tame rabbit, price 5s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Newman
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I live at South Mimms, in Middlesex


. I had some tame rabbits in a hutch; at six o'clock in the morning I lost a doe, the mother of four young ones - they were in a house attached to a building in which my men are.
Cross-examined by MR. DONNE. Q. Had you seen the prisoner at your house that evening? A. He was seen about the yard; I keep the Green Man, at Barnet - there is no drinking allowed in that part where they were; I did not see the prisoner all the time he was there - I have no relation of his in my employ.


                  JAMES 
                  BUCKLE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Newman. On the 21st of May, this rabbit was safe in a hutch in an outhouse in the yard at five o'clock; the hutch was shut, but not locked - I missed it at six the same night; it was found at Southgate.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure it was in a hutch? A. Yes, it was not running about; I saw the prisoner there that afternoon - but I cannot say how long; I saw him in what we call the old tap; I do not know what he was doing - it is not usual for persons to be there; it is the place where our men sleep - he was standing inside the door; he was not drinking - his uncle is a watchman in Mr. Newman's employ.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALDUCK
               



            . I live at Southgate. I met the prisoner with this rabbit; he offered it to me for sale, on the 21st of May, at half-past seven o'clock at night - I had not seen him before; he asked half a crown for it -I said I would buy it if my father approved of it; my father was talking to him when the prosecutor came up, and took him into custody.
Cross-examined. Q. How far is that from the prosecutor's? A. About four miles; he did not appear intoxicated.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WALDUCK
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and have the rabbit.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you any conversation with the prisoner? A. No, my boy brought it to me, and said he had agreed to buy it for half a crown; I asked the prisoner where he got it - he said he bought it of a man coming across the fields; Newman then came up, and gave him into my custody - I never said to the prisoner,"You have stolen it, and you had better say you have," and he never said that, in consequence of his having a wife and family, he would say he had stolen it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 31. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
