





441. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     DAVIES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of January
, 2 shawls, value 1l.; and 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Cridington
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .
ROBERT CRIDINGTON. I am a shoe-maker
, and live in Austin-street, Hackney-road


 - the prisoner was in my service for one week - my wife called me down, as she missed two shawls and a handkerchief - I went round to the pawnbrokers', and found them, and then gave the prisoner into custody.


                  MARY 
                  CRIDINGTON
               



            . I am the wife of the prosecutor - I missed two shawls and one handkerchief, which I had seen that morning.


                  THOMAS 
                  EAGLES
               



            . I am a constable of Worship-street - I was sent for to the house, which is next door to our office, - the prisoner was charged with stealing two shawls - she gave me two duplicates out of her bosom - I went to the pawnbroker's, and found the things.


                  CHARLES 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Elliott, pawnbroker, Kingsland-road - the prisoner pawned a new silk shawl with me on the 20th of January, for 8s. - I produce it.


                  THOMAS 
                  CAPPS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at No. 17, Old-street-road - a shawl was pawned with me on Monday, the 20th of January, for 1s. 6d. - I do not know who pawned it.
MARY CRIDINGTON re-examined. They are mine - I had no character with the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
