





2098 
               
                  JOHN 
                  STOCKS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, 9 wooden staves, value 15s., and 6 pieces of wood, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Alfred 
                     Rosling
                  




               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  ALFRED 
                  ROSLING
               



            . I am a cooper
, and reside at Cambridge-heath, Hackney


 - the prisoner was in my service four or five months; he was a jobbing-man, had to look after a horse and chaise, and do any thing that was wanted- he had no right to any of my staves. I employed two officers to watch my premises, and on Monday last I saw nine staves and six pieces of wood - one of the staves I know to be mine, and am quiet confident, in my own mind, that they are all mine.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. Have you missed property before? A. Yes, repeatedly, and before the prisoner lived with me - he said he had lived with a bedstead-maker.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY RICHARDSON
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. Rosling - the prisoner was in his service. Here is a piece of wood, which I can identify by a mark on it in my own hand-writing.


                  THOMAS 
                  VANN
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. I went to the prosecutor's house last Monday morning, about seven o'clock - I was in pursuit of another person as well as the prisoner; I went to the prisoner's house, which is a cottage with one room, in Nova Scotia-gardens, Crabtree-rew, Bethnal-green - I got there about halfpast seven o'clock in the morning; I found a woman there, who was said to be Mrs. Stocks - I found under the bedstead, these nine staves, and these six pieces of wood; the two staves which have been identified were among them - a person mamed Grubb was taken, and the prisoner came down to the office, and I took him.
Cross-examined. Q.There was only one room? A. No; there was no other convenient place to put the wood- some part of these appear to have been out; it might have made legs of bedsteads, perhaps, but I do not know- I never saw oak bedsteads; the prisoner was not at his house.
Prisoner's Defence. Grubb asked me to make him a bedstead - he said he could find stuff; I said I would at my leisure time - he said he was in no hurry; I said he might take the stuff to my house at any time, and if my wife was not in the way, he might lay it down on the premises; he brought this wood at twice - I did not know it belonged to my master; I thought it was his own - when my wife said they had been and taken it, I was astonished, and went to the office.
JURY to MR. ROSLING. Q. Was the prisoner in the habit of handling any of these staves? A. That laid more with the foreman than myself - he was jobbing about, and had access to them; there were twenty thousand staves there sometimes.
MR. RICHARDSON. He sometimes had to remove staves from one part to another - he was an odd man, doing anything; wood in this shape is used almost exclusively by coopers - some part might be convered into a bedstead; Grubb had no right to take it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
