




569. 




JOSEPH WORSTER
 and 




EDWARD EAST
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
20th of January, 6 pence, and 24 halfpence, the monies of 



John Morris.






CHARLES HAGAN
 (police-constable K 271.) On Friday evening, the 20th of January, I was in the West India-road, and saw the two prisoners coming in the direction of High-street, Poplar—I followed them down the street into High-street—there they loitered about the shop-windows—I followed them till they came near Blackwall—they went down a street—they loitered there, and I lost them—I came back, and found them loitering in High-street again—I followed them—they stopped about Morris's window, where they had stood before—they had changed jackets when they came back to the High-street—I saw East put his hand through the wicket, and hold the bell of Morris's door—I ran over to see what he was doing—he ran out of the shop—Worster was outside, and they ran up the street together—I pursued, and before I got to them I heard Worster say, "Douse it, he is after you"—I heard something rattle—I took East, and on him 1 found four penny-pieces, a sixpence, a wire, and a nail—the wire is such as is generally used for hooking things

Out of a shop-window—I took them to the watchhouse, and then informed Mr. Morries—my brother-offer took the other prisoner—I went to where the money was thrown, but I could not find any thing—it was very muddy and dirty.





HENRY WEEKS
 (police-constable K 216.) I was with Hagan the whole time—what he has stated is true—they went from shop to shop, and changed dressed—Worster was standing at the window—they both ran off together—I took Worster—some persons had congregated—he was amongst them—I found on him a new knife and 1s. 6d. in silver.





SARAH MORRIS
. I am the wife of John Morris—we keep a chandler's shop, on the evening of the 20th of January, two boys came into my shop, pulled my in till out, emptied it, and went out again—I believe there were two, but I cannot say—one came in, he put it on the counter, and then ran away—to the best of my knowledge, there was about 1s. 6d. in it—it was all copper money, I believe—if there was silver in it, it was more than I knew.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You say two boys came into your shop? A. I only saw one in the shop—the other held the bell at the door—I did not see it—I was in the house. (The witness's deposition before the Magistrate being read, stated, "I cannot say how much was taken out, but there was no great deal in—nothing but a few halfpence—if there was silver in it, it is more than I know.")

MR. PAYNE. Q. Having said before that there was only a few half-pence, how came you to say now there was 1s. 6d. in it? A. There was 1s. 6d., to the best of my knowledge—I do not know whether there was silver in it or no—I did not say before that I could not say how much there was—this is my writing—the paper was not read over to me.

WORSTER—


GUILTY
. * Aged 15.

EAST—


GUILTY
. * Aged 16. 



Transported for Seven Years.
