



1031. 




WILLIAM JONES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
30th of March, 1 ham, value 10s., the goods of 



Robert Robertson, and that he had been before convicted of felony.






MARY ANN ROBERTSON
. I am the wife of Robert Robertson; we keep a cheesemonger's shop in Paddington-street. On the 30th of March I stepped out, and returned in about three minutes—when I got on the pavement, I saw the prisoner at the shop, with his back to me, in a very suspicious manner; but I had no idea what he was about till I got on the step, when he turned round to me, with the ham in his hand—I took it from him as he was on the step—he got from me, and ran off, but was brought back—I am confident he is the man.

Prisoner. Q. How long was I in the shop? A. I cannot say; but I saw you with the ham—I could discern your face, and know you are the person—I stood at the door, and you ran up the street opposite—you got out of my sight.





JOSEPH MOODY
. I was coming along Paddington-street—I saw Mrs. Robertson just by the step, and saw the prisoner come off the step and run down the street opposite—I ran after him, and did not lose sight of him till he was caught—he is the man who had the ham.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see it in my hand? A. No; but I saw you run out of the shop—you ran across the street opposite, and turned to the right—you went down Woodstock-street—you stopped yourself, and came back.





PHILIP WEBSTER
. I am an officer. I saw a crowd; and went into the shop—the prosecutrix gave the prisoner in charge—he said he never was in the shop, and knew nothing about the ham.





FRANCIS FELTHAM
. I am a private watchman to Boyd and French. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office (read)—I was a witness, and know the prisoner is the man.

Prisoner's Defence. I had the misfortune to be very poor—I met a young fellow who told me he could get me some work—we went and took a gentleman's handkerchief, and we had six months—since that I have been taken into employ—I drove a cab, and on the 30th of March I was on the cab, and heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I went with the rest, and came back with them—no one stopped me—the woman then came out and said, "That is him."





MARY ANN ROBERTSON
. I am confident the prisoner is the person—I lost sight of him when he went down the street opposite—I took the ham from him myself—I saw his face then quite perfectly—he laid nothing to me—my husband was in the room—the printer was in the shop with his back to me—a man brought him back—he said he had done nothing, and the man said he had better come back and clear himself.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
