




686. 




WILLIAM BENNETT
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
15th of January, 3 handkerchiefs, value 3s. 6d., the goods of 



Owen Osborne; and 




ELLEN DONOVAN



 for feloniously receiving, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., part and parcel of the said goods; well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






OWEN OSBORNE
. I am a silk dyer, and lodge at the Catherine Wheel Inn, in the Borough. About five or six o'clock on the afternoon of the 15th of January I was at Mr. Gilmore's, the Crown public-house—I had three handkerchiefs in my hat—one was my own, and one was Mr. Gilmore's, which I had to dye for him—I put my hat on the bench by the said of me—I was very unwell, and reclined my head on the table, and went to sleep for a few minutes—I had a severe cold and cough—when I aroused I wanted to make use of my handkerchief, and found they were gone some people in the room told me something which induced me to look after the prisoner—George Piper went in search of him—I was fetched to see the prisoner, and he then had one handkerchief in his hat, one round his neek, and Donovan had the other round her neck—these are two of them the prisoner in removing from the public-house to the station made away with one.

Bennell. I bought them outside the door, and gave sixpence for them Donavan. This young man came into the public-house where I was taking a pint of beer—he was in distress, and I bought one handkerchief of him.





GEORGE PIPER
. I live in Potter's-place. I was at the Crown public-house—I saw Bennett there, and the prosecutor laying his head on the table—I had not been there many minutes before I saw Bennett go and lie on the seat against Osborne—he was close to the hat—in about two minutes he got up and went out, and in about two minutes Osborne rose up and wanted his handkerchiefs, and I told him what I had seen—I went down to Mr. Waterman's, another public-house, and had not been there above ten minutes before Bennett came on—he had a cap on—he pulled that off, handed it to another man, and the man handed him a hat—he then went out and came in again, and gave Donovan, who was sitting there, a hand-kerchief—I went and told Osborne what I had seen—he came, and said, "That is one of my handkerchiefs round the prisoner's neck"—he went for a policeman, and Bennett was for making off, but he was stopped—the officer came and took them both—I did not see Donovan give any money to Bennett, nor hear him say any thing to her—he might do so, and I not Hear it.

Bennell. Did you see me take any thing out of the man's hat? A. No, I did not—I saw you lie on your back close along by the hat, but when Osborne rose up, no one had gone out except you.





CHARIES CASBOULT
 (police-constable N 168.) I went to the house, and found Bennett outside the door—he had one handkerchief in his hat and this one round his neck—I went in and took Donovan with this one round her neck—she said she knew nothing about it—she had bought it.

BENNETT—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.

DONOVAN—


NOT GUILTY
.
