





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
799. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RYDER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of February
, 3 pints of brandy, value 10s.
            , the goods of the 
               
St. Katharine Dock Company




            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  RICHARD 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I am superintendent of the Police at the St. Katharine's Docks


 - the prisoner was employed there as a watchman
. On the 1st of March, about tea minutes past two o'clock, he was about to leave the premises; when they were ordered to take their hats off, he put both his hands to his hat, and took it off in a very careful manner - I suspected all was not right, and went to him; I asked what he had in his bat - he held up a corner of a handkerchief, with white spots on it; I attempted to put my hand into his hat - he instantly put it on his head; I asked what he had there - he answered,"A mere nothing;" I said, "Show it to me:" he said,"I will after the others are gone;" the others went, and then I asked him what he had - he begged of me for God's sake not to look at it, as if I did it would rum him for ever- he was brought into the room, and I found a bladder, containing eleven gills and a half of brandy; he said he had it given to him by a person on board a ship, whose name he did not know, and he begged very hard to be set at liberty; he told me I was too strict, and why should I be so severe upon him; I took him to the Magistrate - there were a great number of hogshead of brandy on the quay; it was foreign brandy - I cannot say whether it was the same sort as that in the bladder: the bungs of the brandy-casks were open that day.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. I suppose brandy is of different qualities? A. Yes - I believe the whole of it is white till it is coloured; I believe the casks were afterwards guaged - I cannot tell whether there was any short; there were ships in the dock which brought brandy - I do not know that it is common for persons to go on board the ships to have liquor; I have never seen it done there, but have in other docks.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is there not a rule to prevent persons taking things from ships as presents? A. Yes; he said it was given him by a person on board ship, but he did not know his name.


                  FREDERICK 
                  TASHMAKER
               



            . I am a clerk in the superintendent's office. I was present at part of this transaction; this is the bladder - I put the brandy into a bottle.
Prisoner's Defence. I had it offered me on the quay by a sailor; I refused it, and he said, "I will put it in such a place for you" - I took it from there, and put it into my hat to carry it out of the docks.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.
There was another indictment against the prisoner, which was not tried.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
