




389. 




MART MILLER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of December, at 
St. Pancras, I cloak, value 6l., the goods of 



Thomas Theodore Campbell, the younger: I work-box, value 12s.; I seal, value 10s.; 2 thimbles, value &.; 2 pairs of scissors, value 7s.; 2 penknives, value 5s.; I bodkin-case, value 2s.; and 1 tooth-pick, value 2s.; the goods of 



Ann Laura Campbell; in the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Theodore Campbell.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






HANNAH BUTLER
. I am a servant in the employ of Mr* Campbell, of No. 15, Burton Crescent On the 6th of December, I remember the prisoner coming to my master's house—she said she came after the cook's situation—Miss Campbell saw her, and after some time she left the house—shortly after, Miss Campbell left the house also—the prisoner returned a few minutes after, and said she had met Miss Campbell, who wished her to return and wait till she came in—I allowed her to remain in the hall, and I went down stairs—shortly after I came up stairs and the prisoner was gone—I looked into the parlour, where I had observed Miss Campbell's work-box shortly before, and missed it—when mistreat came home I told her what had happened, and a cloak was also missed belonging to Mr. Campbell.





HANNAH LAURA CAMPBELL
. I remember the prisoner coming to inquire after the cook's place, on the 6th of December—I left the house a very few minutes after she left it—I had a work-box on the dining table, not in the room I saw hex in—I did not meet her alter I went out—I never told her to go back and wait for me—when I returned, my workbox was gone, and I missed a cloak belonging to my brother—his same is Thomas Theodore—this it my work-box—it contained a bodkin, two penknives, two pairs of scissors, two thimbles, a mother-of-pearl bodkincase, a tooth-pick, a seal, and Russian pebble—the box and contents together are worth two or three guineas.





THOMAS THEODOEE CAMPBELL, JUN
. The souse in question belongs to my father, Thomas Theodore Campbell, and is in the parish of St Pancras I—had a cloak in the house on the morning of the 6th of December, worth six guineas—it has been worn two months—this is it—I believe the work-box cost 14s., without the bodkins and things, which I suppose is worth 2l.—all the fittings together.





WILLIAM HIGHWAY
 (police-constable N 232.) On the 22nd of December I took the prisoner into custody—I did not search her—I received the daplicates of the articles from Mr. Ramshaw, a publican—I went to her lodging, but the duplicates were found before I went there.





ROBERT RAMSHAW
. I am a publican, and live in Lower-road, Islington. I was at the police-office when the prisoner was brought there (by accident,) and knowing where she lodged I gave information, and went to her lodging—the landlord of the house is a friend of mine—it if No. 5, James-street, Lower-road, Islington—I knew she lodged there, but did not know which was her room—I found a box in the house, which was opened in her presence—I found in it twenty-nine duplicates, a penknife, and a needle-case.





CHARLES TIJON
. I am shopman to Mr. Drew, a pawnbroker at Islington. On the 6th of December the prisoner came to our shop and pawned a work-box—the duplicate I gave her is among those produced.





CHARLES JAMES MERCER
. I am shopman to Mr. Burgess, a pawnbroker

at King's-cross. On the 6th of December, about a quarter to two o'clock, this cloak was pawned—I believe the prisoner to be the person—the duplicate I gave for it has not been found.

MISS CAMPBELL
re-examined. This penknife and needle-case are mine, and were in the work-box.





HANNAH BUTLER

re-examined. Nobody else came into the house before the work-box and cloak were missed.




GUILTY
 of stealing under the value of £5. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)
