





1940. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CLARK
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of September
, 2 woollen shirts, value 5s., and 1 pair of drawers, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Thornton
                     




                  , in a certain vessel in the port of London
            , &c.; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


                  JAMES 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am mate of a brig, which was laying in the Export-dock, Poplar


. On the 10th of September, the prisoner came on board and asked me for a job to paint; I did not know him before, but I set him to paint - there was no one on board but myself; I went below and heard him go to the fore part of the ship, where 
               
                  William 
                  Thornton
               



            's chest was - I went up, and found the prisoner with his trousers loose and his shoes off; I asked what he was doing there, he said shaking the dirt off his clothes - I said it was a curious place to do that; he stopped a little time, and asked if he was to go to painting again - I then looked at a pair of trousers, which I saw him throw aside, and I saw they were Thornton's; I then went to look for the prisoner, and he was gone on shore - he looked very bulky, and I sent a boy to watch him.


                  JOHN 
                  FERGUSON
               



            . I belong to the ship; I was on shore - I heard a noise, and saw the prisoner go to the end of the logs and undo his trousers; I heard something fall down - it was a piece of iron, and two shirts were stowed under the iron.


                  JOHN 
                  LAMMEN
               



            . I am the officer. I took the prisoner,(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I hope you will consider that I underwent the punishment of my former conviction; I am quite innocent of this - I went below because it rained.


                  JOHN 
                  GEORGE
               



            . I am an officer. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, on the 9th of December, and I am sure he is the person (read.)



               GUILTY
            . 


               Transported for Life
            .
