



1925. 




ELLEN SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of July, 1 watch, value 6l.; 1 seal, value 5s.; 1 watch-chain, value 1l.; and three half-crowns; the goods and monies of 



Joseph Lane, from his person.






JOSEPH LANE
. I live in Harrison-street, Grays Inn-lane. I met the prisoner on Sunday morning, the 30th of July, between half-past three and half-past four o'clock, in company with another female—I went home with them to a house in Church-street—to the second floor—I was quite sober—I was in the room about half an hour altogether—the other woman was not present at the time—I sat down, and was dosing off to sleep—the pri soner thought I was asleep, and put her hand into my pocket, and took out 1s. 6d. and a pen-knife—she placed a chair across the bedstead—I felt the tug at my watch, and found the door shut and bolted all in a moment—I called out of window, but could get no attendance—the key of the door was turned on me as well—I burst the door open in about ten minutes, got out, and went to the station-house—an officer went with me to look at the place, but could not find the parties—he advised me to go to wards Covent-garden, and in Belton-street I met the prisoner, a man, and another woman—while I was looking for a policeman, they gave me the slip—I went to the station-house and gave information, and on returning to the room, I found all the furniture gone out of it, but an old bedstead—I can swear the prisoner is the person who took my watch—I saw her with it—a chair was put across the door-way to trip me up, and before I could pass it, the door was fastened on me—she shut the door, and hasped it, and then must have placed the padlock on it—it was done momentarily—I stumbled over the chair, and she shut the door before I could get up—she was on the other side of the chair—she had placed it so as to have a free passage to escape, and to trip me up with it—the place was not dark, but it was placed so near my feet I stumbled over it—I have never found the watch.





WILLIAM WILSON
 (police-constable E 12.) I took the prisoner into custody in the passage of the same house, about eleven o'clock—I told her I wanted her—she said, "I know what it is for, but I won't go"—I sent for another constable, and found 14s. 4d. on her, but no watch.

Prisoner. I said I did not know what it was for, and would not go with

him without he told me—he said he would tell me when I got to the station-house, and I walked there with him.

COURT. Q. What time was it when you had first information of this robbery? A. Near one o'clock—the people were going to church—I was at St. Giles's when the prosecutor came to me—there was one half crown among the money found on her.





JOSEPH LANE

re-examined. I think it was about five o'clock in the morning when I gave notice of my loss—there were three half-crowns among my money—the prisoner was taken at nine o'clock in the morning—she was tipsy then—I value my watch at 6l.—it cost that four years ago, and the chain and seal 1l.
(The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that she never saw the prosecutor till he gave her in charge—that a number of girls lived in the same house, and the money found on her was given her by a gentleman.)





WILLIAM WILSON

re-examined. The house is let out in tenements—other females lodge there, but none of them could be mistaken for the pri soner.





JOSEPH LANE

re-examined. I had come from Mr. Cubitt's, of Five fields, Chelsea, that night—the foreman and I had just parted, and it was in my way home—I was perfectly sober—when the prisoner was taken she mode great resistance—about fifty Irish got round, and she got liberated—had I not run to the station-house for assistance the policeman would have been killed—one woman got fourteen days imprisonment.

JURY. Q. How much had you drank that night? A. There was only one glass of gin and water and a pot of ale between four of us—Mr. Cubitt's foreman calls for me every Saturday night, and we go and spend the even ing together—we were at two public-houses—I am married—I was not asleep at this house; only dozing.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
