



2893. 



JAMES BUCKLEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of October, 1 coat, value 1l. 7s.; 1 box, value 5s.; 1 hammer, value 1s.; 1 wrench, value 1s.; and 2 screws, value 1d.; the goods of 



Edward Archard.






EDWARD ARCHARD
. I am proprietor and driver of a hackney coach, and live in Somers-town. I went out with my coach on the morning of the 10th of October, and went into the City on business—I was obliged to return home—the waterman recommended Anthony to take care of my horses and coach—he kept out till the following morning—I went in a gig to see what became of them, and met the prisoner with the great-coat on—I jumped out, and accused him of being with the other man as buck—he said he had not—I returned home, and found th«j coach bad come home—a box under the coach was broken open, and a hammer and wrench had been taken out—this is my coat which I found—the prisoner got all the money he could that night.

Prisoner. You said, "Have you seen my coach?"—I said, "Yes, at Charing-cross, and here is your coat"—you never got out of the gig.

Witness. I took you, and gave you in charge.





JOHN ANTHONY
. I am a hackney-coach driver. I went out with Archard's coach on the morning of the 10th of October—I met the prisoner on the stand at London-bridge about five o'clock in the evening—I got drunk, and between seven and eight o'clock the prisoner pulled me out of the coach at Trafalgar-square—he said, Come and have some coffee"—

he said, "I will take care of the coat"—he went off towards Westminster. bridge with it—that is all I saw of him—I was completely drunk—I have no recollection of his driving me about.





WILLIAM MARTIN
. I am pot-boy at the White Bear public-house, King William-street. The prisoner gave me the hammer and screw wrench and asked me to take care of them till he called for them again—they were wrapped in some wash leather.





EDWARD MARKLEW
. I am a licensed victualler. The prisoner frequented my house at times—he was in company with Anthony on Thursday, the 10th of October, at my house—I lost a poker—I did not miss it till I was fetched to the Mansion-house.





JOHN CHARLTON
. I am waiter at Mr. Wright's coffee-shop, at Charing-cross. About six o'clock in the morning the prisoner left the coat and the tools, and said if Mr. Archard should call they were there—I took then in—my master said he would not have them there, and I took them back to the prisoner, who was drinking outside with some men—the coach was not opposite the door—it was on the rank, as far as I know—I did not see the broken pieces of wood or the poker—the prisoner told me these things belonged to Archard, and after I gave him the coat he said, if Archard should call for his coat I was to tell him he would find it at the White Swan public-house, London-bridge.





FRANCIS DRAKE
 (City police-constable, No. 440.) I had information of the robbery on Monday last—I met the prisoner in King William-street that day—I told him I wanted him, and he walked with me to the station-house—I saw the coach before it was driven to Charing-cross, on London-bridge—the prisoner was on; the box, and the coachman was inside, a little is liquor—the prisoner said he would take the coach home—Charing-cross is not in the way from London-bridge to the prosecutor's house—Holborn would have been nearer—the prisoner pretended to drive the coach home about twelve o'clock.

Prisoner. I had the coat on my shoulder—the driver would not take the coat home, nor the tools—I left the tools at the coffee-shop, and said would take the coat as far as King William-street, and if the owner comes he can have it—I met the prosecutor, and he said, Have you seen my coach?"—I said, "Yes, it is at Charing-cross, and here is your coat"—I went to the policeman of my own accord, because I knew I was innocent.





EDWARD ARCHARD

re-examined. No, I took you, and gave you in charge.

Prisoner's Defence. Anthony had treated me and another man, and then he put the coach in the rank—he gave me the coat to take care of, because the prosecutor should not lose it—I left word that the owner might find me at the Swan public-house—I was going to take the coat to leave at the bar there—I did not know where the prosecutor lived.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.
