





1864. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of August
, 1 sovereign, 9 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        John 
                        Willson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN WILLSON. I am a hair-dresser
, and live at South Ockenden, Essex. On the 29th of August I came from Purfleet, in a steam-boat; the prisoner was on board with another man and woman - after we landed we went to the Black Horse, near Tower-Hill


; the prisoner proposed to play a game; thimbles were placed on the table; I changed half a sovereign there - I then had a sovereign and 9s. 6d.; I left the room to go into the yard, and as I came back, I met the prisoner and the other man - the other man seized my throat - the prisoner put his hand into my waistcoat pocket, and the other hand in my trousers pocket, and they took from me all my money and a key; two soldiers came in, and the prisoner was secured - the other man ran away; I missed the sovereign from my waistcoat pocket, and the 9s. 6d. from my trousers.
Prisoner. Q. Do you remember ringing the bell for the waiter asking him to fetch a constable, and charging me with stealing half a sovereign? A. After taking a pint of ale, I was dozing, and found the prisoner about my person, but not, at the moment, recollecting changing the half-sovereign, I said he had taken it - they talked of sending for a constable, not me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BARLOW
               



            . I am a private in the ColdstreamGuards. I was at the Black Horse, and saw Willson come through the tap-room - the prisoner and another followed him - I saw the prisoner meet Willson coming in at the door, the other man got in the rear, but he was in front of him; I saw him put his hand into his trousers pocket - I saw some silver in the prisoner's hand; he dropped it into his own pocket, as he went through the taproom, and said it was all right; they both went through the tap-room into the street - the prosecutor called out that he was robbed; I ran after the prisoner - both ran up the street as hard as they could - the prisoner finding me gain on him, made a kind of a halt; I collared him, and I gave him in charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALL
               



            . I belong to the Guards. I saw the prosecutor come from the tap-room, and go into the back yard - the prosecutor and another man came through the tap-room, and said, "Come, friend, let us have another pot;" he said, "No, I'll not be in your company any longer;" the other man threw 6d. on the table, and said,"Never mind, I'll pay for a pot, I don't want you to pay at all; Willson wanted to go, but the prisoner caught him round the waist, and the other put his hand into his pocket - I afterwards followed them out, and saw them secured.
Prisoner. Q. Had the other man hold of him while I was robbing him? A. Yes.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAM MORGAN
               



            . I received the prisoner in charge; I found one half-sovereign in his waistcoat pocket, and 2s. 6d. and a key in his trousers pocket - the prosecutor claimed the key as belonging to a padlock.
JOHN WILLSON. That is my key.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor called for a glass of ale; I stopped there till he charged me with robbing him - he sent the waiter for a constable, then called him back again, and said the money was all right - he was intoxicated; I went after him to put my hat on, and sat him on the seat - as I went out, I heard somebody call Stop thief! and turned round.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35 - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
