





597. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  BEAZELEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of January
, 1 watch, value 20s., and 1 watch-chain, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jeremiah 
                           Connor
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JEREMIAH 
                  CONNOR
               



            . On the 24th of January, after eight o'clock in the evening, I was in the Commercial-road


 - I was going home, and slipped down; the prisoner and four or five more came up - they all went off but the prisoner; she wiped me, and asked if I was hurt - I said No; she said I must be hurt, and I had better go in and rest myself - I was going into a house to treat her, when she took my watch, and ran off; I followed her, but some men and women got before me and prevented me - I saw the prisoner take the watch from my pocket with her left hand; I have never seen it since - I described her, and the officer took her.
Prisoner. Q. Were you not in company with three or four different girls before you met me? A. No - I was going home, and was sober.


                  JAMES 
                  SYMONDS
               



            . I am a patrol. The witness gave me information - I knew the prisoner, and went to look for her; she absconded that night, but I found her at two o'clock on Tuesday morning - I knocked at the door, and some girl said, "What do you want?" I said, "I want to speak to the mistress of the house" - I heard two persons come down stairs and whisper together; I then heard a back door unbolted and bolted again; another girl opened the street door, and I accused her of letting a girl out at the back-door - she said she had not; I went into the yard, and there was no one there - I got over the fence, and found the prisoner in another house; I took her, and put her with three or four other girls - the prosecutor pointed her out.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to fill the kettle.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
