





1231. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CHAPMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of August
, 1 half-sovereign; 4 half-crowns; 20 shillings; and 2 sixpence
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Bodger
                  




               
            .
JOHN BODGER. I lived at Mr. McGregor's, a publican at the Horse-guards


 - the prisoner had lived there before me; I took his situation as 
pot-boy


 there - on the 21st of August, early in the morning, I missed thirty-one shillings in silver, and a half-sovereign - I know the prisoner had been there the evening before, and he had asked me to lend him 5s. which I refused to do; he bade me good night, and I saw no more of him - when I went to bed, I put my money in the right hand corner of my box, which stood in the kitchen - I locked the box, put the key into my right-hand waistcoat pocket, and went to bed in the room above the kitchen - in the morning I found the key was in my left pocket - I suspected something; I went to the box, unlocked it, and missed the money stated, 2l. 1s.; 1l. 0s. 6d. was left - when I went to bed I put my waistcoat on a bench by the side of the door, and in the morning the coat and waistcoat had been taken from that bench and put on the other side - I told my mistress when I missed my money, and the prisoner was taken on the 23rd from the information of a soldier, who was on duty, and had seen him get in at a window which leads to one of the tap rooms, from whence he could get to the bed-room and to the kitchen.
Prisoner. Did you not tell me you had not a farthing? Witness. No, I said I had not a farthing to spare - the money all belonged to my master for beer.
COURT. Q. The prisoner had left your master's family? A. Yes; he had no business in the house at all.


                  HENRY 
                  KIND
               



            . I am a private in the 2nd battalion of the 1st regiment of guards. I went on guard on the night in question, at a quarter before twelve o'clock, and at about half-past twelve o'clock the prisoner came to me at my box, near the prosecutor's door; he asked if the people at the public-house were gone to bed; I said I thought not as there was a light in the house - he said it was of no consequence, he could get in as they had left the window open for him - I thought he lived there, as I knew he had lived there before - he said he had got in at the window before - he opened the window, went in, and shut it down, and I saw no more of him till he was at Bow-street.


                  EDMUND 
                  LARKIN
               



             (police-constable T 104). I took the prisoner; I found half-a-crown on him.
Prisoner's Defence. When I left, the prosecutor told me if I was out of place, to come and sleep there, which I did for six nights - he told me of a situation, which I went and got, but I returned there to sleep that night - I asked him to lend me 5s., which he said he could not, as he had not a farthing in the world - I then borrowed 6d. of a young man and went away - it was impossible for me to get into the bed-room without being heard.
JOHN BODGER. The prisoner was not in the house in the morning, but the window shutters were open, which I had shut too when I went to bed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
