







1968. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     NORTH
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     EDGAR 
                     BULLOCK
                  




               
             were indicted 


               for stealing, on the 28th of July
, 1 purse, value 6d., and 35 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Hargraves
                        




                     
                  ; and that the said 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Smith
                     



                   had been before convicted of felony
            .
EDWARD HARGRAVES. I am a labouring man
, and live in Tothill-court, Tothill-street, Westminster. On the 28th of July, from one to half-past one o'clock in the morning, I was in Little Tothill-street, near Old Pye-street; I had received this money from a gentleman, and I am sorry to say he gave me a good deal to drink; I was the worse for liquor, but I remember I lost my purse and property - I had been into an eating-house at the corner of Little Tothill-street


, and when I left, the three prisoners went out with me; I do not know whether they went in with me, or after me - I believe I had some conversation with them in the house, but I do not know what about; I am not aware whether there were any other persons with them - we went down the Broadway, and turned down the first street on the left-hand - I was going along, and caught my foot against a stone, and nearly fell down; the three prisoners then seized hold of me, and snatched my purse out of my right-hand waistcoat pocket - it contained one sixpence, thirty-five shillings, and, I think, a shilling or two more; I suppose we had got two hundered yards from the eating-house - I am sure they were all round about me, and they all ran off round the corner immediately, and I saw no more of them; I went like a distracted man back to where I came from, and the eating-house keeper, hearing a noise, said he thought it was somebody outside with the cholera morbus - I told him what it was, and he said he knew the men who were with me when I quitted the house, and if he saw them that morning, he would have them apprehended; he begged of me to go home - I did, and went to bed - in about an hour and a half the Police-officers came to me, and said they had apprehended the men; I went with them- I have not seen my purse since, but I saw a purse with some money in it - I cannot swear that the prisoners are the three men.


                  GEORGE 
                  WOLFF
               



            . I keep the eating-house. The three prisoners came to my house, and had their suppers - the prosecutor came afterwards, and sat down at the same table; he called for some pudding - I brought it, and asked for the money; he refused to give it me, and I took the pudding back - he then took out his purse, laid it on the table, and said," I have money to pay;" he was intoxicated; I then took the things off the table - he put the money into his purse, and went out, and the three prisoners followed him; he came back, and said he was robbed -I took him in, and told the Policemen of it.
Bullock. Q. Was there not a sixpence dropped? A. Yes.


                  THOMAS 
                  CREED
               



             (Police-constable B 99). I took the prisoners, with the assistance of two other officers - I saw them leave the house with the prosecutor at half-past one o'clock in the morning - Bullock had hold of the prosecutor's arm, and the other two followed; I went back, and the keeper of the eating-house told me the prosecutor had some silver about him, and I had better look after them - I went, but lost sight of them; in about a quarter of an hour I passed the eating-house again, and heard of the robbery; I took the prosecutor to the watch-house, to take his name and address - I then went to Union-court, where I knew the prisoners lived; I met two of my brother officers - we went to their house; the door was locked - we stopped till about three o'clock - I was then coming away; my brother officer called me back, and he had the men in custody; I asked if they recollected being at the eating-house, and leaving it with a drunken man - they denied it; I sent for the prosecutor, and he identified them all - I found 11s. 9d. on Smith, 3d. on North, and 1 1/2d. on Bullock.
North. Q. Did I deny being at the cook-shop? A. Yes.
COURT to EDWARD HARGRAVES. Q. Is this receipt your writing? A. Yes, my Lord; I received this money from North's mother (read.)
Received in full of all demands, of Elizabeth North, 1l. 10s., in part of property taken from my person, on Saturday, the 28th of July, against my will, by George North, Thomas Smith, and Edgar Bullock. EDWARD HARGRAYES.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  TIMBRELL
               



            . I am an officer. I know Smith- I have a certificate of his conviction in December, 1825- I was constable of the night when he was taken; I know he is the person.
Smith's Defence. I went into the shop - the prosecutor was there; he called for some pudding, and would not pay for it; he then took out his purse, and shook the money; a 6d. fell out, and Bullock gave it to him.
North's Defence. I went to a friend's between seven and eight o'clock; I had something to drink, and staid till nearly one - on my way home I went to this shop, and had a basin of soup, and some bread; I then went home, and found my wife was not at home - I went to my mother's, who said my wife was gone home; as I was going home I met the officers; they put a light before my face, and let me pass - I went on home, and when I got there the officers came, and took me.
Bullock's Defence. I went to the shop; the prosecutor came in, and called for some pudding; I went to my sister's, as I could not get in at home.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Life
            .
NORTH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
BULLOCK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
