








616. 




THOMAS HICKLING
 and 




WILLIAM LINDWOLD
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Ezekiel John Baker, at 
St. Mary Matfelon, alias Whitechapel, on the 
25th of January, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 11 pistols, value 40l. and 8 guns, value 90l.; his goods: and 



SARAH THATCHER





SOPHIA THATCHER
, and 



THOMAS REED



for feloniously receiving 11 pistols, part of the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen; to which

HICKLING pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 39.

LINDWOLD pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 63.




Transported for Ten Years.





JOHN TILL
. I am shopman to Ezekiel John Baker, who lives in Whitechapel-road, in the parish of St. Mary, Whitechapel. I fastened up the house on Thursday night, the 25th of January, and on Friday morning, the 26th, between eight and nine o'clock, I missed eight guns and eleven pistols, out of glass cases—there were no marks of violence about the place, but I was not the first who entered the counting-house—I had left at five minutes to eight o'clock the evening before, and the guns and pistols were then safe in the counting-house, which is in a yard enclosed with the dwelling-house—it joins the dwelling-house—there is a dining-room over the front shop—you pass through to the back shop, without going into the open air—it is part of the house, and joins the dwelling-house.

Q. Are there rooms over it, which are dwelt in? A. Yes, there are, and it communicates internally with the rooms of the house—I left at five minutes to eight o'clock, on Thursday, the 25th, and missed the gums and pistols next morning.

Q. In consequence of directions from your master, did you get an officer? A. In going for an officer, I saw Hickling in company with one or two more—they parted, and I followed him to Fleur-de-lis-court, Spitalfields—I went then for an officer, and Hickling's brother and himself, and one or two more, came out of the house in Fleur-de-lis-court—we went into the house, and found eight guns there—I had seen Hickling go into that house, and come out—I went for an officer after finding the guns, and took the prisoner Hickling in Wheeler-street.





WILLIAM COLEMAN
 (police-constable H 2.) I was passing through Spitalfields-market on Friday morning, the 26th of January—I went to Fleur-de-lis-court, and saw the witness Till—I went to a house, No. 4, Reeve's place, and searched it, and in an up-stairs room I found a bed and mattrass, covered over with packing-mat, and tied very carefully with packing cord—I found in the mattrass eight guns, which I now produce.

Q. Did you see either of the prisoners, charged as accessaries, at that house? A. No.





JAMES LEA
. I am an officer of Lambeth-street-office. I put some questions to the two Thatchers in consequence of what Hickling told me, and they denied the charge—when I apprehended Lindwold, the prisoner Sarah Thatcher came into the room—she passed as Lindwold's wife then—I asked her if she knew any thing about the pistols—she denied it—I afterwards went to the prisoner Sophia Thatcher, and asked her if Sarah had left any pistols there—she denied that she had—I found no property in the possession of either of the Thatcher's, nor of Reed.





THOMAS CUMMINS
 (police-sergeant H 5.) I went to No. 8, Morgan-street, on Sunday, the 28th of January, and saw the two female prisoners—I said I understood they had the pistols in their possession—they said they had not—I asked if they knew where they were—they said not—I asked if they knew where the prisoner Reed lived—they said they did not,

and were quite sure he knew nothing about the pistols—on Sunday night I went to Reed's lodging, and asked him if he was aware of the robbery at Mr. Baker's—he said he was—I asked if he had any pistols in his possession—he said he had not—I said, "Did not you take them away from Morgan-street?"—he said he did not—I searched his premises, but did not find them there.





WILLIAM WRIGHT
. I live in Hennage-street, Brick-lane. I saw the prisoner Reed on Friday night, the 26th of January—I never saw him before—I saw him then in Morgan-street—he came to No. 8, and beckoned a little girl out—the girl came with a light, and went into the next door—having beard something was missed, I followed them into the next house, out of curiosity—they went into No. 8—I went up stairs into the room where they were, and saw Reed take the pistols away with him.

Q. Who gave them to him? A. Mrs. Thatcher was in the room with him, and she gave them to him—he came down stairs, and went away, and I did not see any more of him.

Q. Was any thing said while you were there? A. There was nothing said at the time, not till after Reed had gone away—Mrs. Thatcher then said she wished Mr. Baker to have the property back again—I went away then—I should know the pistols again if I saw them—there was one bigger than all the rest—(looking at them)—I believe this to be the one I saw—I am certain of it—here is a mark on it which I took notice of.

Q. How came they to let you in to see what was about? A. I followed them in—they did not ask me to go in—I was not a stranger to them, as I knew the sister, who lived next door—in fact, I did not intend to give information—they took no particular notice of my being there—I worked next door.

Q. Did they talk of Mr. Baker in your presence, and never say, "What do you do here?" A. No—they took no notice of me, only when Reed went down he said, "Is there any body there? is it all dear?"—the conversation was not till after Reed had gone away—I was a stranger to these three, but was not strange to the sister of Thatcher—after Reed went away the women came in from next door, and they talked about destroying the property—I said they had better send it back to Mr. Baker, or whoever it belonged to.

Q. They knew you to be a respectable man? A. They did not know any thing against me—they had seen me before, coming backwards and forwards, but not till lately.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Who are you, and what are you? A. I am a box-maker—I carry on my business at No. 5, Hennage-street—I went to Morgan-street to teach a little girl to make light boxes—I was a stranger to Reed—I never saw him before, not till the time I speak of—I took up this pistol, looked at it, and put it down again.

COURT. Q. Did they know you as a thief, or what, that you were so ranch at home there? A. They knew nothing against me—I was not acquainted with them, but I knew the sister who lives next door—I took particular notice of this pistol, and of the finishing of the mark here—I am not a particular judge of pistols.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you a master box-maker? A. Yes—I do not keep any workmen, as trade is so slack—I have been in a very good way of business, and worked for a number of respectable gentlemen in the City—I do not keep a house—I lodge in Hennage-street.


COURT. Q. How long have you lost your business? A. It is not gone—I serve several respectable people in St. Paul's Church-yard—Mr. Jones, Mr. Hall, and Mr. Hoare, the milliners—Mr. Jones would come directly, if you doubt my evidence.





WILLIAM ARGENT
 (police-constable H 126.) In consequence of information I went to a house in Vine-court, Whitechapel, and took the prisoner Sarah Thatcher into custody on the 28th of January—I asked her what she had done with a basket which she had on Friday morning—she said she carried it to a woman in the Commercial-road—I had not seen her with a basket—it was in consequence of information I put the question.

Q. Did you give her any caution that you were putting questions, and that her answers would be given in evidence against her? A. No, not particularly that—I put the question to her from information I had received, but nobody told me to put the question—I got the information from a person named Singleton, in Whitechapel-road—I believe he is a colour-maker—my brother officer, Arnold, was with me at the time.

Q. Well, what did she say? A. She said she gave it to a woman is Commercial-road—I locked her up, and went to No. 7, Morgan-street, Commercial-road—I saw her mother there, but said nothing to her, and, without my saying a word to her, she said that her daughter had brought the basket down to her house—I had not mentioned the basket—she said it entirely of her own accord, without my having said any thing about a basket—she said she would go with my brother officer and me; if I would take a walk down to Prince's-street, Whitechapel, which she did, and said if we would stay a bit she would produce the pistols—we did, and she brought the pistols to us, and delivered them to me—this was in Haydon's-alley, Prince's-street, Whitechapel-road—she went there with us, and got them for us—Arnold was with me.

Q. Do you mean that the woman, merely on seeing you, volunteered to state that the basket was brought there, and the pistols, and that she would go and fetch them, without you telling her what you had come about? A. I did not put any questions at all to her, nor did I hear my brother officer do so—she had been down to the station-house, and seen her daughter after she was locked up.





THOMAS ARNOLD
 (police-constable H 127.) I was with Argent when he took Sarah Thatcher into custody—she denied all knowledge of the pistols at first—she is deaf, but I spoke loud enough for her to hear—she told me she knew nothing about them; but on Argent taking her down to the station-house, I heard her say that they were brought to her house, and she took them to a woman in Commercial-road—I asked if she knew the woman—she said she did not—she was locked up—I afterwards met with the mother, and told her it was a bad job for her daughter—she said it was and if I would stop a little while she would go and fetch the pistols.

Q. Then it is not true that nothing was said to her? A. I said it was a bad job for her daughter—I do not know whether Argent heard that—he was behind me—she brought the pistols, and delivered them to me, and said that her daughter brought them to the house.

Q. Did you say any thing to induce her to admit that she had them, and then to fetch them? A. She did not admit that she had them till I received them—she said she would go and try and find them for me—she did not say she had them—neither the young woman nor her mother said that they knew what was in the basket that was brought; but when the

old woman brought the pistols forward, she said the pistols were brought to her—she said they were brought in the basket, and she burnt the basket—she did not say that she had opened the basket—the young woman said she did not know what was in it—the elder prisoner said that she took the pistols out, and destroyed the basket—she mentioned this in the station-house in the presence of me and several others—I did not mention that before the Magistrate.

SARAH THATCHER—


NOT GUILTY
.

SOPHIA THATCHER—


NOT GUILTY
.

THOMAS REED—


NOT GUILTY
.
