



335. 




JOHN SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
23rd of December, 1 tea-chest, value 1s.; and 94lbs. of coffee, value 8l.; the goods' of 



Thomas Pickford and others.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



John Richard Andrews.






JOSEPH MOROE
. I am porter to Thomas Pickford and Co. I received from Ridgway, Dakin, and Co., about half-past six o'clock on the night of Friday, the 23rd of December, a tea-chest, to go to the wharf at the City Basin—I placed it on the copse of my cart—I went from there to Newbery's, for a bale of silk—I left my cart at the door while I went in, and when I came back the tea-chest was gone—this is it—it corresponds with the others which I had in the cart.





SAMUEL PAGE
. I am packer to Messrs. Ridgway, Dakin, and Co. I packed 941bs. weight of coffee in a tea-chest—it was worth 8l.—I directed it, and it was to be given to Moore, but I did not give it him—this is the one I packed—it has my mark on it.





ANTHONY REPTON
. About half-past six o'clock on the evening of the 23rd of December, I was at the bottom of Fore-street. I saw a cart opposite the silk-shop there—I saw the prisoner take the chest off the copse of the cart, and drop it on the shaft—he then took it in his arms, ran across the street, and very nearly hit my horse's head—I though it was not right, and jumped over the copse of my cart—he made a stumble at the pavement, and nearly fell down, and dropped the chest—I told Cowburn to take charge of the chest—I pursued and took the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not say, "I wish you could catch the rascal, he just knocked me down," and you said, "Come along with me"—I said, "Do not collar me, I will go any where," and you took me round the corner, and said to Cowburn, "Is this him?" he said, "I think it is." A. He was at the corner of Coleman-street before me—I am positive you are the man that took the chest—I took you and brought you back.






HENRY COW BURN
. I saw the prisoner carry the chest in front of him—I said, "Halloa, what have you got there?"—he dropped it, and I took it up—Repton brought the prisoner back in less than two minutes.

Prisoner. Q. What made you say you thought it was me? A. I did not—I was sure it was you—I have not the least doubt of it.

Prisoner's Defence. A lady saw me knocked down—her name is Mary Jones—she was asking me the way to some street, and I was telling her, as a man knocked me down—I showed my coat next day to the officer, with mud on it.




GUILTY
.* Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
