







Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
848. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PIPER
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WALLIS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WALLIS
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering a building, within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Edwin 
                           Hill
                        



                     
                   and others, and stealing 1 saw, value 1s.; 2 gimblets, value 2d., and 1 hammer, value 6d., the goods of the said Edwin Hill and others; 1 pair of shoes, value 3s., and one round frock, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Cox
                        



                     
                  ; 1 waistcoat, value 2s.; 1 razor, value 9d., and 4 ounces weight of tobacco, value 9d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Walker
                        



.
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.


                  EDWIN 
                  HILL
               



            . I live at Bruce Castle, Tottenham


. I have more than one partner
; Cox and Walker were employed in our garden - there is a garden-house, used for keeping tools, within the ring-fence of our premises; it is about one hundred yards from our house, but within the wall.
GEORGE COX. I was in the employ of Messrs. Hill and others at Tottenham; I worked there three years, and know the garden-house very well - I remember finding it open one morning, but I cannot tell the day; I had fastened it the night before, as I did every night; it was broken open - when I fastened it at six o'clock in the evening, there was a saw, two gimblets, and a hammer, belonging to Mr. Hill, a round frock and a pair of shoes belonging to me, and a waistcoat belonging to Walker - at a quarter-past six o'clock in the morning I found it open, and these things were gone; the window was shut and fastened the night before, but there was a hole - the glass was broken; I do not know the prisoner.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. Are you paid for your work there? A. Yes - I am a pauper; the officers pay me - I am not paid by Mr. Hill; I believe this was after Christmas; I think I can swear it was - I had not seen the prisoners there; I did not see this property again till last week.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALKER
               



            . I was employed with Cox at this place; I went to the shed between six and seven o'clock in the morning, just after him - there was snow on the ground, and I saw the foot marks of two men; the heel of one looked a good deal larger than the other; I traced them to the bottom of the garden, and then they got over the wall - I did not try to trace them any farther.
Cross-examined. Q. Where were the marks? A. Down one side; we traced them about twenty rods from the window - the snow was all over the place; Cox locked up the garden-house in my presence - we took the key to Mr. Hill, and we did so every night; I am sure the marks were of men's feet.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Were the foot marks close up to the building? A. Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I am constable of Tottenham. On the 27th of February I searched Piper's house, behind the Roebuck, at Tottenham - I found this saw and two gimblets there; he was then in custody.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see his wife? A. Yes, she did not show them to me - I took several duplicates from her, but did not take her into custody.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you take any notice of the feet of either of them? A. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wallis
               



             wears a very thicksoled shoe, having had his thigh broken - I have seen him wear such a shoe; the sole is high as well as the heel - it would make the same impression as a thin one.


                  JAMES 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am constable of Tottenham. I searched the house of the Wallis' - they live together at Tottenham; I found this waistcoat there - 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wallis
               



             had left before I went; I took him near Buntingford, in Hertfordshire, on the 4th of March - in coming home he said he was very sorry that he ran away, but he was in hope he should not be taken; I found him in bed - he called me up and said he knew my voice, and knew what I wanted him for; I have not noticed his foot.
MR. HILL re-examined. Q. Did you ever notice the elder Wallis' feet? A. Yes, he was digging on my ground about a year ago, and he wore a thin shoe to make equality - that would make a different impression on snow; I know this saw to be mine - I do not know the gimblets.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know when they were last safe? A. No; I cannot say whether I have lost saws before, it is very likely I may.


                  GEORGE 
                  COX
               



            . I know this saw well and this small gimblet - they were in the shed.
Cross-examined. Q. How many tools were there? A. I suppose half a dozen spades, shovels, and pick-axes.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALKER
               



            . This is my waistcoat, and was in the shed on the night in question - here is where I had cut three buttons off it.
JURY. Q. How long had you had it? A. Three-quarters of a year - it is such as the parish officers furnish to paupers; it is darned in the sleeve.


                  William 
                  Wallis
               



            's Defence. My mother can swear she darned it herself.


                  ESTHER 
                  WALLIS
               



            . I am the daughter of Thomas Wallis; I know this waistcoat; my mother bought it twelve months ago last Friday, in Petticoat-lane, for 2s. 6d. - I know it again; I remember the officer taking it away.
COURT. Q. Do you remember the day of the month? A. Yes, it was twelve months ago last Friday - it was too small for my father, and my mother darned it; I do notknow that it was worn out at one of the pockets - I know Petticoat-lane very well; I then lived with a person named Thorn, in the Dog-row, a broom-maker - I took a walk with my mother to buy it; I do not know whether this is the colour they wear at Tottenham.


                  ELEANOR 
                  LAWRENCE
               



            . My husband is a carpenter, and lives at No. 9, Queen-street. This saw was broken by 
               
                  William 
                  Piper
               



            , at St. Katharine's Docks, and he had to pay for it; it belonged to a carpenter, who came for 2s. 6d. for it, and I saw Piper's wife pay it - I was sitting in her house at the time; this was three years ago, when the Docks began.
MR. BODKIN. Q. What is your husband? A. A carpenter, and he works for Mr. Slater, in Hackney-road - he was discharged some time ago when they were slack, but he is gone back again; I am sister-in-law to Piper - I did not look at the saw myself, but I heard them say there was the name of Hill on it. I do not know Mr. Hill, of Tottenham.
COURT. Q. Were you before the Magistrate? A. No; I did not hear that an out-house had been broken open; I heard my brother was taken up - I now live at No. 9, Queen-street, Clerkenwell; it was three years ago he broke this saw.
THOMAS WALKER re-examined. Q. Did you have the accident to break this saw? A. Yes, sawing an appletree two years ago, and I kept it back some time that Mr. Hill might not see it - it is called a lock-saw.
T. WALLIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 50.
PIPER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Life
            .
W. WALLIS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
