





1578. 
               
                  
                     ELEANOR 
                     FROST
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of September
, 4 sovereigns, and 10 shillings
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Sheppard
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  SHEPPARD
               



            . I am a stone-mason
, and live at Twickenham. On the 5th of September I fell in with the prisoner in Tothill-street


; she accosted me, and I went to a lodging with her - I went to bed with her, and hung my trousers on the bedstead; she blew out the light, and I heard the trousers fall on the floor - I asked her if it was my trousers falling on the floor; she said No, only my waistcoat - she then got into bed, but did not stop more than five minutes; she then got out, and walked round the bed- she came into bed again, but did not stay more than five or six minutes; she then got out, and I heard money rattle - she then went out of the room; I got up and found my trousers on the floor, and four sovereigns and 10s. gone from the pocket, which I know were safe when I went in; I had given her 2s., and paid 1s. for the room - she had taken her clothes with her, but had not put them on; I got to the door, and found it fastened outside - I gave an alarm- she was taken the same night; I opened the window, and let myself down.


                  GEORGE 
                  DISSPANE
               



            . I am an officer. I saw the prisoner about half-past eleven o'clock on Sunday night week, running across the Almonry, in her shift; she took shelter in No. 25 - I went to the place she seemed to come from, and saw the prosecutor, who said he had been robbed; I went and took the prisoner - she gave me her pocket, and said that was all the money she had; I found 4l. 10s. in it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
