





Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
1185. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ROSE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of March
, 2 bushels of potatoes, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Dell
                  




               
            .
MR. CHURCHILL conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  MUNRO
               



            . I am servant to Mr. William Dell - he lives at Teddington


. On the night of the 22nd of March, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I heard footsteps going down the gateway, into the garden - my master's potato-warehouse is in the cellar - when I got up, at six, I went into the cellar, and saw the potatoes, which were not in the same state in which they were the night before - they had then been up to the cill of the door; about two bushels were then gone - the prisoner was in my master's regular employ; he used to dig the ground, and do any thing.
Cross-examined by MR. RYLAND. Q. You had seen the potatoes the day before? A. Yes, in the evening - I did not know what quantity there were precisely - I thought there looked to be less than there was the night before.
MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Was the way in which you heard footsteps, leading to the prisoner's house? A. Yes.
CHARLOTTE FIELDER. I live at Teddington - my backyard joins Mr. Dell's garden. On the evening of the 21st of March, at twenty minutes to twelve o'clock, my dog barked; I looked out to see what was the matter; I saw the prisoner getting over Mr. Dell's wall with a sack, which appeared to be potatoes; the night was very light - I had a good opportunity of seeing him, and am quite certain he was the man; I saw him go into his own house - he then came out, spoke to the dog, and the dog was quiet; the dog was acquainted with him, though he might not know his footsteps.
COURT. Q.How near is that wall to the pales? A. The length of the garden is perhaps a hundred yards - I am quite sure it was the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q.Are you married? A. Yes, my husband lives with me, but he was from home that night; I have three children - the barking of the dog disturbed them; two of them were ill, and had only been put into bed a few minutes before, out of a warm-bath; Mr. Nash had not been passing the evening with me - I do not know his motive for coming; he came, and staid some few minutes; I had been insulted by him before - I told him to walk out, and he went out directly after the robbery was committed; he had not seen all that I did - he saw him go into his own back door, but he was very much in liquor at the time; I saw the prisoner get over the wall with the sack - it had all the appearance of having potatoes in it; I could certainly see that the sack was not smooth - the prisoner had to pass me at my door; he might be about five yards from me - it is a half-sash door, and was a little ajar; the door is frequently open - I have frequent business out in my yard, and at my pump; Nash remained some few minutes after I had seen the prisoner, till I prevailed on him to go out: the prisoner lived next door to me for four or five months - I do not know whether there was any search made on his premises; I had no hand in this proceeding against the prisoner - I only told Mr. Dell what I had seen.
WILLIAM DELL. I am a market-gardener
, and live at Teddington - the prisoner was in my employ. I received information, and had him taken into custody in three or four days or a week afterwards; he continued in my service for one day afterwards, and he came on the Monday and asked for work - I told him I would not employ a man who got into my place at such unseasonable hours.
Cross-examined. Q.When did you take out a warrant for the articles? A. It might be a week or a fortnight afterwards; I do not think it was longer - I had not stated publicly that I had any accusation against him; when I refused to employ him he said directly, "Is it me?" and three or four more said, "Is it me?" then he went to Mr. Gye's, and sent me a lawyer's letter - he threatened to bring an action against me for slander, arising from this very charge - I did not attempt to get the warrant till he had given me notice of bringing the action.
Prisoner. Q. I wish to ask Mrs. Fielder whether she was at the window or in the room? A. I was at the back door.
MR. RYLAND called -
EDWARD NASH. I know the prosecutor, also his premises, and Mrs. Fielder's. I happened to be at Mrs. Fielder's on the night of the 21st of March, but I cannot say what I went for; there is a path that runs down between Mrs. Fielder's and Rose's garden - I was in the ground floor room; there is a window, which looks into the road - it is a very small one; it is about up to my breast - a person could see about halfway down Rose's garden from there - I do not think it is possible to see the wall of Mr. Dell's garden; I do not think you could see a man getting over that wall, and I do not think it is possible for a man to get over with a sack- there is a door that goes out of the shop, and a door that goes into the bake-house; there is one door that goes in the same direction with the window - I cannot say whether it was open; there is no door which, if it was open, a person could see more of the garden than they could from the window - I should think I was there between eleven and twelve o'clock; I cannot say whether Mrs. Fielder left the room while I was there - she was in the same room, but she might have left it; I might be there half an hour - I know Rose; I lodged with him very nearly two years; I saw him that night go with a sack - that was before I left Mrs. Fielder's - he came from up his garden, I thought from his pigsty; Mr. Dell's wall is at the back of the pig-sty - I saw him within a yard or a yard and a half of his own back door, and he went into his own house - this was while I was in the room with Mrs. Fielder; I cannot exactly say whether it was moon-light or not - the sack did not seem to have any thing heavy in it - it did not seem like potatoes - it was too light for potatoes.
COURT. Q. What time was this? A.Between eleven and twelve o'clock - I cannot tell whether it was a three or four bushel sack, but it seemed nearly full; I should think it contained between three and four bushels - I do not know that it was not potatoes; I have no reason to think about it, but, by the way he carried it, I think it is impossible it could contain potatoes or coals, he seemed to carry it so easily; I have not mistaken the hour - he was about five yards from Mrs. Fielder's promises; she was in the room - she tapped me on the shoulder, and said, "Do you see any thing, Nash?" then I looked and saw him within a yard and a half of his own back door - he was about twenty yards from the wall; Rose is a retail publican, and keeps good hours.
MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Were you lodging with him at this time? A. No - I have left him some months; there is a little gate which goes from Mrs. Fielder's back yard into her garden.
JOHN TILLEY. I know the prisoner. On Monday evening, the 21st of March, I was at his house pretty late, and asked if he could accommodate me to sleep; he said he had no spare bed, but he would make me a bed in his beer-shop with a sack of chaff - this was about twelve o'clock; he went out at his back door, which led down to his garden - there is a pig-sty at the bottom of his garden, and there is a wall as high as a good tall man; he went that way, brought in a sack of chaff, and made my bed - he had been gone about three minutes; then he went to his bed, and I to mine.
COURT. Q.What sort of chaff was it? A. Oat chaff - I will not swear there was no clover, or any common hay; the sack was full - I did not empty any out; it was tied pretty tight - I slept on the top of it; I did not take off my clothes - I slept very soundly, and got up at six o'clock in the morning; I had no night-cap - my back was not sore; I had a good night's real, what little timeI did lay - I slept the next night in the same house on the same sack; I had no blankets.
JOHN COOPER. I am a working man. I live near the prisoner - I heard of this robbery, but I do not know the day it happened; it was in March, and I think about the 21st; shortly before that he had applied to me for a sack of chaff to make him a mattress, and I sold him one; that was in February - I delivered it to him in a sack, which was full; a young man carried it to his premises - I did not go to his premises to see where it was deposited; I went and took the money for it, the same night that it went - I did not see where it was put; I know the wall between his garden and the next - I should think it is six feet high.
COURT. Q. What night was it? A. It was on a Saturday - I asked my master if I might get this man a sack of chaff; it was a whole sack - it was between six and seven o'clock when I took it in; I am no scholar, but it was in February - I cannot give any account how it was tied round; a man could sleep on it very nicely.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
