





169. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     COTTERELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        Henry John 
                        Medley
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TOOL
               



            . I live in Hatfield-street, and am a shoemaker. On the 8th of November I was in Holborn


, and saw the prisoner and another person - I watched them for some time, and saw them attempt several gentlemen's pockets; they then came to the prosecutor and followed him some time - the prisoner at last took a handkerchief from his pocket; they turned back and walked away - I sent a person to tell the gentleman; I followed the prisoner - I saw him put the handkerchief into his hat; I then took him; he struggled very much - Medley then came up and took him the other got away.


                  PEDDER 
                  DAY
               



            . I was with Tool, I saw the prisoner and another, and as the prosecutor was crossing Gray's Inn-lane, the prisoner took his handkerchief, and put it into his hat - I had seen them attempt several pockets before.


                  HENRY 
                  JOHN MEDLEY
               



            . I lost this handkerchief on the 8th of November.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked up the handkerchief against a window; a gentleman who was going by, said,"What is it, a handkercheif, my lad?" I said yes; I put it into my hat, and was going along - when the gentleman saw there was a little bit of a mob he came back, and told him not to interfere; he gave his card at the station.
THOMAS TOOL. There was a person who wanted me to let him go - I have not got the card he gave - I am quite sure the prisoner took the handkerchief.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
