



1598. 




DAVID FORBES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of May, at 
Eltham, 1 sheep, price 20s., the property of 



William Morris.—2nd COUNT, for killing, with intent to steal the carcase.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD MORRIS
. My father, William Morris, is a farmer, living at Eltham, in Kent. He had a quantity of sheep on his farm—I had the care of them—I counted them on Saturday, the 20th of May, about eleven or twelve o'clock in the morning, and found them all right then—I did not see any more of them till the Monday morning, about eleven o'clock—when I counted them, and missed one—on looking about, I found the skin, breast, neck, and feet in a shed—I took possession of them—Barry, the police man, came to me on the Tuesday, and compared two shoulders, which he brought, to the skin, in my presence—they corresponded entirely—I am satisfied they must belong to the same sheep—the two feet were left in

the skin, and the bone corresponded and fitted—there was blood in the shed in the field, as if it had been killed there—I had no mark on the skin.





JAMES PARRY
 (police-constable R 8.) On Sunday morning, the 21st of May, I was on duty at Deptford, and saw the prisoner about four o'clock in the morning, carrying a cloth containing two shoulders of mutton—I stopped him, and asked what he had—he said, "Meat"—I asked where he had got it—he said he had bought it, and directly afterwards he said, "My brother bought it for me at Woolwich"—I took him to the station-house—the meat was scarcely cold then, and not cut up as a butcher would; and there was some blood on the knee of his trowsers, which appeared fresh—I went to his brother at Woolwich, in consequence of what he told me, and told him what he said to me—I afterwards went to the prosecutor's house, and took the mutton, and was shown the skin with the feet—I fitted them together—they corresponded, and 1 have not the slightest doubt of their belonging to the same sheep.





CHIISTOPHER SAMUELS
. I am a butcher. I saw the mutton in question, and the skin of the sheep—I compared them—they fitted exactly—it is mangled, and cut very badly, and has been cut off as soon it was killed—I have not a doubt of it being the same.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for life.

Before Mr. Recorder.

