





494. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FRANCIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of February
, 1 bridle-bit, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Snape
                  




               
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  SNAPE
               



            . On the 8th of February the prisoner came home to my house - I put the bridle-bit on the table and told my wife to wipe it and put it by while I went to Drury-lane - when I came back it was gone - I have known the prisoner seven or eight years; his father and mother make list shoes.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you give me the bit to take to the corner of Newton-street, and wait till you come? A. No; I did not.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SNAPE
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife - my husband came home with the prisoner - my husband told me to wipe the bit; I did so, and put it on a chair - the prisoner took it up and said he would meet Snape at the corner of Newton-street with it - he took it away rolled up in paper - I had not heard my husband tell him to take it to Newton-street.


                  SAMUEL 
                  SNAPE
               



            . When I heard that he was gone to Newton-street, I went there, but did not see him till Tuesday, when I heard he was taken.


                  RICHARD 
                  CHAPMAN
               



             (police-constable F 18). I took the prisoner - he said he knew nothing of the bit.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor gave me the bit to take to the corner of Newton-street and wait till he came; I took it, and a man came to me and said he came from Mr. Rowley's; I said I came from one of his workmen - he took the bit and gave me 6d. - this woman keeps a bad house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
