



1231. 




DENNIS M'DONALD
 was again indicted

 for stealing on the 
16th of January, 2 pairs of shoes, value 12s., the goods of 




Charles Edwin Kendal.






WILLIAM YEOWILL
. I am shopman to Mr. Charles Edwin Kendall of No, 27, Barbican, a shoe-maker. On Saturday, the 16th of January the prisoner came to the shop, in company with a woman he called his wife—I had to take measure if her for a pair of boots, and he once or twelve called her his wife—it was about seven or eight o'clock—I showed her three or four pairs of boots—they did not buy any thing—but I measured her for a pair—when she put on her own boots, she removed her chair from where it stood, over to a spot were there were some shoes standing, and called the prisoner to lace on her boot—he did so—they then went away—I missed two pairs of shoes from that very spot, on the Monday morning following soon after we opened the shop—about eight or nine o'clock on the Saturday night, they were on the floor, near to where her boot was laced—I made a pair of boots for her—she came on the 23rd of January and paid for them—she was in company with the prisoner—I have since seen a pair of shoes, produced by the inspector of police—they are one of the pairs I missed on the 16th of January—they were boots I made fir the woman—I have seen two other pairs of shoes, produced by Fowler, a pawnbroker—one of them I had missed on the 16th of January—so that I have seen both the pairs which were on the floor near where the prisoner came.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Mr. Kendall is in a large way of business? A. Yes, we keep the shop open till near twelve o'clock—these stood on the floor for show—there were about a dozen pairs of them—I

never charged them with it when they came again—I had not seen the shoes then—one pair of shoes have been worn—I think I saw them the last day of March.





JOHN M'CRAWN
. I am inspector of the G police. The prisoner was brought to the station-house by Peak—he gave his address, No 4, I think. Christopher-square, Long-alley—a tea-caddy was brought by Peak to the station-house—the prisoner gave me the key from his pockets, to open it—we found some duplicated in it—some for the shoes—on the 31st of March I went to his lodging, and found one pair of shoes there, behind the bed—they had been worn—they were shown to the prisoner, he said they were his, and he had bought them in July last—they were women's shoes—I was at Worship-street the day that the witness Yeowill saw the shoes and identified them—they were left there and lost.

MR. YEOWILL
re-examined. I saw a pair of shoes that had been worn—I knew they were the pair we bad lost, as they had our mark on them—any made previously would have another mark on them—there was the name of Kendall on one of the inner soles—visible in each sole—had they been sold they would bear another mark—they were deficient of that mark, which is termed the sale mark—when we sell shoes we mark them—I lost a pair of shoes in November—this is one pair that we lost on the 16th of January, which have not been worn—here is Mr. Kendall's name on them—we lost two pairs like them.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. But there is nothing to show that these shoes were lost on the 16th? A. I cannot say that—but they were in the shop on the 16th—I observed this particular pair—that night after dark, I looked round to see that all was right, and I took up this particular pair—each pair bears a different mark—these are numbered—they were safe about five o'clock—I did not expect to see them again.





CHARLES FOWLER
. I am in the service of Mr. Attenborough, a pawnbroker, of Crown-street, I got these shoes from a lad of the name of Tyne—one pair on the 23rd of November, another on the 19th of January.





HARRY TYRER M'DONALD
. I shall he nine years old on the 7th of July. The prisoner is my uncle—he gave me a pair of shoes to pawn in July—I pawned none in January I did not give the name of John Tyne—he never asked me my name, but put it down by guess—I never pawned shoes for any body but my uncle.





CHARLES FOWLER
. He told me his name—I knew him before—I had sent him back two or three times, but his mother came and said he was twelve years old, and that it was very hard we would not take it of him—but I asked him the question this time, I will be in my oath—I knew his father and mother—I put down the date correctly, on the 19th of January.





JOHN M'CRAWN

re-examined. Among the duplicates I found are the duplicated of these shoes.





CHARLES FOWLER
. This is the duplicate I gave on the 19th of January.





JOSEPH DELL
. I pointed out the lodgings the prisoner occupied to the officer—I did not know what he had in the room—I had never observed this tea-caddy.

Prisoner. This tickets of these shoes I bought for a shilling each in July—I never saw the contents of the tickets till at the office—I intended to take out my license with the produce of the tickets—I know nothing about those shoes.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
