



1409. 




SUSAN OVER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
8th of June, 1 pocket—book, value 6d.; and 1 handkerchief value 6d.; the goods of 



Harriet Bagley; and 20 sovereigns, the monies of 



Warwick Bagley, her master.






WARWICK BAGLEY
. I am a market—gardener, and life at West—Dray ton, Middlesex. The prisoner was in my service for about twelve months—I had found the drawer in my bed—room open three times, and supposed I had lost money—I took the money out of that drawer, and put it into another, in the parlour, which was stronger—last Friday week I found that drawer open—the ward of the lock was bent very much, and some part of it was broken—I had left it locked—I could not get the key round, and the drawer came open—I had a quantity of sovereigns in a bag there, but I had not counted them, and cannot say how many were gone—on the Sunday following the 8th of June, the prisoner's sister came, and went with her to church—when they came home from church in the afternoon, her sister asked Mrs. Bagley if she would let her go and see the rail—road—at that time I suspected she had taken the money, for we had searched her box, and found some things belonging to me in it, but no money—I suspected

she had the money about her, and, to detain her, Mrs. Bagley told to get tea ready—in the meantime I sent for a constable, and, at she was coming out of the gate with her sister, to go to the railroad, he stopped her, and brought her back into the kitchen—I told her I wished to search her things, that our drawers had been broken open, and we had found some things belonging to us in her box—the constable said, "She has given her sister something; what is it? let me see"—the sister brought forward a pocket—book—my daughter was there, and she said, "That is mine"—it contained nine sovereigns and eleven half—sovereigns—I asked her how she came by that money—she said she took it out of my drawer—I said, "You did, did you? you have opened my drawer before; how many times did you open it?"—she said, "Three times"—I said, "How much money did you take out?"—she said, "I don't know"—I said, "Do you think you have taken 5l.?"—she said, "I don't know"—I said, More than 1l.?"—she said, "Between 4l. and 5l"—I asked her what she had done with the money—she said she had given one woman 1l., at different times, and another woman, named Parrott, 1l. at different times, and also bought clothes and different things for that woman, and that was the way she got rid of the money.





JOHN LINTLE
. I am a constable of Drayton. Mr. Bagley sent for me on the Sunday, and I found the prisoner there—he charged her with having things in her box, and likewise said he had suspicion that she had taken some money out of his drawer, which had been broken open—she put her hand into her pocket, and gave something to her sister—I called the sister back, and asked what the prisoner had given her—she said she did not know—I said, "Let me see"—I took this pocket—book away from her, and found in it nine sovereigns and eleven half-sovereigns—I asked the prisoner how she came"by them—she said she had taken them from her master, out of the parlour drawer, and said she had opened it with a false key four times—I afterwards searched her, and found this purse, containing 8s. 9d., in her pocket—I asked her how she came by that, and she said it belonged to her master, all but two or three halfpence.

MR. BAGLEY
re—examined. This pocket—book is my daughter Harriet's, and also this handkerchief, which was found in the prisoner's box—it has my daughter's name on it.

Prisoner's Defence. The washerwoman who came there asked me if I had any money—I said no, and she told me where to get the money, and advised me to get it.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Recorder.
