






1222. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     BRANDON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     GOODE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing on the 19th of July
, 1 basket, value 1s.; and 48lbs of cherries, value 4s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles Barrington 
                     Jacobs
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  AUGUSTUS JACOBS
               



            . I am assistant to my uncle, Charles Barrington Jacobs, fruit-salesman
, Farringdon-market


. On the 19th of July, I saw the prisoner, Goode, take a sieve of cherries off the stand - he took it to his basket, and Brandon emptied it into their basket, and Goode ran away with it on his head, leaving our basket behind - Brandon came walking by the stand - my uncle called him several times, he would not answer, and he went and collared him - Goode was brought back with the cherries.
Brandon. I was helping a man there with a load; he said, Jacobs wanted me - I went to him, and he said,"Who pays for the cherries?" I said, I knew nothing about them; it is common to help each other to empty our fruit. Witness. Brandon did not attempt to go away; he said something about the person outside (Goode I suppose,) paying for them - Goode ran away directly he took them - Brandon did say he thought they were sold - my uncle said, "What have you done with the sieve of cherries?" and he said something about the other person settling it.


                  JAMES 
                  VERYAN
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Jacobs. I went after Goode - he ran up Bear-alley with a basket of cherries on his head - I stopped him with them and made him carry them back.
Brandon. Q. As I came here did you not say you believed I was innocent? A. No; I did not.
Brandon's Defence. I went to the Borough-market to buy, and came to Farringdon-market with a young man who I always work with - I never work with this prisoner - when I was taken, I had no money, but my partner had the money and was in the act of buying two sieves of cherries of Jacobs at the time, my baskets stood just by - this prisoner asked me to help the cherries out, which I did; and then helped another man, with two sieves more, and I did not see where Goode was gone.
JAMES VERYAN. They don't generally empty the fruit themselves - they look at it to see whether it is dry and sound; and if it is good - the basket belonged to Goode I suppose.


                  CHARLES 
                  AUGUSTUS JACOBS
               



            . The basket belonged to one of the prisoners - I don't know which brought it to the spot.


                  Thomas 
                  Harper
               



             and 
               
                  John 
                  Edwards
               



            , butchers, Bethnal-green, gave the prisoner, Goode, a good character.


                  CHARLES 
                  AUGUSTUS JACOBS
               



             re-examined. I had not noticed either of them in the market before - I had not dealt with Brandon that morning - we lose five or six sieves of fruit a week, in this sort of way - they never empty the fruit out till they have bought it.
GOODE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BRANDON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
