





1842. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JUDD
                  




               
             (THE YOUNGER) was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of June
, 1 purse, value 6d.; 4 sovereigns, two 10l. Bank-notes, and one 5l. Bank-note, the property of 
                     
                        Thomas Philip 
                        Davis
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Kingsford
                        



.
MR. PHILLIPS. conducted the prosecution.
THOMAS 
               
                  PHILIP 
                  DAVIS
               



            . On the 30th of June I was just outside the Red Cow, at Hammersmith


, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night - 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Kingsford
               



             was with me; she had two 10l. notes, one 5l. note, and four sovereigns of mine - I had seen the prisoner about half a mile before we got to that public-house, and he went there with us; he was a stranger to me - we were in the public-house for a quarter of an hour; there were candles there, and I had a full opportunity of seeing his person - I am quite sure he is the man; we came out together, and soon afterwards I fell down (being lame) - the prisoner held me up in his arms till I was half up; he then ran off as fast as ever he could; I was not exactly sober, but was perfectly sensible to know every transaction - he had not shown any anxiety in the public-house to get away, but when he had got me half up he said, "I shall be locked out, I must run as fast as I can;" soon after he was gone Kingsford complained of the loss of my money - I saw the prisoner a few days afterwards, in Hammersmith: I got off the coach which I was on, and gave him and Hammond into custody - I saw the prisoner searched; a silver watch and 7s. 11d. was found on him - I told the officer that I took him for robbing Kingsford of 29l., and the prisoner said, "You remember I was by myself on Thursday night."


                  SARAH 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am sister of the prosecutor. I gave him two 10l. notes and one 5l. note on the 30th of June, which I had got out of the Court of Chancery.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  KINGSFORD
               



            . On the 30th of June I was with Mr. Davis; he gave me two 10l. notes, a 5l. note, and four sovereigns in a purse - we went to the Red Cow; I saw the prisoner there - I had a full opportunity of viewing his features; I am confident he is the man - on going out Mr. Davis fell down; I stopped to assist him, and the prisoner stopped to assist me - he then ran off as fast as he could towards Hammersmith; I called to him, he said he must go, or he should be locked out of his lodging - soon after he was gone I put my hand into my bosom, and missed the purse and all the money; I have not seen it since - we had some ale at the Red Cow.
COURT. Q. What are you? A. I am servant with Mr. Davis; he at that time lived at Hammersmith - we had been to London that day; he has frequently given me his money to take care of - I opened the purse when he gave it me, and counted the money before his face; I am quite confident it did not fall out of my bosom - it must have been picked out, but I did not feel it taken; I had put it low down while we were in the public-house - the prosecutor asked if I had the money safe; I told him to put his hand to my bosom, and he would be convinced, which he did - the prisoner saw that.


                  RICHARD 
                  HAMMOND
               



            . I was in the street with the prisoner, and Mr. Davis gave him and me into custody; I had known him a great while, and on the day before we were taken he had given me two 10l. notes, and one 5l. note, to get changed for him - I changed one of them at Mr. Munday's, a cheesemonger, at Kensington, and I changed the 5l. at Mr. Brown's, at Knightsbridge - the prisoner asked me to get them changed for him; I did not give it a thought why he could not change them himself - he told me he had found them, but did not say where.
COURT. Q. Did he give you the three notes at once? A. No, at different times - he did not give me any thing, but I drank with him; here is one of the notes I got changed at one place; I do not know which - I know it by the writing on the back.


                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I changed a 5l. note for Hammond on the 1st of July, when he took some goods out from my shop, in the name of Judd.
SARAH DAVIS. I know this 10l. note, by the name of Emery, which I wrote on it, and I know this 5l. note also, but I was not aware till this moment that they had been found - I gave them both to my brother.


                  CHARLES 
                  JOSEPH BEETSON
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner and Hammond; I found this purse on the prisoner's father, in the house the prisoner lives in.(Purse produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. My father sent me with two dirty shirts to wash; on my return, just before I got to the Hand and Flower public-house, I picked up the purse - it was then about nine o'clock; I went on, and saw the prosecutor laying down - he asked me to pick him up, and said his wife was on before him, in a waggon, and they had left him behind; he said at the next public-house he would have something to drink - I believe I had two glasses of ale, and then said, "I must run home."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
