



2139. 




EDWARD GARDNER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
19th of September, 15 gallons of wine, value 8l., the goods of 



Thomas Gerald Elrington and another.—2nd COUNT, stating it to belong to 



Thomas Edwards.






CHARLES WHITEFOORD
. I am clerk to Thomas Gerald Elrington and Mr. Dundee. The property in question is their joint property—they live in Argyle-place, Regent-street—I had directions to ship four butts of wine on board the Mermaid—I did not know the prisoner before the transaction—I cleared the wine at the London docks—the import mark was five O's and a P—it was directed to the officers of his Majesty's 42nd regiment, at Bombay, and numbered 75 to 78—the export number were No. 1 to 4—the address was on all the packages, and the numbers following—they were to go to the West India docks—Thomas Edwardscraft was to convey them from the Londom docks to the Mermaid, at the West India docks—I saw No. 76—2 in the hold of the vessel at the West India docks—that was reported to be plundered—my duty had ended when I cleared them at the London docks—it had got on board the Mermaid.






RICHARD SMITH
. I am an officer of Customs. I gauged four butts of sherry, marked five O's, 75 to 78, in the London docks—No. 76 contained 110 gallons—after gauging that, I delivered to one of the Dock Company's labourers—I should not think it could have been plundered at that time—I gauged it on the 17th, and it was taken to the West India docks in a lighter at once.





JOHN KENT
. I am in the employ of Thomas Edwards, the lighterman. On Friday, the 18th of Septemper, I took four butts of wine in the Frederick


from the London to the West India docks, to be shipped on board the Mermaid—I left them alongside the Mermaid about half-past five o'clock on Friday evening, in the lug-boat, and went home—I did not see the numbers—it is very common to leave them so in the docks—they were covered over with tarpauling—the butts and hogshead were delivered out of the lug-boat on Saturday morning—cannot say the day of the month—I received them on the Friday, and delivered them about half-past ten o'clock on Saturday morning—the lug-hoat was locked to the Mermaid.


Cross-examined. Q. Was any body left in charge? A. I was to have looked after them, but I was taken very ill, and obliged to go home—I did not see any marks on the butts—I received some butts, and do not know the precise date.

COURT. Q. To whom did you deliver them? A. To the mate of the ship—he is not here—I got a receipt for them, but my master has that—I never went on board the ship—I have seen the prisoner at the Thames-police once—that is all I know of him.





JAMES M'GILL
. I am a Thames-police-constable at the West India docks. On Saturday morning, the 19th of September, it was my duty to open two of the export dock gates, at six o'clock, one on the north side, and the other on the south—I opened the south gate, came across the flosting bridge to the north, and on looking down the dock, saw the prisoner coming from towards the dock, intending to go out, which excited my suspicion, and I observed his hat was rather heavy, and rolling on his head—I went across to him and met him, and asked what he had got in his hat—he said, "Nothing"—You have, and I must see"—he then took off his hat and took out a bladder—I was then about taking hold of it—he sprang two paces, threw it down, and jumped on it—he stooped down, as I thought, to tie his garter, but he took from under his garter this syphon—he took the two up together, and flung them towards the dock, but they did not reach the water—he broke the bladder and spilt the contents—what appeared to me to be a light pale liquid came from the bladder—I have no hesitation in saying it was wine—I smelt it, and tasted it with my tongue—I believed it to be sherry—he ran back again towards the lock where he came from—I then called for assistance, and I and one of the dock servants secured him—I took him over to the dock office, secured him there, and then returned to make further search for the things which he threw away—the syphon and bladder were picked up and handed to me—the blader would hold about six or seven quarts—I found the officer of Customs had got into a light craft, the Caroline, and he had got out the twenty-fourth bladder when I came up from between the limber boards of the lighter—twenty-four bladders were found in the craft Caroline, concealed in the limber board, full of the same sort of wine—it appeared the same in colour and taste—here is a sample, from one of the bladders, and there is another sample in Court, from the butt—as far as I could taste and see, it was the same kind of wine as was in the bladder the prisoner had—I licked the bladder and smelt it, and as he held it up it seemed a pale liquid—it was spilt on stone, but there was a puddle of water close by it, and it sunk into that—as I walhed to the dock-office, the prisoner said, "You can't hurt me for it; it is beer"—after he broke the bladder he said he was a poor fellow, and he hoped I would not hurt him—the bladders contained fifteen gallons—the one I took from him was of a middling size—not so large as some of the others.

Cross-examined. Q. How long have you been in the employ of the

Dock Company? A. Fourteen years—I have frequently taken person into custody with goods which have not paid the Custom-house dues—his having wine was a violation of the Excise laws—I know nothing of his being summoned before the Thames-police Magistrate to show cause why he should not be fined—(looking at a paper)—this is the Magistrate's handwriting—I tasted the inside of the bladder—it was doubled up, and in some of the crevices there was a little drainage left—I will swear it contained wine of the same quality as the other bladders—I will swear it was wine—I had not seen him on board the craft, but he came from the lock where that was with several other craft.

COURT. Q. How near to the side of the dock was she lying? A. Close to a floating bridge—it was a windy morning—any body could get on board the craft if they were in the dock—the Caroline belongs to Addis—it was an empty lighter—there was no wine in that craft except the bladders—it was near the lighter, I believe, but the crafty was being shoved right and left at the time for the shipping to go out—the wine was very near the craft—the prisoner had no business in the dock at all—his father is a waterman.





WILLIAM NIXON
. I am gateman at the West India docks' export-gate I was there on the Saturday morning in question, and saw the barge Careline alongside a floating bridge—I moved her, to make a passage for craft and a ship that was coming through—I did not see Edwards' lighter at that time—while I was moving the Caroline, I heard a person call out to shove her stern off, which I was doing at that time; but being in a hurry, I took no notice of the voice—I left the Caroline, and ran to get the bridge out of the way, and while I was doing that, the prisoner came running down—I thought, in fact, he was going to run overboard—he seemed very much confused—M'Gill was after him—he assisted me in securing him—I jumped ashore and collared him, and assisted in taking him to the office, and then came back.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know if a man is liable to a penalty of 100l. for having wine which has not paid the duty? A. No—I have seen people taken for getting wine out of the dock wihtout paying duty—I never saw the prisoner before, to my knowledge.





JOHN FOY
. I am principal of the police at the West India docks. In consequence of something I heard, I went on board the Mermaid on 19th september—I found four butts of white wine, and a hogshead which had just been taken out of the Frederick, as I understood—I sounded then—I found one "No. 76, five O's, and a P," very slack—I went for the Custom's gauger, who gauged it—it was then only ninety-five gallons—the conternts marked on it were "110 gallons"—fifteen gallons were missing—I produce a sample from the bulk—I have compared it with the sample from the bladders, and have no doubt of it being the same wine—the colour, flavour, and smell, are the same—there was some difference in the colour of what was in some of the bladders, as they have been used before to hold brandy.

Cross-examined. Q. The wine you tasted was wine which came from the butt, and some which came from the bladders found among the boards of the Caroline? A. Just so—I know nothing of the wine taken from the prisoner.

COURT. Q. What did the prisoner say? A. I asked him what he was doing in the dock—he said he had been to Blackwall-basin, to shift some hands from on board a ship—I asked him what ship—he declined telling

me—nobody could get to this wine without being concealed in the dock overnight.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you know whether the possession of uncustomed goods would make a man liable to the penalty of 100l.? A. I conceive it does—I have known such instances.





GEORGE GILLINWATER HAMMOND
. I am an officer of Customs. I gauged the cask "76, five O's, and a P"—it contained ninety-five gallons, and if full, it would hold one hundred and twelve gallons, making the usual deduction—it was originally imported at one hundred and ten—the ullaage quantity, one hundred and twelve, was originally in it when imported, according to the mark—it would appear to have lost fifteen gallons—I drew a sample and tasted it.





WILLIAM WETHERBY
. I am a cooper in the West India docks. I examined the butt "76, five O's, and a P," and found a hole, and the spiles, stopped with a deal peg, and a plug-hole in the head, six or eight inches from the chine—I applied the syphon to it, and found it would fit scuh a hole—there was no leakage—it was quite dry—the syphon fitted very well.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you examine the cask? A. On board the Mermaid, on Monday morning, about ten o'clock—the syphon would fit tight if driven in.





JOHN PAYNE
. I picked up the syphon, and handed it to M'Gill.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you find it? A. By the water-side, by the lock—I never saw it in the prisoner's possession—it had a string round it like this—I gave it to Woodward, who is not here, but I saw him give it to M'Gill directly after.





JOHN FOY

re-examined. We made a very strict examination of the cask, as the heads were painted a lead colour, and were not quit dry, so that any new plug could be smeared over—there is nobody to show it was not plundered on board the ship—I examined the cask about twelve o'clock on the Saturday—the bladders had been found between six and seven o'clock that morning—it was impossible it could have been plundered on board the ship, as the bladders were found three hours before the wine was shipped.

Prisoner. The gate was open a quarter of an hour before I was taken.





JAMES M'GILL

re-examined. The gate was opened about ten minutes after six o'clock—the wicket-gate had been opened five or ten minutes before, but I had the charge of both gates—nobody entered the dock that morning before I saw the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. How far is one gate from the other? A. Just across the lock, about fifty yards—I came across from one gate to the other—my duty was to look after both gates.

Prisoner's Defence. I got up at half-past five o'clock, passed the Blackwall-basin, and got there exactly at six o'clock—I came through the dock to see what shipping there was—about half-way through the dock, I met a seaman named Wood, who gave me the bladder—I asked what was in it—he said, "Take it, it will do you good"—it poured with rain—I put it in my hat—the officer asked what was in my hat—he pulled my hat off, and shook me, and by so doing I chucked away the bladder—I thought it was beer in it—I am totally innocent of the bladders in the craft.





JAMES M'GILL

re-examined. There would be sailors on board the vessels in the dock all night—they are not allowed to come on shore at the import dock.

(Matthias Pearce, provison-merchant, Horselydown, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
