



606. 



JOHN EVANS
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering a chapel. called 
St. Paul's Chapel, in the parish of Clapham, on the 
5th of January; and 1 prayer-book, value 5s.; and 1 Bible, value 7s.; the goods of 



Mary Rogern: 1 Prayer-book, value 5s.; the goods of 



George Smith; I hymn-book, value 5s.; the goods of 



John Satchard; 1 hymn-book, value 3s.; the goods of 



George Webber; 1 hymn-book, value 3s.; the goods of 



Henry Garrett key; 1 hymn-book value 2s.; the goods of 



John Barton' 1 hymn-book, value 3s.; the goods of 



Foliat Scott Stokes; and 100 printed books, value 10l.; the goods of certain persons, whose names are unknown, in the said chapel, being then and there found, did feloniously and sacrilegiously steal, take, and carry away, against the Statute, &c.—2nd COUNT, for feloniously stealing the same.


MR. BODKIN. conducted the prosecution,





LETITIA SIMPSON
, I am a pew-opener, at St. Paul's Chapel of Ease, Clapham, On Sunday, the 3rd of January, I fastened up the chapel, after the service was over—all the books were right in their place—I know the windows were closed before the service commenced, and they remained closed—i went to the chapel again, about a quarter-past four o'clock. on the Tuesday—I had the key myself—I found every thing as I had left it. bat I did not go into the interior of the chapel—I saw a green door leading to the chapel, and a great many of the pew-doors standing open—they were all closed on the Sunday evening—I did not examine to see if any books were missing myself—the same evening I missed nearly fifty Prayer-books, hymn-books, and Bibles,





JOHN KNIGHT
, I am beadle of the chapel. On Tuesday, the 5th of

January, went there, at a little after six o'clock—I went into the north gallery, and saw at the top of the stairs a great many books piled up under a form—I missed a form—I went to the window and found three panes of glass broken in the part which opens—it revolves—by breaking that glass a person could put his hand through and unfasten the ground towards that window—the appearances were such as to shew somebody had entered the chapel by that window from the tomb—they could get up from the tomb—that would enable them to get to an iron railing of a cistern, and then reach the window—I found a from inside the window, which would enable them to descend from the gallery into the body of the chapel, as the gallery doors were locked—a great many books were taken away.





GEORGE SMELLIE
. I am shopman to Mr. Thompson, a pawnbroker, in Grosvenor-road, Chelsea. The prisoner, on the 7th of January, pawned a Bible and Prayer-book at our shop—he said they were his own property, and gave me the name of John M'pherson—he redeemed them on the 22nd of the same month.
prisoner. I was not in possession of a book on the 7th of January,

Witness. I am certain of it—you were dressed in a drab coat at the time you pawned them, and when you redeemed them, you were dressed as you are now—he pawned a handkerchief at the time he redeemed the books.





JOHN KILLINGWORTH
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a Bible and Prayer-book, pawned at our shop on Saturday, the 23rd January, in the name of John M'Pherson—I belive the prisoner to be the person—am almost confident it was the prisoner, but quite sure—I lent 5s., on them—I think it was between twelve and one o'clock.





GEORGE SMELLIE
 re-examined, The books he pawned and redeemed with me were very similar to these—I cannot say they are the same—this is a very common binding for Bibles and Prayer-books—I did not see any names in them—he redeemed them about two o'clock, I think—my shop is about a quarter of a mile from Killingsworth's—I lent 4s. 6d., on the books.





CAROLINE NELSON HOWARD
. I live with Miss Mary Rogers, who attends St. Chapel. She was there on Sunday, the 3rd of January, in the afternoon—I sat in the same pew with her—these are her books—the names have been taken out, but I know them—she used them that Sunday-afternoon, and left them in the chapel.





CHARLES JONES
. I am shopman to Mr. Folkard, a pawnbroker, in Commercial-road-east. I produce two hymn-books pawned at my master's shop. on Thursday, the 14th of January, by the prisoner, in the name of William Morris—I asked him if they were his own property, and he said, "yes"—I am quite sure of him.





JOHN BARTON
. I attend St. Paul's Chapel. I was there on Sunday, the 3rd of January, at the afternoon-service—this book is mine, and was left in my pew that afternoon—I do not know the other book.

RICHARD COLEMAN. I am shopman to Mr. Latter, a pawnbroker in Commercial-road-east. These two hymn-book were pawned on the 14th of January, by the prisoner, in the name of John Barton—I am quite certain of him.

GEORGE WEBBER, This is my book—I attended at the morning service, and left it locked up in a case.





JOSEPH SELWIN
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Waterloo-terrace,

Commercial-road. I produce a psalm-book, pawned on the 14th of January, by the prisoner, in the name of "John Morris"—I am sure he is the man.





FOLIAT SCOTT STOKES
. I am one of the congregation of St. Paul's Chapel—I do not think I was there on Sunday, the 3rd of January—this hymn-book is mine—I left it safe there on Christmas-day.





WILLIAM CRUSH
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Museum-street. the prisoner came to my shop on Saturday, the 23rd of January, and offered me a prayer-book and hymn-book in pledge—these are them—I had received information of this robbery the day previous—I took the books from him sad asked him what he wanted—he said, 7s.—I asked him if they were his own—he said, "Yes"—I said. "Where did you get them from?"—he said, "I bought them"—I said, Did you? "—he said, "Yes; I have had them these seven years—I beckoned my lad over the counter, seeing the name of Statchard in the book, and sent him for a policeman—I then told the prisoner I was much mistaken if they were not taken from a chapel at Clapham—he said he could soon convince me of the contrary, as they were his own property, and his friends were respectable—I gave him in charge.
prisoner. I deny part of his statement; he asked me a question of what I wanted, nor whether they were my own, Witness. I say I did ask him those questions previous to beckoning my lad.





GEORGE SMITH
. I attend St. Paul's Chapel constantly—this prayer book is mine—I used it, and left, it there on the 3rd of January, in the afternoon—my name was in it, which is taken out, but I know it by marks in it—I had it recently bound, and have had if fourteen years.





PETER LOCKYER
. On the 23rd of January, I was called to Mr. Crush's shop, and the prisoner given into my custody—I told him this was stolen property, and asked him if it was his own—he said it was his own, and he had brought them to pledge—he was searched, and seventeen duplicates found on him at the station-house—we went through Thornaugh-street on our way, on the right hand side—Culliford delivered me seventeen more duplicates.





MARY CULLIFORD
. I live in Thornaugh-street. I found seventeen duplicates in the area of my house, which I gave to the officer—a person pass ing along the street could drop them down my area—my house is on the right hand going from the pawnbroker's to the station-house.





GEORGE COLLIER
. I am a policeman. I was sent for to the station-house, on the 23rd of January, when the prisoner was there—a Prayer book and hymn-book were produced—I asked the prisoner how he came by them—he said he bought them when he was well off, that he had been well off in his time, and in the habit of having a good quantity of books—I asked how long he had had them—he said for years—I said he had kept them very clean, and asked him if he had got any more books—he said he had been obliged to pawn his books and cloths, being very much reduced, and that he had been living at the Antelope, at Wandsworth—that is about a mile and a half from the chapel

Prisoner's Defence. I was down at the Greenwich rail-road, looking for work—a man came and asked if I could read—I said I could—he said, "I have just picked up a parcel of tickets, I don't know what they are"—he showed them to me—I said, "It is tickets of books"—he said if I gave him a shilling I might have them as they were no use to him—I said, "They are no use to me"—he said, "You may have some of them, if you will stand

a pot of beer—we went and had a pot of beer—he gave me about twenty of the tickets, and I took some of the things out to put them in again, thinking to get more money—I got sixpence more for the first two, and some I could get no more on than they were in for—about ten days afterwards, I was in a coffee-shop in Borough-market, and the same man came in—he asked what I had done with the tickets—I said I had lost them—he said he was distressed, and asked me to buy the ticket of a jacket—I said I had no money—he asked me to stand a pint of coffee for him—he said, "I dare say you made enough out of the other tickets"—after having the coffee he said, "I have got more, you may have them"—and he gave them to me—I went two days afterwards, and took out the red books, at Grosvenor-street, and pawned them for sixpence more—and when I went to pawn them. I was taken into custody—I knew nothing of their being stolen, or I should not have taken them out of pawn to get 6d. and run the risk of being detected—it is false my pawning any on the 7th—I was never in the shop till I went to take them out—another says I had a fustian jacket on—I have never had such a things for years.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.
