






1078. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  BROMLEY
               




             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GEORGE
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        Jacob 
                        Law
                     




                  , on the 30th of June
, at St. Matthew, Bethnal-green


, with intent his goods and monies from his person and against his will feloniously to steal
            .
2nd COUNT. For assaulting with intent to rob him.
JACOB LAW. I am a hatter
, and carry on business in Sherwood-place, Church-street, Bethnal-green. I was in Church-street


, on the 30th of June, at half-past eleven o'clock - I had been over the water on business, and was returning home very steadily - the two prisoners came behind me, and caught hold each of one arm - theywere quite strangers to me - being an old man, I was very tired, and I suppose they thought me a little in liquor - one said, "Old gentleman, I will see you home," pretending to see me home; presently Bromley put his hand in my waistcoat pocket - George laid hold of me at the time - I had no money in that pocket - George held me very fast, while Bromley put his hand into my pocket - Mr. Schofield, a neighbour and tenant of mine, immediately came to my assistance, and insisted on their letting me go, and going about their business, and said he would see me home, as he knew me - they would not let go of me - a scuffle ensued, and we were both knocked down - I don't know which of them knocked me down - one knocked Schofield down - I called the police - the watchman came up and took one, and the police took the other.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Did you lose any thing? A. No - I cannot say that the same person did not knock both Schofield and myself down, because there was a scuffle - the men were charged with attempting to rob me - the scuffle was directly after Schofield came up - I had charged them with attempting to rob me.
COURT. Q. They were perfect strangers to you - they came up - one held you, and the other put his hand in your pocket? A. Yes - Schofield came up; he was knocked down and myself too.
MR. DOANE. Q. You had charged them with attempting to rob you? A. I felt their hands in my pocket - I had not been drinking for five hours before - I am seventy years old, and had been nine miles that day - the prisoners pretended to see me home, and Schofield said he would see me home - I was perfectly sober.
Bromley. Q. How long was I out of your sight? A. Not at all, till you were taken.


                  JAMES 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker, and am a neighbour and tenant of Mr. Law's. I was accidentally in Church-street, with my wife - the prosecutor appeared perfectly sober - I saw the two prisoners holding him - I saw Bromley's hand in his left hand pocket - I was on the opposite side of the way - they had got him stuck up against the wall - I crossed over, and said, "Do you know these men?"- he said, "No" - I said, "I am going home, go with me"- we went along - the prisoners followed us - they went on with very abusive language - I said, "I will call the police"- Bromley crossed over in the middle of the road, and knocked me down twice - the prosecutor was knocked down, but I don't know who by - I called the police, and they were taken into custody.
Cross-examined. Q. They did not make off when you came up? A. No.


                  CHARLES 
                  SHIPPEY
               



            . I am a watchman. About a quarter after eleven o'clock I heard an unusual scuffling and noise, and saw the prosecutor retreating into the road in a defensive attitude, defending himself as well as he could - the two prisoners were about to close on him, and at that moment Schofield called out "Police!" - Bromley immediately ran to him, called him a b-b - , and knocked him down - at that same instant Schofield's wife came to her husband's assistance, and both the prisoners then set too on all parties, without discrimination, never minding who it was came in their way - Bromley knocked the prosecutor down - I sprang my rattle - Bromley immediately came and struck me on the jaw-bone - I seized him by the coat, held him till the police came up, and took him.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . I am the wife of James Schofield - I was with him, and saw them fighting in the road - I called for the police - Bromley came and knocked me down twice - I was bruised in several places, and received several blows - they were beating me when somebody took them from me on the ground.


                  MARIA 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . I am the witness's sister-in-law. I was going down Church-street, and met him and his wife - in two or three minutes the prisoners came and took hold of his arm and insulted us; and in a few minutes we heard the cry of "Police." I turned round, and saw Bromley knock the prosecutor down in the road - we called, "Policeman!" - Bromley came over to us, knocked my sister-in-law down twice, and struck me on the arm.


                  SIMON 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I am a policeman. I heard the rattle spring, went up, and saw Bromley strike the watchman - I took him into custody - George was there also.


                  CHARLES 
                  EAST
               



            . I am a policeman. I saw Bromley striking Mrs. Schofield when she was on the ground - I made towards them as quick as I could, and saw Bromley making towards the watchman, who sprung his rattle - Bromley struck him - I laid hold of him, and he struck me on the arm; and set too kicking me, saying, "You b-, if I had a knife I would rip your entrails out" - he appeared to have been drinking, but was sober enough to know what he was about.
Bromley's Defence. I was rather intoxicated. As to robbing the man, I had no intention of doing any thing of the kind. I did not shove my hand into his pocket, I am certain. I might have struck one or two of them, but I had no intention of robbery.
BROMLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
GEORGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
