



294. 




EDWARD LEE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of November 8 1/4 yards of gambroon, value 1l. 10s.; the goods of 



William Henry Norton.


MR. BODKIN
. conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN EDWARD WELCH
. I am shopman in the service of Mr. William Henry Norton, who keeps a warehouse in Pickett-street, Strand. At half past seven o'clock on Monday evening, the 27th of November, the prisoner came and took down a piece of gambroon from a shelf—I said, "What are you doing?"—he said he wanted ten yards of gambroon for Mr. Mason, of Bell-yard—I said what was it for—he said for making shoes, or something of that kind—I said that would not do—I took down this and showed him the plain gambroon—he looked at it and said be thought that would do—I folded it up and placed it on the counter—there was eight yards and a quarter of it—he then said he wanted eight yards of flannel at 2s. a yard—I asked him who it was for—he told me Mr. Mason of Bell-yard, and asked if he should send the potatoes in this evening-! told him I did not know any thing about them—I know Mr. Mason—Mr. Norton deals with him for potatoes—he said the flannel was to be sent to Mr. Mason in Bell-yard—I turned to the book to enter the order about the flannel—whilst I was doing that I saw him take up the gambroon and

turn towards the door—I was rather suspicious of him, and asked my fellow clerk if he thought it was all right—I stopped the prisoner from going out with the gambroon—I went to Mr. Mason, and then went after the prisoner, and traced him to a grocer's near St. Clement's.

COURT. Q. Had you booked the gambroon? A. No, I did the flannel.

Prisoner, You said that I took a piece and said it was to make shoes, and you gave me another piece, and then you said you took it off the counter, and you said Stop, I will put it in some paper." Witness. You took it off the counter first.





WILLIAM MASON
. I live in Bell-yard, and supply Mr. Norton with vegetables. I have seen the prisoner about the market assisting people—I never authorised him to go to Mr. Norton for any thing for me in my life.

Prisoner. Q. Was not I in your house the night this took place? A. Yes, but you said nothing to me about this.





GEORGE DENNY
 (police-constable F 57.) I took the prisoner on this charge—I know nothing of it—he said he was innocent of the charge.

Prisoner, Q. What was I doing when you took me? A. You had got six pounds of sugar and one half-pound of tea at a grocer's shop.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There were three other indictments against the prisoner.)
