






Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
396. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     NORTHWOOD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of February
, at St. Leonard's, Shoreditch, 52 yards of silk, value 6l. 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Harvey 
                           Knight
                        




                     
                   and another, in their dwelling-house
            .


                  JAMES 
                  BENTON
               



            . I am sixteen years old - I am apprentice to Mr. Knight, of Crown-street, Finsbury, in the parish of Shoreditch


 - there are two partners in the house - 
               
                  John 
                  Harvey Knight
               



             and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Knight
               



             - they are drapers
 - on Saturday, the 8th of February, the prisoners came into the shop and looked at various silks - the shop is part of the dwelling-house - Mrs. Knight served them - they were there about half an hour, sitting close together at the counter - Clark went out first - she had on a large green cloak - she had bought nothing herself - when she got up to go away, Northwood was keeping Mrs. Knight in conversation about the price of some silks and other things - she went away about five minutes after Clark; and directly after Northwood had gone out, we missed a large length of puce silk - I went in pursuit of Clark, and found her in Finsbury-place, about three minutes' walk from the shop - she saw me, and turned back and said,"Have you seen the young woman who was with me in the shop?" - I said I had not - she said, "Perhaps she is in the shop buying something: I will go back with you and see" - I said I wished she would - she walked back with me; and when she got to the corner of Finsbury-square, I heard something drop down an area - a lad, who was passing at the time, said, "That won't do: I saw it" - he spoke loud enough for her to hear it - I immediately laid hold of her; and he went down for the silk into the area - he brought it up to me - I took it; and we then took her to our house, and sent for a policeman - this is the silk - I know it to be my master's property by a mark at the end of the silk and of the roll - it is a private mark - her cloak was large enough to conceal it under it - it is the silk we missed - it measures fifty-two yards and a half, and is worth £6 10s. at 2s. 6d. a yard - I went to the station-house with her - she there said she lived in Baltic-street, and gave the number; but I do not remember it - I went there with a policeman, to No. 4; and as we were coming away, the prisoner Northwood came up to the door - another person was standing at the door, and Northwood said to her, "Where is Betsey?" - that was the same day- I had apprehended Clark between three and five o'clock, and this was about half-past five o'clock - Northwood had then changed her shawl for a cloak - she had on a different bonnet, and her hair was out of paper - the policeman took her in charge.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Knight
               



             - I served the prisoner - when they came to our shop on the 8th of February, they were, I should think, about twenty minutes in the shop - Norhtwood asked for dark silks, and looked at them - I wished her to give me an idea of the colour, but she could not - I called the lad to reach some for me, which I showed to her - the silks were placed before Northwood, and clark stood by her side - Clark went away first - Northwood was then engaging me in conversation about the prices of silk handkerchefs, and then about coaks - they were in conversation while I was serving them - Northwood stayed a few minutes after Clark - before Clark left she had three quarters of a yard of blue silk, which she immediately fixed on without asking the price of; but the other silks she was very particular in asking the price of - what she had came to 2s. 1d., which she paid, and put the silk into her small basket - I perceived that Clark had something under her arm, but I was so fearful I might be mistaken, I could not look to ascertain if anything was gone till Northwood had left - I then missed the puce silk, and sent the lad after her.

MALAKI ISNELL. I am an apprentice to Mr. Hughes - on the 8th of February I was going along Finsbury-square, and saw Clark drop the silk from underneath her cloak; it went through the railing of a house into the area - I immediately got over the railing, picked the silk up, and gave it to Benton - I said, "That will not do, I saw it."
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was anybody with her except the boy? A. I saw nobody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAMAN
               



            . I am a policeman - I apprehended Clark, and have produced the silk.


                  GEORGE 
                  GLADWELL
               



            . I am a policeman - I apprehended Northwood - I saw her come up to the house in Baltic-street, but could not hear what she said - I was at a distance - Benton was there.
Northwood's Defence. I am perfectly innocent - I was full twenty minutes in the shop purchasing silk, which I bought and paid for - I have frequently been in the shop, but not to steal - I did not know whether she had stolen anything at all - I was in there about half-past three o'clock, and was taken about five o'clock - I am perfectly innocent - I know nothing about it.
(Edward Coleman, hair-dresser, St. John-street-road, and William How, wire-worker, gave the prisoner 
               Clark
             a good character.)
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
NORTHWOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Life
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoners.
