



802. 




JAMES TAYLOR
 was indicted

for breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Alexander Robert Sutherland, on the 
7th of March, at 
St. Margaret, Westminster, and stealing therein 6 shirts, value 1l. 15s. 3 handkerchiefs, value 5s.; the goods of 



Thomas Fitchett; and 1 coat, value 1l. 14s.; 1 hat, value 10s.; 2 waistcoats, value 10s.; 2 shirts, value 10s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 1 pair of breeches, value 1l.; 1 watch-chain, value 6d.; 2 watch-keys, value 7s.; 1 ring, value 2s.; and 1 ornament, value 3s.; the goods of 



Charles Smith.






CHARLES SMITH
. I am coachman to Dr. Sutherland, and live in Parliament-street. I lost the articles stated in the indictment out of a room over the coach-house, which is hired by Dr. Sutherland—he goes not occupy it with his dwelling-house, but by me, as his servant—I have the use of the entire place as his servant—another of his servants occupies the room with me—the coach-house is rented by Dr. Sutherland, and is in the parish of St. Margaret, Westminster—it is on one side of the yard, and the stable opposite—there are five rooms occupied by servants of different families—Dr. Sutherland's servants exclusively occupy the room over his coach-house—the stable is separate from the house—I and my fellow-servant occupy the room over the coach-house only—the other rooms are occupied by servants living with different families—one stair-case goes to all the rooms—Dr. Sutherland has nothing but the stable and coach-house—I believe the house and stables belong to two different landlords—the place I sleep in, believe, is the property of Christ's-hospital, but I am not able to say—I do not think any body occupies the house on behalf of the landlord—I lost one black coat, a hat, two waistcoats, two shirts, a pair of breeches, a watch-chain, two keys, a ring, a gold ornament, and three handkerchiefs—I value them all at 4l. 19s. 6d.—there was other property taken from the other servant, in the same room—I went out on Wednesday, the 7th of March, at nine o'clock in the evening—I returned between twelve and one o'clock—I then saw Catherine Hayward, who asked me to go into the room, to see if all was right—I found the room had been entered by a key which the prisoner usually had about him—he worked about the room is entirely for us—the other room are occupied entirely by gentlemen's servants there are four other rooms—my box was broken open in which the things were—other clothes were left in the place of mine—the prisoner was employed by the different coachmen in the yard—I directly gave information at the station-house—I saw the prisoner with my coat, waistcoat, and hat on, at Queen-square, after he was apprehended—it was not a livery-coat—they were what I had lost from my box—the coat was new—the hat and waistcoat were not—he left behind a jacket and cap, but no coat, in the box—he had been at work for me that day, and left his coat in the stable an instrument which the box was broken open with was left in the box.

Prisoner. I had the key of the room. I own, to get the things out; but I was so intoxicated I cannot tell how I got them—I found his box open.





THOMAS FITCHETT
. I am a servant to Dr. Sutherland—I lost six shirts

from a drawer in the room, which was not locked, and also three handkerchiefs—I have sen the three handkerchiefs since in a bundle, which the prisoner was taken with, as I understand.

Prisoner. The coachman said they were together all the evening—the second coachman said he was at home long before him. Witness. I was with Smith from nine o'clock till the time he returned.

Prisoner. I was in the room for a length of time with the coachman—I walked into the room and had something to eat.





CHARLES SMITH

re-examined. I was with my fellow-servant till the time I left—I left at nine o'clock, and returned with him.





CATHERINE HAYWARD
. My husband lives with Mr. Scarlett, M. P. for Norwich—I occupy the third room from Dr. Sutherland—I heard the prisoner in the room, making an unusual noise, which made me suspect something was the matter—it was like moving things—I did not go to the room, I went past it—I saw the prisoner go out of the yard at near ten o'clock—I could not see that he had any thing with him—I did not see from what room he came, but I heard a person lock the door, and take the key—the prisoner was employed there—I do not exactly know who is the landlord of the building—I think Mrs. Barrett rents part of it—she does not occupy any part of it—the landlord does not reserve any room for a servant of his own—there is one passage, and the rooms are quite distinct—there is a common staircase—it is in the parish of St. Margaret, Westminster.





THOMAS FITCHETT

re-examined. My master's name is Alexander Robert Sutherland—the servants do not pay any part of the rent—it is not considered in the wages—it is entirely rented to Dr. Sutherland.





WILLIAM THOMAS FLETCHER
 (police-constable L 116.) I apprehended the prisoner in Brunswick-street on Thursday, between twelve and one o'clock, (the day after the robbery,) about half a mile from the prosecutor's—he had on a black coat, two waistcoats, a hat, and handkerchief, which were afterwards claimed—he had a bundle, with two shirts and the two handkerchiefs in his pocket—I found the key which opens the room, and this iron we found in the box that was broken—I also found on him 1s., 5 1/2d., two duplicates, a watch-chain two keys, and another key.





CHARLES SMITH

re-examined. I value my coat at 1l. 14s., the hat at 10s.—(I have had it perhaps two years, but have not worn it;) the two waistcoats 5s. each, two shirts 10s., three handkerchiefs 3s., a silk one cost 5s., the pair of breeches is not here—I lost them at the same time—they were worth 1l.—they have never ben worn—this watch-chain is worth 6d., two watch-keys 2s., a gold ring 2s., and a gold ornament, 3s., it is solid gold—I value them 4l. 19s. 6d. altogether.





THOMAS FITCHETT

re-examined. I lost six shirts, worth 1l. 15s.—they are not found: and three handkerchiefs, worth 5s., at the same time, from the same room—my three handkerchiefs are here.
(The prisoner made no defence.)





JOHN MILLIGAN
. I am a sculptor, and live in Norton-street, Fitzroy-square. I have known the prisoner ever since 1825—he bore a very respectable character at that time—he kept a baker's shop—since that I understand the man he employed in his shop took his wife away, and sold all his property, and since that he has been in much difficulty—he called on me for employment—I asked him if his character was good—he said, "Yes"—I was called away to attend a gentleman, and he went away, or I should have found him employment, or done something for him—he was as well

respected as any gentleman's servant—the man sold every thing he had; and after the money was spent, his wife took up with another man—the prisoner kept a very respectable baker's shop, and he himself was in service at Brighton. I am not related to him—I am attending here as a Juror.





CHARLES SMITH

re-examined. I have always heard a very good character of him—he always seemed very much cut up about his wife—I only knew him five weeks—that was the time he had been in the yard—he got a shilling or two at times—I had a very good character with him.




GUILTY of stealing in the dwelling-house. Aged 25.—Recommended to mercy,—


Transported for Life.
