



1927. 




EDWARD KISSACK
 was indicted

for feloniously forging, on the 
12th of July, a certain bill of Exchange for 75l., with intent to defraud 



William Masterman and others.-2nd COUNT, for feloniously uttering, disposing of, and putting off the same.-3rd and 4th COUNTS, stating his intent to be to defraud 



James Holmes and others.-Other COUNTS, calling the forged instrument an order for the payment of money.


MESSRS. BODKIN. and
DOANE. conducted the Prosecution.





ANN ROUGH
. I keep the Bell Tavern, Bell-yard, Gracechurch-street. On the 12th of July the prisoner came to my house, between three and four o'clock, as near as I can tell, and asked for the parlour—he was shown into the parlour—he asked for a pint of beer, which he had—he then asked if we had an ordinary—I said it was over—he had some refreshment, and after that, as his cloth was being cleared away, he asked if I knew of a respectable young man to go with a bill—I went and informed my son, and when my son came in, I said, "This child is my son, he will go for yon"—he said, "It is to go to Mr. Masterman's, the banker's"-when I heard the name of Masterman, Mr. Rough knew him so well, I did not hesitate about his going—I said to my son, "John, the gentleman wants you to take a bill to Masterman's, do you know where it is?"—he said "Yes"—the prisoner said, "You are to bring me back 75l. "—I said, "John, mind what you are about, for you are going to receive money"-. he gave him a letter, asked for pen and ink, and wrote his name on a card, and my son went, taking the card and the letter—after he was gone the prisoner asked me if I had a back yard—I told him no—he went up stairs, returned down again, went to the door, returned, and said, "I want to go about forty paces, and if your son returns before I do, I leave you in care of the money"—he then left the house—my son returned while he was out—he came into the yard about seven o'clock in the evening—my son saw him, and they both came into the house together, and shortly after he was taken into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. ESPINASSE. Q. This as on the 12th of July? A. I think it was.





FREDERICK JOHN HULHE
. I was sent by the prisoner to Masterman's, the

banker's, with this letter and card—(looking at them)—I went straight to Masterman's, and presented this letter and card to a gentleman in the country office—the prisoner did not tell me to go to any office, but that was the office straight forwards—some questions were asked me by a gentleman there, and I came away without any money-when I got back the prisoner was gone—I saw him again about six or seven o'clock in the yard—he came up to me, touched me on the shoulder, and asked whether I had got the money—I told him to come in doors with me—I had been told what to do if I saw him—he came in with me—I did not tell him any thing that had happened at the banking-house—he was afterwards taken into custody.





GEORGE FAIRBANKS
. I am one of the clerks at Messrs. Masterman's banking-house, there are six partners. Mr. William Masterman is the principal—on the 12th of July the last witness came to the banking-house, and presented this bill—it was wafered, and directed to the house-being so, I handed it to Mr. Peile, who sat near me, with the card, and he opened it in my presence.





JOSEPH PEILE
. I am principal corresponding clerk in the country office at Messrs. Masterman's. Mr. Fairbanks showed me that letter and card—on opening it I declined paying it, being convinced at once that it was a forgery—I made some inquiries of the little boy—the firm of James Holmes and Son, of Douglas, Isle of Man Bank, have an account with us.





JAMES HOLMES
. I am a banker, in the Isle of Man. James Holmes and Son is the firm—there are two other share-banks there, but no other back of the name of Holmes on the island—(looking at the forged instrument)—this is not my writing-Idid not know any thing of it till I saw it at the Mansion House—there is a person named Kissack in the Isle of Man—he is a diffirent person to the prisoner—I did not know the prisoner at all—there are several brothers named Kissack in Douglas—I do not know their Christian names—the prisoner is not any one of them—I received this envelope and these three letters (Nos. 1, 2, and 3,) from one of the Kissack's at Douglas—he brought them to me-and this letter, (No. 4,) addressed to myself I received in the course of post.





ROMAL ALPHONSUS MALLAM
. I know the prisoner—I have seen him write—I believe these three letters (1, 2, and 3,) to be his hand-writing—I find some small writing on this envelope, which I recognise and believe to be his—the large round hand I cannot recognise—I believe this other letter (No. 4) also to be his.

COURT. Q. How long have you known the prisoner? A. He came to me about the middle of April, 1837, I believe, two days after Good Friday, with a letter of introduction, from a young man I was acquainted with in Leeds—I was then living at Huddersfield—he remained in Huddersfield, I believe, for three or four months—after that he went on a journey of pleasure, as he told me, to the Isle of Man-and as we had been rather intimate during the time we had lived together in the same town, he wrote to me from the Isle of Man, which letter I received, but did not answer-shortly after his return from the Isle of Man he went to Newark, from which place I also received two or three letters from him; consequently, I am well able to judge of his hand-writing.
(The bill and letters were here read as follows:-)
"Douglas, Isle of Man Bank, July 1st, 1838.
"Due July 23rd.
"Twenty-one days after date, pay to our order, to Edward Kissack or

bearer, the sum of seventy-five pounds sterling, for value received.
"JAMES HOLMES AND CO.
"Payable at Messrs. Masterman and Co."
(Under this order upon the same sheet of paper was written as follows:-)
"Messrs. Masterman, Peters, and Co. Gentlemen-You will greatly oblige by cashing the above bill that I have given to Edward Kissack, he being a highly respectable young man, also native of the Island, and wishing it to be cashed as soon as presented, as he has come upon business, and wishes to return to Douglas as soon as possible. I remain, Gentlemen, yours truly,
"JAMES HOLMES."
No. 1.
"To Mr. J. Richardson, Yorkshire Tavern, Douglas, Isle of Man.
"London, July 13, 1838.
"DEAR FRIEND RICHARDSON-You will be surprised when you read this epistle to find whom it has come from. I arrived safe in London on the 25th of June, where I now am still residing. I hope when you left me at the half-way house that day you arrived safe home. What a jovial spree we had; I never shall forget such a one. I am very glad I have left the island, for of all the places it astonishes all, both for scandal and every thing that is bad. I am not sorry I deceived a few of them, altogether about 50l., and I wish it had been more. I had the pleasure of seeing her most gracious Majesty crowned, and a splendid view it was; all the foreign noblemen, kings, queens, &c., attended her. I could not think of forgetting you after your kindness to me, when I remained a few days with you, although God knows whether I shall ever see you again or not I now hope and trust you will not consider me ungrateful, and you will act according to my request. You will perceive I have enclosed two letters inside this parcel, one directed for Messrs. Masterman and Co., and the other for Mr. Edward Kissack; and immediately you receive them please to go direct to the Douglas Post Office, and put them both in, so that they may be forwarded to London. You will see I have directed them both for London; that will do me a great favour and kindness if you will only do that, and then the parties will receive them by Wednesday or Thursday here. I want them to appear as if they had come from Douglas; so now you know, and you are not far from the post, so that it will be no trouble. Immediately you receive them take them to the post, and if I find you have done according to my wish, which I shall know in the course of a few days by the parties receiving the above letters, I will reward and forward you a remittance of £5 note for yourself. If you only put them in the post they will be sure to come safe to London, and it will be 100l. benefit to me. I must now conclude, and hope you are well. Write me again how you are getting on. I remain to be yours truly, "RICHARD PETTIFAR

"Direct for me at No. 9, Tottenham-place, Tottenham-court-road, London.
"Put them both in the post immediately you receive this parcel, so no delay. You can write to me afterwards."
No. 2 "Douglas, Isle of Man, July 18, 1838. "GENTLEMEN—I received a letter from Mr. E. Kissack, on Tuesday morning, dated the 16th, informing me he was placed in confinement upon a charge of forgery by you, for presenting a bill for 75l., drawn by

me, and made payable at your bank. You will allow me, Gentlemen to inform you that the above order for 75l., is drawn up by me, and was presented by me to his own brother, George Kissack, in Douglas, to be forwarded to him, Edward, in London, dated the 1st of July, and I here declare before you, that it is far from being a forgery; and my opinion is that he is a young man that would not be guilty of any such crime. I am very, very sorry when I heard of this, and I am surprised you would take it upon yourselves to apprehend him so suddenly, without acquainting me with a letter, to know if all is correct or not. I hope, Gentlemen, for the sake of myself, and the respectability of their family, which for the last twenty years me and my brother Henry has been acquainted with them, that you will immediately, after you receive this, go to the Magistrates and get him liberated immediately from that dreadful punishment. It is a matter of impossibility for him to forge such a thing as that. How was he to know that I had any connexion with your bank? You have now detained him a week past the time, he ought to have been at home on Friday last. Consider, he was sent from here to London to transact business for his uncle, Mr. Jackson, who is a wholesale linen-draper, &c. I trust and hope you will most handsomely compensate him for this usage, and I particularly request you will cash him the order for 75l., immediately he is at liberty, and place the same to my account; likewise the charge for discounting you may charge him accordingly. I remain, Gentlemen, yours very truly, "JAMES HOLMES.
"P. S.—As soon as you have got him liberated, and given him the cash for my bill, please to write to me immediately afterwards.
"To Messrs. Masterman, Peters, and Co."
No. 3. "Mr. Edward Kissack. "Douglas, July 17, 1838. "SIR-Yours was duly received on the 15th. lam very sorry, and struck with astonishment when I read the latter end of your letter, and finding you are placed in prison for a charge of forgery, laid against you by Messrs. Masterman and Co., respecting the bill which I myself gave to your brother, for 75l., payable at Messrs. Masterman's bank. You also inform me that they did not cash the above for you when presented. I am afraid you did not go the correct way about it when you presented the above bill to them, or otherwise they would not have objected to it; however, I am pleased you wrote to me, otherwise the consequence might have been serious. This is to give satisfaction to the Lord Mayor of London, and other Magistrates, that I declare the bill for 75l., which you have presented to Messrs. Masterman and Co., is perfectly correct, and my own hand-writing, and can assure all there is no forgery in the case; therefore I beg, after the Lord Mayor and Magistrates have read this, they will liberate you from prison, and compensate you for detaining you so long a time. I have wrote to Messrs. Masterman and Co., likewise, requesting them to pay you the sum of 75l., which should have been done before, and I hope and trust you will immediately afterwards go, and get your business finished, and return here as soon as possible, as your brother is waiting impatiently every day to see you. I remain yours truly, "JAMES HOLMES.
"To Mr. Edward Kissack, Jun., Giltspur-strcet,
"Compter Prison, London."

No. 4. "Giltspur-street Compter, July 30, 38. SIR,—I hope you will excuse me taking the liberty of writing to you, after doing what I have done towards you, in committing so base an action, for forging an order for 75l. upon you, at Messrs. Masterman and Co. I trust and hope you will look over this, as I am very very sorry for what I have done. I am now undergoing a severe punishment of confinement for it, which nearly breaks my heart. I can assure you, Sir, I would not have done it, only necessity compelled me. I could not obtain a situation, as I have tried and tried again, during the time I have been in London, but owing to it being too late in the season for my business, (a linendraper, &c.) is the only cause. I can obtain a most satisfactory reference from my last employer in Huddersfield, Yorkshire, with whom I lived as an assistant for a year and a half; also, I can obtain another one from my employer in Nottingham, whom I served five years with as an apprentice. Let me earnestly beg of you to look over this for my own credit sake, and likewise for my dear mother, who is heart-broken. I am only a fatherless child, and always been brought up respectable and with strict integrity. I was very grieved on Saturday last when I appeared at the Mansion House before his Worship, the Lord Mayor, and found they had received a letter from you, giving me such a bad character; likewise a newspaper from you, with my name published in a paragraph, stating I was a notorious swindler, and had deceived a great many people during the short time I was in Douglas. I can assure you I am quite undeserving of such a character, for I was only in the island for four months, and I always kept myself respectable and steady; I did not wrong only one person in Douglas, and that was only for five pounds, and I gave him security for the amount; and had he behaved in a proper manner to me, as he ought to have done, I would not have left him in debt. It is well known by a great many respectable people in the island, the ill-treatment I received from him. He would not give me time to settle with him, or otherwise I would have been there now. I only regret that ever I visited the place, as the injury it has done me, no person can ascertain like myself, through nothing but their base, slandering tongues. And I trust you will not think me the character that the paper states. I have, fortunately, by me now, the receipts of bills for many pounds that I have paid there, which they accuse me of; and I am innocent. I should have got my discharge on Saturday last, had it not been for the newspaper giving me such a base character. Unfortunately I now have to await my trial, and most likely I shall get transported, and that will break my friends' hearts, as well as my own. Ten thousand pardons do I ask you, and I beg forgiveness. Do be so kind as not to come forward to prosecute me, but write a letter to his Worship, the Lord Mayor of London, begging of him to show mercy towards me, as I will for ever thank you, and pray, for your kindness. This punishment will be a warning to me for my life, and I will for ever after become respectable and gain a honest livelihood. Take pity upon me, if you please, and write to the Mayor of London again, Saturday next, as I am tried that day. I remain your obedient Servant, "EDWARD KISSACK.
"I hope you will write by return of post, to the Lord Mayor, so as he may receive it on Saturday next, which is the day of my trial, begging of him to be merciful to me; and I hope I will get off for a little imprisonment.

My friends have got two highly respectable gentlemen, of London; Sergeant Wilde, M. P., and Charles Pearson, Esq., are the two persons; they have spoken to Messrs. Masterman and Co., as to the respectability of our family; and they, from what I can learn, will forgive me this time providing you do, and I hope you will, if you please, I will promise you never to do the like again.
"James Holmes, Esq., Douglas, Isle of Man."





DANIEL FORRESTER
. I am a police officer of the City of London. I took the prisoner into custody at the Bell Tavern—he was taken before the Lord Mayor—he requested time given him to write to his friends, and time was given him.

MR. HOLMES
re-examined. This letter purporting to be signed by me (No. 2) I know nothing whatever of—it was not signed by me, or by my authority.
(Charles Pearson, Esq. deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.
