




2129. 




JOHN BUDGELL
 and 




MARY BUDGELL
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
5th of October, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d.; 1 watch-key, value 1d.; and 1 piece of silver coin, value 1d.; the goods of 



Robert Carrington, form his person.






ROBERT CARRINGTON
. I am a private in the Scotch Fusileer guards. On Monday afternoon, the 5th of October, I was opposite the New Post-office, at about a quarter before five o'clock—the male prisoner came up to me, and said something about the Queen of Spain's service—we had a few words together—I cannot say what—his wife came up, and said, "Never mind, come on, let us go and have a pot of beer together"—we went into the King William, in Noble-street—the man was in a black frock coat, all in rags—he called for a pint of four-penny ale—he drank a glass, and gave me a glass—I took it out of his hand, but I felt quite sick, and did not drink it—I sat down on the seat, and felt quite sick—I then came on my side, and then on my back—I was not intoxicated, but I had had no dinner—I laid down, and this handkerchief was in my cap—the woman took it and placed it over my face, and I being a married man, thought it was my own wife, as I was laid down, and got stupified with laying—she unbuttoned my waistcoat partly up, so with that I went off into a sleep—when I awoke, I missed my watch, and have never seen it since—I had it when I went into the public-house—I felt it in my fob, and the ribbon was outside—the guard was round my neck, which was cut: this is it—this part was down to the watch, and it was cut by a shoemaker's knife—there was a ribbon and key attached to my watch, and a silver penny of George III.

John Budgell. I never saw him—I have sent for a gentleman who can prove we were in his house at the time of the robbery.





JANE ANDERSON
. I keep the King William in Noble-street. I recollect the soldier coming to my house—I thing it was this day three weeks—the male prisoner came in with him alone, and called for a pint of ale—the woman came in shortly after—the male prisoner told her to pay for the ale, and she paid for it—the soldier become very sick—he had been drinking, but did not appear to be tipsy—he was taken suddenly, as if he had taken some medicinal draught—the woman had a blue pocket-handkerchief in her hand, and it was placed over the prosecutor's face—he was then lying on the seat—the soldier's coat was buttoned when he came in, and when I went up to the bar, after they had left him, it was unbuttoned about four buttons, as far as the belt—he was asleep—the woman left first, and the man said, he would go and get a cab to take him home—his jacket was not unbuttoned to assist him when he was sick—I fetched a shovel full of sawdust down, and the male prisoner took it on me—I sent the girl for a broom, and he took that of her and pushed her away.





JOHN M'GARRY
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Noble-street, next door to the King William. On Monday evening, the 5th of October, the

female prisoner came and borrowed a kinife of me, and offered me 6d. for the loan of it, to cut something in the heel of her husband's shoe that hurt him—she returned it in about five or ten minutes—when she returned it, it was quite turned in the edge—it was very sharp when I gave it her—she offered me 6d. for the use of it, but I did not take any thing.

Mary Budgell. What he says is very false—I never saw him. Witness. I am clear she is the woman.





LUCY M'DONALD
. I am servant at the King William. I recollect the day the soldier was there—I saw the women there I am certain, but I connot speak so positively to the man—the soldier was not in liquor—he was sick, and my mistress sent me for a broom to sweep it up—I went, and the man who was with the woman took me by the shoulder, and said, "Here, girl, I will sweep it"—the woman said, "I am sorry to give you the trouble, but it is a misfortune, I am sorry for the poor fellow"—the soldier had a dog, and the man who was there was playing with it—I saw a blue cotton handkerchief over the soldier's face—I am quite clear about the woman, and I think the man is the same—he had a black frock coat on all torn—he kept his eyes on my mistress, who was at tea.





EDWARD M'DONALD
 (police-constable C 78.) I took the prisoners into custody at Glover's-hall-court, Beech-street—they were together—I had seen the man only three days before, but did not take him, because it was the women I chiefly wanted—I never saw him with a black coat on—I have seen him in fustian trowsers—when I took him he had a new smock-frock on; and he had that on the Tuesday, Wednesday, and Tuhursday—the woman had the same gown on she has now—I have seen the prisoners in company several times—the man generally works about the Post-office, Barbican, and Whitecross-street.

John Budgell's Defence. He came and searched my place all over, and then took me down to the sation-house—I was obliged to take of my coat, pledge it for 1s. 6d., to get a few things—I had but 2s. when I was taken—I was never in the King William in my life.





JANE ANDERSON
. He had a fustian coat on, nearly black with dirt—it wanted about a quarter to five o'clock.

JOHN BUDGELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.

MARY BUDGELL—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.




Transported for seven Years.
