




1554. 




MARY GILBERT, alias
 Davies,

 and 




MARY ROSSITER, alias
 Sullivan,

 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of April, 1 pair of half-boots, value 7s. 6d., the goods of 



George Row.






GEORGE ROW
. I live in Kingsland-road, and am a shoemaker. On the 10th of April, about half-past five o'clock, my boots were in the shop on a shelf—I had seen them safe about a quarter of an hour before I went down to tea—while I was at tea the girl called me, and I missed a pair of half-boots—these are them—(looking at them)—I took Gilbert that night—there was another person running away with her, whether it was Rossiter I cannot say—one of them dropped the boots.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I suppose you had a good many of these? A. Not a great many—they are what I call ancle boots, which

I ship for Australia for emigrants—my attention had not been called to my stock that day in particular—I can swear to these, because I had them made by a particular manufacturer—I only bought this lot of him—he most likely sells to other people—I can swear to the nailing of these—all that he makes have the same appearance—I am confident they are mine—I saw the place was vacant where they had been standing—I am positive I had lost one pair.





MARY ANN HARMAN
. I am turned of thirteen years old. I was keeping Mr. Row's shop when the two prisoners came in and asked the price of a pair of boots—I was going to call my master up, and they said, "Never mind"—Gilbert took these boots and put them under her shawl—the other was by her side—they ran out—I watched, and saw them go down Union-street—I called my master up, and went for the officer.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had you been taking care of the shop? A. When he went down to tea—nobody came in but the prisoners—I had minded the shop for a day or two before—my master did not tell me what I was to say when I came here—he asked me whether I was sure these were the two girls—Rossiter was taken the next morning—I did not tell any body the dress of the prisoners—one of them had a cap on, the other had not.





JOHN NEWELL
 (police-constable N 102.) I went to Union-street, and saw Gilbert—Mr. Row laid hold of her—he gave her in charge for stealing a pair of boots—these are the boots—I took Rossiter the next morning, outside Worship-street office—I asked Harman if she knew her—she said, "Yes, that is the girl that asked the price of the boots."

Cross-examined. Q. Did not Gilbert say she was not with the other? A. No—she said the person who took them was Mary Williams—a bystander told me that there were three persons together.

GILBERT*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

ROSSITER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Seven Years,—Penitentiary.
