



790. 




THOMAS STRATFORD
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving, on the 
16th of February, 1 gelding, 1 saddle, 1 cart, 1 horse collar, and 1 cushion, value 50l., the goods of 



Richard De La Hunt, which had lately before been stolen, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statute, &c.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





RICHARD DE LA HUNT
. I am a grocer, and live at Bushy. On Friday, the 23rd of January, I was in possession of a pony, a harness, and saddle—on the Saturday morning I went to the stable for it, and the pony, the cart, the saddle, and other things stated, were gone—I went with Pye, the constable, to Red Lion-street, Spitalfields, on the 13th of February—I saw the prisoner there—I saw my pony in the stable, and took him out—I knew him directly—I saw they had cut a piece off his tail—I found my saddle in the prisoner's house—I went the same evening, with the officer, to a house in White's-row, Whitechapel, where I found my horse collar, the cushion seat, and a part of the cart, which had my name on it—I have seen two or three docks of tails, but I cannot say whether either of them belonged to my pony.





ISAAC PYE
. I am constable of Chipping Barnet. I received information of the loss of various horses, carts, and harness, and in consequence of information, I went to Red Lion-street, Spitalfields, on the 13th of February, with the prosecutor—we found the prisoner there—I said I had come to search his premises for some horses, carts, and harness—he said he would go and get a candle and lantern—he has a very large yard there, and a great many stables, and cellars, and sheds—he got a lantern—I went into the lower stable, and there saw a bay horse, which the prosecutor owned as his—I am not aware that he saw the horse's tail at that time—I then went into the prisoner's house, and found a riding-saddle—I then, went to White's-row, which I should think is a quarter of a mile from Red Lion-street—I found this cushion there, and the prosecutor found this collar, and

part of his cart, with his name upon it—I saw two horse's docks found in a locker, in White-street—I saw one of them put to the horse, but I am not judge enough myself to know whether it belonged to him or not—William Saunders and James Griffiths came there—I asked the prisoner whose the premises were in White-street—he said they were his, that he had hired them, but he had let them to somebody else, to put something in, but he was answerable for the rent, but he could not tell me the person's name—I found a number of other articles in Red Lion-street, where he was living—I have brought some of them—they have been owned by Angas, Alwin, and Ringer, who stated they had been stolen from them.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You found the prisoner on his premises? A. Yes, and be said he would get a light—I was at his door at the time—he made no difficulty, but showed me the premises—they are large premises, and consist of different stables and sheds—they would hold a great many carts—I do not know that persons leave their carts there when they come from market—horse-hair is an article in, extensive sale—the prisoner showed his premises to me willingly—if he had not, I should have compelled him—I had employed John Comber.





JOHN COMBER
. I live near Whetstone. I know Pye, the officer—I went to him in January last—I have been in difficulties myself—I was in custody on a charge of horse-stealing, but I was not guilty then—on the 24th of January I met William Showell in Newgate-market—from what he said, I went to the Elephant and Castle, on the 29th of January—I met him again in Smithfield, on the 6th of February—I there saw a man named Thomas Douglas, and I went with him to the prisoner's stable in Red Lion-street—Douglas there showed me a cart, which he said had belonged to a grocer at Bushy—it was the same cart the prosecutor afterwards claimed—I bought it for 2l., and left 5s.—I then went with Douglas to White-street, to look at another cart-body—I bought that also—it was the cart and wheels, but the springs and axles had been taken away and pawned—I then went back to the prisoner's with Douglas—there was some conversation between the prisoner and him—we had some gin, and then I drew the cart with Douglas, to the Ram Inn, Smithfield—I pushed behind—on the Monday night following, I took away the other cart from White-street—Stratford, the prisoner, and William Saunders and two others were there—they quarrelled about the division of the money—I took Mr. De La Hunt's cart to Ham's Livery-stables in Gray's-inn-lane, and there Mr. De La Hunt saw it, and claimed it.

Cross-examined. Q. When did the prisoner say it was the gorcer's cart at Bushy? A. On the 6th of February—I had never seen him before—Douglas went to show me the cart, which was on the prisoner's premises—I went to buy it—Douglas went into Stratford's house, to him—I do not know what passed between them—Douglas said, in the presence of the prisoner, that it was a grocer's cart from Bushy, and he had said so before, but when I went to the prisoner's premises, I asked again—I had my reasons for doing so—I am a colt-breaker and a horse-dealer, by commission, for any gentleman—I have been so fourteen years, only while I was incarcerated—I get horses where I can—I have dealt in Northamptonshire in horses—I never got into any difficulty there—I never had a key turned upon me in my life, till I was in Horsemonger-lane, which was in 1830—I was liberated last February twelvemonth—I was tried, and in prison three years and two months—it was done out of spite—they made horse-stealing of it—I never was in any trouble at any other time—I was never charged by

my master, and never was before a Magistrate except once, when I suffered for it.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do persons who steal horses know something about persons who receive them? A. Yes—I found the pony on the prisoner's premises—he said the cart came from a grocer's at Bushy—I took it to the Ram Inn, and then to Gray's-inn-lane—I bought the carts from what had passed between me and Pye, for the purpose of bringing the prisoner to justice—Douglas, Showell, and the prisoner were all acquainted.





JOSEPH RINGER
. On the 8th of January, or on the morning of the 9th, I lost a cart, horse, and harness—I have seen the cart and harness since.





JOHN ALWEN
. On the night of the 6th, or the morning of the 7th of January, a cart was stolen from my shed, at Cudham, in Kent—I have seen the body of the cart since.

Prisoner's Defence. The place in White's-row I let to a man named Mitchell, who said he kept a cab, and was a horse-dealer—I did not go to the premises after I let them to him—I took the premises in Brown-lane, and this property was there—I kept a stable, to take horses, carts, and such things, to stand; and this pony was brought to stand there.





WILLIAM HUGHES
. I am a paper-stainer. I carry on business in part of Mr. Stratford's premises—I know that a painter hat part of the same premises—I have heard that others have part—I have seen people leave carts, and fruit, and vegetables there, and horses on market days—I have seen two or three brought there, and some remaining.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you a master? A. Yes; I and my brother in-law, and two sons of mine work there—I live in Greenfield-street, which is about five minutes walk from there—I do not know Showell by name—I was never in Court before.
(James Marshall and Thomas Richard Moore gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
