






741. 
               
                  
                     DENNIS 
                     CAVANNAH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SADLER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of March
, 4 cheeses, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .
MR. LEE conducted the prosecution.


                  MATTHEW 
                  WARD
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Brown
               



            , a cheesemonger
, of Grafton-street, Soho


. The prisoner Cavannah came on the Friday before the 1st of March, and purchased some firkins; on the 1st of March he came for them - Sadler was in Mr. Brown's employ as porter
; he was bringing up the firkins from the cellar, and in that cellar were some cheeses - Cavannah brought up the first four firkins empty, and put them on the pavement; the second time he brought up three, and Sadler brought up two close after him, and as Cavannah came through the shop I observed something in the firkins which he had - they were placed in a truck to be carried away; when they went into the cellar, I went to the truck and saw two cheeses, one in the load Sadler brought up, and one in the loud Cavannah brought - they then went into the cellar and Sadler brought up the hoops and heads of the firkins; he then went down, and they both came up with two firkins each - I did not go to look till they were ready to start home, and then I saw two more cheeses, one in each of the last loads they brought up; there were four cheeses in all - Cavannah was tying up the firkins; I went and said to him, "What have you got here?" he said, "I hope you won't do any thing" - I said, "No, I will take you into the shop;" Sadler then came up; I said to him,"George, what is all this about" - he said, "I do not know; I did not put them in" - I said, "Go and serve that lady;" these are the cheeses, and are of the same description as those in the cellar - the Magistrate asked Cavannah his address, and he said in Cornwall-road, I think No. 3 - I went with the Policeman, and no such person was known there, only by selling empty firkins; the officer found his lodging the next day.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long had Sadler been in the service? A. I do not know - I have only been there four months; I sent 
               
                  John 
                  Coates
               



            , the apprentice, for the officer - he was in the shop at the time; Cavannah was in the shop, and Sadler was coming up - he might be in the shop before the boy got out; I spoke loud; the boy might have heard me; I told the boy to go and get an officer directly, to take up these men; I said it was a pretty thing for George to carry on business like that, to take out goods from the shop, and give no account of it; I might point to the cheese, I do not know that I did - the cheeses were all in the shop at that time, and the firkins were out in the street, all over the place; I had thrown them into the street to get the cheese, I might make a fuss, being a little flurried; there was a mob - they must have heard me throwing the barrels about; I was quite cool - I did collar Cavannah, but did not touch Sadler at all; I did not tell the Magistrate that I found any of the cheeses in the tubs Sadler brought up - I told him the number of tubs that were brought up, and the cheeses; the Magistrate asked if I saw these two men bring up cheese, and I said, Yes, but I did not mention Sadler's name; I said, "The two prisoners," and Sadler was one of them - Cavannah was out in the street when I collared him, but I let him go before the officer came; Sadler did not make any attempt to go away; I saw the tubs with cheese in them brought up by the two prisoners - I saw those that came up the first time were empty; I saw the cheese in them as they passed through the shop - the first tubs that came up had hoops on, so that no cheese could be in them.
JURY. Q. Is it possible to put a cheese into the tub with hoops on? A. No.
Prisoner Cavannah. I have bought firkins there repeatedly; they were put one in another in the cellar - they take the hoops off to get the butter out. Witness. But we put them on again, because we get money for them - it is the porter's work to put them on.
MR. LEE. Q. You brought Cavannah into the shop, and Sadler was coming out of the cellar? A. Yes - the firkins were in the street, and the cheese in the shop.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILSON
               



            . I am a constable. I took Cavannah into custody, and at the office he said he lived at No. 3, Cornwall-road; I made inquiry the next day, and found he lived at No. 7 or 8, Prospect-place; I found his wife, searched the house, and found two cheeses, and two Bath chops.
Prisoner Cavannah. I gave the address to where I was best known, and where I had lived - I had sold firkins there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I took Sadler in custody to Marlborough-street; I went to the address Cavannah gave, and found three or four No. 3's, and no such person was known; I heard from a boy that he had seen such a person, and I went to Pear's cooperage, and got information there; I went to Prospect-place and found his wife, who showed me their residence - he was then in custody.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You took Sadler? A. Yes, on the 1st of March; he went quietly.
COURT. Q. Did you see Mr. Brown there? A. Yes -Mr. Ward stated what he had done.
Sadler's Defence. On the 1st of March Cavannah came for the casks; I took him into the cellar and showed them to him - I went into the next cellar, and got the heads; I carried up six tubs, and when we had put them into the truck, I went to get the heads and hoops - I heard a noise of throwing the tubs about; the shopman called me - I went up; he pointed to the cheese, and asked what I meant by the cheese being in the tubs; I said I knew nothing of it.
CAVANNAH 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 46.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SADLER GUILTY. Aged 18.




               Recommended to mercy by the Jury, thinking Cavannah had le him astray
            .




               Confined One Year
            .
