





379. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HILL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December
, 1 watch, value 2l. 18s.; 1 seal, value 1s., and a watch-key, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Strickland
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  STRICKLAND
               



            . I am a widow 
- I live in Green-street, Leicester-square


, and get my living by letting my house. The prisoner came to lodge with me on the 12th of November - he called himself a coachspring maker, and said he worked for a gentleman in Long-acre; he went out eight days after he came to me; he said his father was dangerously ill, that he had left two doctors with him, and he should come to a great deal of property; I had a watch, seal, and key, wrapped in a white silk handkerchief - I put them into this half cocoanut, and that into the bottom drawer; on the 14th of December the prisoner called in and asked me to go for some beer, which I did, and when I returned he was gone - the handkerchief, watch, seal and key, were missing; he had the seal in his possession in the evening, when I had him taken at my house.


                  JONATHAN 
                  RIDER
               



            , (Police-constable, C 5.) The prosecutrix sent for me on the 14th of December - I found the prisoner there, and took him; I found this seal on him - and some money in his trunk; I found no trace of the watch, but I found in his box this paper, with the models of wards of keys on it.
Prisoner. The prosecutrix lent me the seal on the 11th of December, to seal a letter.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  STRICKLAND
               



            . I did, and I stood by his side while he sealed it; then I put it into the cocoanut again - I did not untie it on the 13th of December, and say it was so much trouble to do so - I had seen my watch safe half an hour before I went out; there was a lady there from ten to twelve o'clock, but she was gone before I lost the watch - no one but you could have taken it; the seal was tied to the watch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
