




768. 




THOMAS SMITH
 and 




WILLIAM CROOK
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
13th of February, 1 bag, value 5s., and 168 baskets, value 12l. 15s., the goods of 



John Nicholas Jeandin.






JOHN NICHOLAS JEANDIN
. I live in Leather-lane, Holborn, and am a basket-maker. On the 12th of February, the prisoner Smith came to my shop, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening—he gave me an order for 168 baskets, which I was to send him the next day—they came to 12l. 15s. 9d., and were to be paid for when they were delivered, and he asked me for ten per cent. discount—he said he was a general dealer, and he was to send these into the country for an order, that he lived at No. 15, Minerva-street, Cambridge-heath—I was to send them there the next morning, between ten and eleven o'clock, and he promised to pay my foreman as soon as he took the goods—I sent my foreman and porter there the next day, and gave them orders not to leave the goods without the money—this is my bag, in which the goods were sent—it has my name on it, and "No. 2"—these are thirty-three of the baskets which I sent.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had you ever seen Smith before? A. No—I saw the baskets packed up—Smith himself promised to pay for the goods on delivery—I carry on business in a large way—I go over to France sometimes—my foreman carries on business in my absence—he is not in partnership with me.





JOHN NICHOLAS METTAVANT
. I am the prosecutor's foreman. I went with the porter with these baskets, on the 13th of February, to take then to Minerva-street—I saw the prisoner Smith, at No. 15, there—the porter put down the baskets before the door—Smith said, "Have you got the bill of these goods?"—I said, "Yes"—I took it out of my pocket and gave it to him—he asked if I had a receipt—I said "No"—he then asked if I had change for a 20l. note—I said I had no change at all—he then called out, "William, have you got any money to pay this man?"—Crook came forward—Smith then took something out of his pocket-book, gave it to Crook, and said, "Go along with this young man and pay him"—I then went with him to a public-house, and Crook said he could get no change there—we then went into another public-house—Crook went in and escaped by the backdoor—I went with him, expecting he was going to get change—I saw no more of him nor Smith—I went back to Minerva-street, and the baskets were gone—I knocked at No. 15, and there was no answer—the porter left the baskets in Minerva-street, in the presence of Smith.

Cross-examined. Q. What did you go to get change for? A. For a 20l. note—the porter went with me and Smith—the porter had put the baskets on the pavement, and when we came back we could not find them—we did not leave them in the house—Smith was close by them when we left them.





EDWARD BRICK
. I am the porter. I took the baskets to No. 15,

Minerva-street—my matter told us not to leave them without the money—we were to bring back the goods or the money—I carried them in this bag—I saw Smith there, standing in his own door—I put down the bag of baskets on the foot-way—it would not go in at the door, it was so narrow—Smith then put his hand into his pocket and took out 2d.—he said, "Here is 2d., go to the top of the street, you will see a public-house there, go and get a pint of beer for yourself"—I turned back, because I had a cord, which I took off the baskets—the foreman and Smith were then standing opposite the door—Smith asked him if he had brought any receipt—he said no, but he had brought the bill—Smith then asked if he had change for a 20l. note—he said he had not—Smith then called to some man, "Thomas," and the other prisoner came out of the house—Smith then took out a pocket-book, and took out a paper, but I could not see what it was—he said to him, "Go and get change for this 20l. note, to pay this man for the goods"—we then went to the corner of the street—there is a public-house there—Crook went in—he made no delay, but came out and said, "There is no change for me here, come along this way"—he took us about ten minutes' walk, and then he went into another public-house—I went in, in about two minutes, but I could see nothing of him—I found there was a back-door, which led into the fields—we then ran back to the house, but could not find Smith nor the goods—we knocked, but got no answer.

Cross-examined. Q. As you did not go to get the beer, how came you to go with the foreman? A. Smith said, he would take care of the goods, and that they were all right—we both went with Crook.





SUSANNAH EMMS
. I live at No. 14, Minerva-street, and am employed by Mr. Home, the landlord of the houses, to let them—No. 15 is not occupied—the prisoner Smith came on the Wednesday "before this, and took it—he said he was a traveller, and kept the markets—he came the next morning, and asked when he could have the key—I said, when his goods came in—he came on the Friday morning, and asked for the key, which my son gave him—he said, his goods were coming by a porter—Crook and another person, were with him—in about an hour, I saw the prosecutor's foreman and porter arrive with this large bag—the prisoner Smith helped it off his head—it was put down on the foot-way, as the gate was too small for it to go in—it laid partly by my gate—when the foreman and the porter were gone away with Crook, I saw no more of the prisoners—they were not there above an hour and a half altogether—they first came and asked for some water to clean the windows, which I gave them, and they put curtains to the top and bottom windows, and sanded the passage, and put some straw—a man came and brought a large tea-chest, which appeared very heavy, but we found only bricks and tiles in it.





HENRY SEAFORTH
 (police-constable K 120.) I received information, and was on the look out for Smith; and on the 14th of February, about eight o'clock in the evening, I saw him in Bethnal-green, with this sack on his back—I followed him, with my brother officer, but I said nothing to him till he was turning into a street—I then asked him what he had got—he said, "Baskets, which he had bought"—I asked him if he knew any thing about Leather-lane—he said, the man had sent the baskets down to him, that he had not stolen them, and he was going into the country to hawk them, to pay the man as he got the money; and it was better to do so, than to go stealing—there were then thirty-three baskets in the sack.





WILLIAM DAVIES
 (police-constable K 254.) I was with Seaforth—what

he has stated is correct—I took the sack and the baskets—the prosecutor claimed them.
(James Godwin, a grocer, of Shadwell; and Robert Boyd, a cheesemonger, gave Smith a good character.)

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—



Confined Twelve Months.

CROOK—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.*—


Transported for Seven Years.
