




2147. 




JULIA NEAL
 and 



MARY ANN NEAL
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
2nd of October, 1 pair of half-boots, value 5s., the goods of 



Thomas Frederick Travers.






THOMAS FREDERICK TRAVERS
. I am a boot and shoemaker, and live in Brewer's-street, Somer's-town. I have known the prisoners about four months, by their coming very frequently to the shop for straps—they lived about one street from us, with their mother—their father has left—I missed a pair of half-boots on the afternoon of the 2nd of October—these are them—I know them by being the workmanship of a man employed on the premises, and they are finished by myself—they had not been sold—they were inside, in the window.





JAMES TRAVERS
. I am assistant to the prosecutor. On the 2nd of October, in the afternoon, about three o'clock, the prisoners came for a pair of straps, to be cut for them—I cut them—they said they had been several times before, and told me the price they paid—I charged them the same—they paid me, and left—they came again in about an hour, for another pair rather shorter—about six o'clock my brother came home, and missed a pair of boy's boots from the side window where Mary Ann, the youngest prisoner, had stood—there had been no persons in the shop but these prisoners, from that time—I said I should know them—my brother desired me to give them into custody—these are the boots that were missed.





JAMES FRANCE
. I am an apprentice to Mr. Griffiths, pawnbroker, of Ossulston-street, Somer's-town. This pair of boots was pledged by Julia

Neal, at our shop, on the evening of the 2nd of October, for 2s., in the name of Ann Neal—I have seen her come there before to pledge shoes, at different times, and am quite sure she is the person.

Julia Neal. My father used to sell gaiter-straps and new shoes—he desired me to go for a pair of straps—I went to this gentleman's shop—he said if they were too long he could change them—I took them, they were too long—I came back and got a shorter pair—I did not take any thing out of his shop—a week after I went for tea and sugar, and the witness came and said, "Did you take any thing?"—I said, "No"—he said, "Was not you in the shop"—I said, "Yes; for a pair of straps"—I never pawned any thing at all—I am not the person—he is quite wrong—my father did not agree with my mother, and did not live with her.





JAMES FRANCE
. I am certain of her person—I had seen her several times before, and distinctly swear she is the person—there are nineteen or twenty pairs in their name—some have been pledged by them—I cannot say all have.

COURT
to
JAMES TRAVERS. Q. The youngest prisoner stood nearest the boots? A. Yes; the eldest might have taken them, coming in.

JULIA NEAL—


GUILTY
. Aged 12.—


Transported for Seven Years.

MARY ANN NEAL—


NOT GUILTY
.
