






1094. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SCULTHORPE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ISAAC 
                     LEVY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of March
, 1 looking-glass frame, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Crawford 
                           Boone
                        




                     
                  ; and that the said Isaac Levy had been before convicted of felony
            .
JAMES BENNETT. I am eleven years old; I live withmy father and mother, in Fox-court, Gray's Inn-lane - I go to school and to church. On the 20th of March I saw the two prisoners at the corner of Fox-court


; Sculthorpe remained there, and Levy went and took a looking-glass off a table in Mr. Boone's shop, which is about twenty yards off; I could see him do that from the corner of the court - he then went to Sculthorpe, and they dropped the glass between them, and broke the frame; they then picked up each of them a half, and ran down Fox-court, and into Feather's-court - I called Stop thief! but there was no one in the way; I lost them then, but I saw them in custody a week afterwards, and knew them; I knew them by sight before.
Levy. He said at the examination he would not swear we were the persons, as he only saw the back of them. Witness. No, I did not; I said it was these men - I saw both their faces; I did not go to the prosecutor at first, because I thought I would see where the prisoners went.


                  MARY 
                  KING
               



            . I am a widow, and live in Fox-court. I saw two men in Feather's-court; Sculthorpe was one of them, and he had part of a glass in his hand - the other man was in dark clothes, but I cannot be certain of his person.
Sculthorpe. On the first examination she said she saw a man with a flannel jacket. Witness. No, I said I saw you with part of the glass in your hand; I pointed you out, but did not know your name.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  MARIA BOONE
               



            . I am the wife of William Crawford Boone. On the 20th of March a dressing-glass was taken from our shop; I saw it safe about three o'clock; it was cut from a string in the shop - Bennett told me of it, and told me who the parties were.
Levy. Q. Was there not a young man who told you before Bennett? A. Yes, but he did not know who you were.


                  RICHARD 
                  BAYLIS
               



             (Police-constable G 67.) I apprehended the prisoners on the 27th of March, at the Three Tuns in Brook-street; they beat and kicked me about very much, and said if they were at liberty they would knife me - there were between twenty and thirty very bad characters in the house; my hat was twice cut through with a poker - we were obliged to send to the station for assistance before they could be got out, and this knife was thrown open into the crowd.


                  MOSES 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am a constable. I was present at the trial of Levy in this Court, and I produce a copy of his former conviction - (read) - I know he is the man.
SCULTHORPE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LEVY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
