




1689. 




GEORGE BIGGS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of April, 1 jacket, value 11s.; 1 waistcoat, value 9s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 14s.; and 1 pair of boots, value 10s.; the goods of 



William Manwaring, the younger.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM MANWARING, JUN
. I am the son of William Manwaring—I live with Colonel Bird, in Howland-street. I was going to Burwash to see my father and mother, on the 17th of April—I gave my uncle, who is a carrier, a bundle containing the articles stated to carry down, at the Nag's Head, in the Borough, he put it into the middle of his cart—I went down with him, and when we got to Grinstead-green, we missed the bundle—these are the articles—(looking at them.)





JOHN MANWARINO
. I am the prosecutor's uncle. I received the bundle from him, and missed it on Grinstead-green—I found a large hole had been cut in the truss that the things were in—they could not have been got at unless a person got up behind—I also lost fifty-three yards, of coloured cloth beside—I had left London about nine o'clock that night—it was very dark and wet.





HAMMOND SMITH
 (police-constable R 75.) I stopped the prisoner on Tanner's-hill, Deptford, between ten and eleven o'clock, on the night of the 17th of April—he had this bundle—I asked him where he was going—he said he wanted a bed, and he was going to Seven Oaks—I asked what he had got in his hand—he said he was a pot-boy, he had come from White-chapel, and they were his clothes—I asked if he had worn them—he said, "Yes, two or three times"—I took him to the station-house, and found they were not half big enough for him—there was some cold meat in the bundle—it was quite clean and dry, though it had been raining for two hours.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going to Seven Oaks the next day—I was going by New Cross, and saw the bundle in the road—there were some other things found the next day in a field.





HAMMOND SMITH

re-examined. The roll of cloth was found in a field—and the next day the prisoner said he stole them all.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
