




54. 




JOHN SULLIVAN
 and 



THOMAS DIXON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
29th of October, 1 purse, value 1d.; 1 brooch, value 1s.; 1 apron, value 1s.; 1 shilling, and 6 sixpences, the goods and monies of 




Frances Bazzil, from her person.


MR. ESPINASSE
conducted the Prosecution.





FRANCES BAZZIL
. I live in Theobald's-road, and am servant to Mr. Jones. On the night of the 29th of October, I was in an omnibus—I got out about a quarter to ten o'clock, at the bottom of Chancery-lane—I felt unwell, and was very giddy—I went a little way and sat down on a step-in about five minutes the prisoner Sullivan came to me—he had been on the seat of a cab—he said, "Dear, where are you going?"—I said, "Home as fast as I can"—he said he was only going a little way further up to Southampton-buildings, and he would take me home—he said nothing else—I went after the cab to Southampton-buildings—I then got into the cab,

and he drove on—he asked me where I lived, and I told him, but he did not go to Theobald's-road—he drove on about ten minutes, and I looked up and saw it was Bow-street—he said it was his mistake, he would give the horse some water and take me home—he then went on to Bow-street stand, and while there, he called a man by the name of Tom—that was the prisoner Dixon, who came to him, and Sullivan whispered to him—they gave the bores some water—they did not stop above two or three minutes—Sullivan then got into the cab, and Dixon got on the top and drove—Sullivan asked me if I had any money—I told him "No"—he wanted me to have something to drink—I refused it—we went on to St. Martin's-lane—Sullivan did not get out of the cab there, but be called Dixon to the window—Dixon went into a public-house and got some gin, and brought it to the cab door—Sullivan poured it out, and offered it to me—I refused it—Sullivan put it up to my mouth, and made me take it—I took about three parts of it—Dixon drove on, and I looked up and asked where I was—Sullivan said, "At Charing Cross," and I called a policeman—Sullivan was in the cab the whole time—he took improper liberties with me—I am sixteen years old—I called the policeman—Sullivan got out and got on the seat of the cab, and drove off, with me in the cab—when I first went in the cab, I had six sixpences and one shilling in a purse, and a brooch and an apron—they were all in my handkerchief—I had the handkerchief in my hand at Bow-street, when Sullivan got into the cab, and when he asked me whether I had got any money, and then I put it into my pocket—when Sullivan got out my handkerchief was on the step of the cab—I missed the money and the things, and a pair of clogs, when he got out—atthe time he took these liberties with me I kicked him with my clogs—he took them off my feet and put them behind him-whether he put them on the seat or in his pocket, I cannot tell—I missed them—it was one of the shut-up cabs—the seat of the driver was at the top, at the back of his horse—Sullivan gave Dixon directions to go to Poor Man's Corner and get the gin—Sullivan got out of the cab somewhere near Charing Cross—I got out as soon at I could, near Charing Cross—I fell in getting out, because the cab was going on—my money was in a rusty black silk purse, with white and gold beads on it—the tassels were made of gold beads—I have not seen it since—this is the brooch I lost—(looking at it)—when Dixon brought the gin he pressed me to take it.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Who do you live with? A. With Mr. Jones, he is a singer at Drury-lane—I have lived with him about two months—there is no other servant—he has apartments—I had been to Mile-end, to see my mistress, with whom I had lived before—I went about half-past twelve o'clock in the day—I had had a fit at my mistress's, just before I left—I was not in convulsions-no medical man was called in—I had my meals there—I knew I was not going in the direction to Theobald's-road when I was at Bow-street—I told Sullivan so—he said be would give the horse some water, and then take me home—he poured the gin down my throat—I cried out, but the people passed by and took no notice—I did not see any policemen walking about—I saw nobody—the cab was closed up with blinds—Sullivan opened the window at the back of the door, to get the gin in, and he put his handkerchief before my mouth—Tom merely got up and drove, while Sullivan got into the cab and sat with me—I cried out, when I found they were stopping in St. Martin's-lane, while Dixon was gone for gin, and Sullivan put his hand to my mouth—I saw Dixon again

the same night—he was taken into custody about half-past twelve o'clock, I think—I went and complained to the police, and then had him taken—I saw him somewhere by the Strand, he was with an open cab.

Sullivan. Q. Did I not ask you to have a ride? A. No, I followed you to Southampton-buildings, and you told me to wait a bit-you asked me where I lived, and I got into the cab—you drove me to Bow-street—I cannot say which way you went-you went on the stand, and asked Dixon to drive the cab—you then went to St. Martin's-lane, and there we had the gin.

Sullivan. The gin we had in New-street, Lincoln's-Inn Fields.

COURT. Q. Are you now living with Mr. Jones? A. Yes-and before that I lived in Holborn, with Mrs. Cottrell, and before that at Mr. Merritt's, London-wall—I have a father and mother, I do not know where they live—they have gone away somewhere—it is about two months since I lost sight of them—my father is a combmaker—he used to live in Bishopsgate-street—I am their only child—it is about three years since I lived with them—they have not seen me constantly—I have gone to see them—it is my own mother—Mr. Jones is married, and lives with his wife.





JONATHAN HAYTON
. I live in Southampton-buildings. I came to Town on Monday, the 29th of October—I had hired a cab to carry some luggage, and I had a friend with me—I and my friend walked behind the cab to Southampton-buildings—Sullivan drove—we arrived at Southampton-buildings about ten o'clock, I think—I saw a girl standing near the door—she remained there while we were taking out the luggage—it was a close cab—I believe a yellow one, with the seat at the top of it—I spoke to Sullivan when I engaged the cab—I am certain he is the person.

Sullivan. Q. You hired me at Covent-garden? A. Yes.





ROBERT ST. CLAIR JONES
. I live in Theobald's-road, and am a singer. The prosecutrix was in my service—on the 29th of October she had permission to go and see her friends—she had been paid her wages that morning—I know this brooch—(looking at it)—it had been given her by Mrs. Jones—I have heard the prosecutrix say that she was subject to fits.





ROOK TIFFIN LIGHTFOOT
. I live at Southampton-buildings—I was in company with Mr. Hayton—I saw the luggage taken out at Southampton-buildings—I saw a girl by the side, and saw Sullivan and her in conversation—I believe the prosecutrix to be the girl.





JOHN WELHAM
. I live with Mrs. Pullen; she keeps the Bull's Head, at the corner of St. Martin's-lane and Chandos-street. On the night of the 29th of October, a cab—man came and called for 6d. worth of gin, in a half-pint measure—he took it outside the door—I should think he was out three minutes, not more—I do not recollect the man's face—I cannot swear to him.





EDWARD JOHN PALMER
 (police-constable A 86.) I was on duty between eleven and twelve o'clock, on the 29th of October, in Whitehall—I saw a cab going with considerable speed towards Charing Cross-two persons were on the seat-in about two minutes afterwards the prosecutrix was running after the cab, in the middle of the road, crying, "Stop that cab "—it went on at increased speed—I followed it till it got on to Buckingham-court—I then called to Goodchild to pursue it—I took the prosecutrix to the station-house—she was very bad there—she went into hysterics in the station-house, and said she had been robbed.





SAMUEL GOODCHILD
 (police-constable A 36.) I went in pursuit of the


cab as far as St. James's-square—I then went to the station-house, and saw the prosecutrix in strong hysterics—I afterwards went with her to Southampton-buildings—she pointed out a place to me there—I after that went to the cab—stand in Agar-street-before I got on the stand a man called out, "My eyes, Tom!" with an oath—the prosecutrix was with me—I saw three or four persons talking together—she pointed out Dixon directly she saw him—I gave her a caution, but she persisted in saying he was the man—she told Dixon what he had done—he burst into tears, and said he hoped I would not detain him—he bid his fellow cab—man good night, and said he was sure he should not come back again—the prosecutrix saw him at the station—she still said he was the man—I found 5s. on him, and his badge.

Cross-examined. Q. You found him with an open cab A, Yes, I did.





NICHOLAS PEARCE
. I am an inspector of the A Division. I was at the station on the 29th of October—the prosecutrix was brought in by the two officers—she was very much agitated—she was there a quarter of an hour before she could make any statement—she then made a statement to me—I sent for a surgeon—on the following evening, Tuesday, I was in search of the other cab—man—I was near Drury-lane Theatre, about nine o'clock, or a quarter before, and saw Sullivan go into the Old Drury wine vaults—I followed, and asked him if he had a fare from there the night before—he said he had two gentlemen—I asked where he took them to—he said to Southampton-buildings—I asked if he had a fare after that—he said, "Yes," a female he took up there—I told him I was an officer, and to be cautious of what he said, as I charged him with robbing that female, and attempting to violate her person—he said, "I did not rob her"—I theft conveyed him to the station—I searched him, and found upon him two duplicates, and the part of the brooch produced in his fob pocket—it has been identified by Mr. Jones and the prosecutrix—I was before the Magistrate when the prisoners were there—they made a statement—it was taken down, and read over to them—they were not asked to sign it in my presence—I know the handwriting of Mr. White, the Magistrate—this is his signature—(read)—"The prisoner Sullivan says, the young woman called out, 'Cabby, I want a ride'—she followed me to where I set the two gentlemen down—I asked her where she was going—she said, 'Any where'—I offered her a glass of gin, and I had a glass—the young man asked where he should drive to—I told him, Charing Cross—the female asked where she was—I told her—she insisted on getting out, and then I got on the box."

SULLIVAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Ten Years.

DIXON—


NOT GUILTY
.
