





NEW COURT. FRIDAY, JULY 13.
Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1266. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     AYRES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of June
, 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence
            , the monies of 
               
                  John 
                  Hill
               




            , Jun.
JOHN HILL, JUN. I live in Lower Frederick-street, Connaught-square. On the 14th of June I went to Shepherd's-bush


, fishing; I saw the prisoner there, begging -I gave him 1d.; I then bathed in the water - I left my clothes by the side, and saw the prisoner at that time on a hedge by the side; I had left 1s. 6d. loose in my trousers pocket - I am quite sure that in drawing off my clothes I did not throw it out; while I was in the water the prisoner came down to the water-side - he saw me looking at him, and he ran up again to where I had left him; when I got out of the water I found the canvas case of a fishing-rod, which I had rolled tightly up, and put into my pocket upon my money, was taken out, the pocket drawn partly out, and the money gone; the prisoner had then left - when I put the case into my pocket I am sure my money was safe - it was a very large case, and filled my pocket completely; I saw the prisoner and two other boys in a lane near there - I asked if he had my money; he said he had not, but he ran away as hard as he could directly I turned my back - I gave information to a Police-constable.
JOHN GANNON. I am a Police-constable. I received information from Hill - I went to the prisoner's father's house, I saw his sister at the door - I asked her if she knew any thing about her brother; I thought from the description that he was the boy - she said he had run down Wood-lane; I was not satisfied, and went to the back of the house, where I found him concealed behind a door ina back room - I asked what he did with the money which he took out of the gentleman's pocket: he said he did not take the money out of his pocket, but he found 1s. by the side of his waistcoat - I searched him, and found on him 9d. in copper, and a knife; the lads who were with him are not here.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not rob the gentleman - I found 1s. 6d. by the side of the clothes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 12. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
