



1943. 




JOHN WILLIAM BERTRAM
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of July, 1 pair of emerald bracelets in gold, value 100l.; 1 emerald brooch in gold, value 20l.; 1 pair of gold snaps, value 10l.; 1 emerald bracelet, value 20l.; and 6 morocco cases, value 50l.; of the goods and merchandise of Sigismund Leidersdorf, in a certain ship, called the Victoria, in the 
Export Dock belonging to the river Thames.-Twelve other COUNTS, trying the charge, and stating the property to belong to different persons.


MESSRS. ADOLPHUS
and
ESPINASSE
conducted the Prosecution.





JAMES CAZALY
. I am clerk to Messrs. Doxan, merchants, in Bishops-gate-street. On the 24th of July, I packed up a case of jewellery, a wooden case, enclosed in tin, covered with canvas, and marked with the Queen's seal, at the Custom House—I put six morocco boxes in it—there was an emerald and brilliant-necklace, and the other articles stated—I delivered them to Richard Rawlins Hinckesman, to take to the Custom House—they are the property of Sigismund Leidersdorf—this is the case packed them in—(looking at it)—this is one of the rings I put in the case—it is an emerald ring, set in fine gold—this waist-buckle is emerald set in fine gold—this brooch is emerald, set in gold-all these articles were sent in that box—the value of this case of jewellery is about 500l.





RICHARD RAWLINS HINCKESMAN
. I am Custom House clerk to

Messrs. Doxan. I saw the case packed—it was delivered to me, and not out of my sight till I delivered it to the mate of the Victoria, about one o'clock, on the 24th of July, in the presence of a Custom House officer—the mate went towards the cabin with it—he is not here.





EDWARD JOHNSON
. The mate of the Victoria employed me to clean some brass-work, on board that ship, on the 26th of July-no one was on board but the prisoner and me—the prisoner was steward and cook—he desired me to get him a knife—I gave him a knife—he asked me to jump down into the cabin, and hand him up this box—I went down, took the box, and asked if it was his—he said, "Yes"—he had told me it was in the pantry, and I gave it him from there—he told me to take it forwards, put it into the galley, and cut it open—I asked him if it was his-be said, "Yes, it is mine, don't fear"—I refused to cut it—he took it, and broke it open—it was a box covered with stuff like sacking, to the best of my belief this is the box—(looking at it)—he cut it open, and took out some red morocco cases, and while he was taking them out, he dropped an ear-ring—I picked it up, and he said, "Give it to me"—he pat the morocco cases in between his shirt and skin—he said, "Get me the chain-hook"—I fastened the chain-book to the case, and he told me to check it overboard—I did so—the chain-hook sank it—the vessel was then in the Export Dock, at Poplar.





GEORGE LAW
. I am shopman to Mr. Vesper, a pawnbroker, in the Commercial-road. On the 26th of July, a person of the name of Corner who is in the same house with me, came to me when I came into the shop, and produced this brooch, on which 10s. had been lent—I went to the Exmouth Arms, in the Commercial-road—I there saw the prisoner and two women—I observed the prisoner had a brilliant and emerald ring, which is not here—I asked him if he would sell the ticket of this brooch, (as I was perfectly sensible it must have been stolen, seeing it was real emerald)—he said, "Yes, for 1l. "—I gave him a sovereign for it, he had a piece of wood in his jacket-pocket—I asked him what that was, he said there was a watch inside it—I asked him if that was the way they brought things out of the Dock without paying the duty—he said, "Yes"—I offered him 2l. for the ring he had on his finger, and then 3l.—he would not take it—when I saw the wood he took me out of the room, and produced, this other brooch, and asked me to give him a sovereign for it, which I did—I went to our shop, and told our young man I should go to Lambeth-street, and if the prisoner brought any thing else, to keep an eye on him, and take what he could as low as he could—the prisoner said he came from the Victoria—this brooch is worth about 40l. or 50l.

Prisoner. Q. Did I take you out of the room? A. Yes, you did.





WILLIAM NATHAN
. I produce a gold watch, which I got from the prisoner—I lent him 2l. on it—I have shown it to several persons—they say it is worth about 7l.





JAMES CAZALY

re-examined. The things are all right, except one large emerald drop, which has not been found, and a pair of gold snaps—the Custom-agent is here to take them—they were bonded.

Prisoner's Defence. I was in liquor when I did it—I did not what I was about.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.



Transported for Ten Years.
