







126. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILCKES
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SKIPPS
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     CAIN
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the warehouse of 
                     
                        William 
                        Sewell
                     



                   and 
                     
                        
                           Jonathan 
                           Wholey
                        




                     
                  , on the 18th of November
, at St. Michael, Crooked-lane, and stealing 1 dial, value 5l.; 72 pencils, value 3s.; 28 ozs. of nutmegs, value 10s. 6d.; 15 lbs. of raisins, value 14s., and 5 lbs. of figs, value 2s. 6d., their property; 1 pair of trousers, value 5s.; 2 coats, value 20s., and 1 waistcoat, value 5s., the goods of the said William Sewell; 1 coat, value 10s.; 1 pair of boots, value 20s.; 3 pairs of shoes, value 15s.; 1 hat, value 5s., and 3 brushes, value 4s., the goods of the said Jonathan Wholey
            .


                  PHILIP 
                  HENRY PARISH
               



            . I am a City-officer. On Sunday morning, the 18th of November, I was on the approach to London-bridge, on the City side, about a quarter to eight o'clock - I saw the prisoner Shipps with a bagover his shoulder, between some new buildings in Miles-lane; I crossed over to ask what he had got, and missed him - I walked towards Cannon-street, and when I got to the top of the lane I saw him and Cain together; Cain had a parcel under his arm and a bag - Skipps still had his bag over his shoulder; I followed them till I saw Evans - I spoke to him; we followed them - he went after Skipps, and I went after Cain, and asked what he had got - he said,"Only a piece of wood;" I opened the bag, and found it was a dial - while I was doing so he ran away; there was nobody to leave the dial with or to stop him, and he got away; I got information, and found him in a house in Fryingpan-alley - I took a pair of shoes off his feet, which the prosecutor identified; I passed down Cannon-street, and met Wilckes with a bag over his shoulder - I stopped him, and asked what he had got; he said I might look - I took him to the watch-house, and found six coats in it, and some boots and shoes; he was dressed in a coat, waistcoat, trousers, shoes, and hat, which are identified by the prosecutors - in his pocket were various articles, which are claimed also.
JOSIAH EVANS. I am a street-keeper. I have heard Parish's evidence - it is correct; I secured Skipps, and asked him what he had got - he said some plums; I asked what else - he said nothing else; I said, "I shall look in your bag;" he said I had better, if I was not satisfied: I found he had got figs, plums, and nutmegs, in the bag - I took a pair of shoes off him at the watch-house, and he had got some bad coins in his shoes.
MR. 
               
                  JONATHAN 
                  WHOLEY
               



            . I am a wholesale grocer
, and am in partnership with William Sewell; our warehouse is No. 129, Upper Thames-street


 - we did not live there. On Saturday night, the 17th of November, I left the warehouse at 7 o'clock in the evening, and was the last person there; the warehouse was entirely fastened up, and all the property secure: about eight o'clock on Sunday morning my attention was directed to the warehouse - I found it had been entered through a sky-light, several panes of glass were broken, a rope fixed to it, and they had let themselves down; they had got out the same way - they could get on the sky-light through some new buildings behind the warehouse; I have seen the property produced - it all belongs to me and my partner, and was all secure on Saturday night; the dial belongs to the firm.
Wilckes. The other young man was quite drawn in by us; I am very sorry it has happened - I am a German, and have been six years in this country, starving, and do not know how to get my living.
WILCKES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
SKIPPS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
CAIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.






               Transported for Life
            .
