






881. 
               
                  
                     ELLEN 
                     CRAWLEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     TURPIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of April
, 1 basket, value 3d., and 90 oranges, value 18d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Baines
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BAINES
               



            . I am a fruit-salesman
, in Covent-garden-market


. I lost this basket and oranges from my stand on the 3rd of April, about four o'clock in the afternoon; I had seen Turpin near the stand.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HERBERT
               



            . I am a fruiterer. I was near the prosecutor's stand; I saw Turpin take this basket of oranges, and give it to Crawley; I followed her round a corner, and took her with it - I sent to the prosecutor, who had them both taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I am constable of Covent-gardenmarket, and took the prisoners; in going along Turpin asked if I would let the young one go, as she knew nothing about it.
Turpin's Defence. I was going down the market, and met a friend; we went and had something to drink - she then met her husband, and they had some words; she said she had bought some oranges, and asked me to go and get them; she had left her boy with them - I went, but did not see the boy; I took up this basket, thinking it was hers - I said to this girl, "If you will take this up to the top shop, I will go and look for the boy;" that is all I know.
TURPIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CRAWLEY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
