





1983. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  HURLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of October
, 1 watch, value 5l.; 1 chain, value 1l.; 1 seal, value 10s., and 3 keys, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Watkin 
                        Lloyd
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WATKIN 
                  LLOYD
               



            . I am a porter
. On the 18th of October, about eleven o'clock at night, I was going home, perfectly sober, and met the prisoner at the lower end of Bishopsgate-street


 - she came against me, laid hold of my arm, and asked where I was going; I said home - she asked me to walk with her; I said No, and just at that time I felt my watch going out of my fob - I felt, and is was gone; I caught hold of her, and said she had my watch - she denied it; I called a watchman, who came instantly, and she immediately popped it into my waistcoat pocket - she had taken it from my fob; I did not know her before, and had given her no encouragement.


                  ROBERT 
                  DIXON
               



            . I am an officer. I was passing Bishopsgate-street, and saw a young man, a comapanion of the prisoner's, peeping round the corner, and saw the prosecutor struggling with the prisoner; I could see part of the chain hanging down in her hand - as soon as the young man round the corner saw me he ran away; I ran up, secured the prisoner, and saw her put the watch into Lloyd's waistcoat pocket.
Prisoner. The prosecutor was quite in liquor; my sister came to the watch-house, and saw him - he could hardly stand. Witness. He was perfectly sober.
Prisoner's Defence. I met him in Bishopsgate-street quite in liquor - I spoke to him, and we turned up Skinner-street; he asked where I lived, and said he would go home with me, but all in a moment he said, "Stop, I have lost my watch;" I said he had not lost it in my company - he said he had, and struck me, and it was I that called the watchman, who came up; I said he had charged me with robbery - he felt, and said his watch was in his pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
