





2055. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     PRYOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 6th of October
, of an evil-disposed person, 14 silver spoons, value 4l.; 2 table-cloths, value 5s.; 1 towel, value 1s.; 1 pair of shears, value 14s., and 1 pair of spectacles, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Collier
                        




                     
                  , she well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  JAMES 
                  COLLIER
               



            . I 
keep the Two Chairmen public-house, Ward-street, St. James'




. On the 5th of October I went to bed at half-past twelve o'clock - I got up at six in the morning, found my house broken open, and missed the articles stated in the indictment - my bar was broken open; I went to Marlborough-street that morning, and between eleven and twelve o'clock Valentine went with me to Mr. Crush, a pawnbroker, in Museum-street, where I found ten spoons and a pair of silver spectacles, which I am certain are mine by the marks; next morning I saw the prisoner at the same shop, in the act of pawning two table-cloths and a pair of shoes of mine - Crush had detained her; she was a stranger - I gave her in charge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRUSH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 6th of October, between eight and nine o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to my shop, and pawned six tea-spoons and two salt-spoons, for 19s., in the name of Mary Roberts, No.22, Compton-street - she said she brought them from her mother; she came in again about an hour, and pawned the spectacles for 3s., and two other tea-spoons for 5s., in the same name, and said they were for her mother, who had some money to make up - Collier came in about an hour; I showed him the articles, and he claimed them - she came again the following morning with shoes and table-cloths; I detained her - Collier happened to come in, and claimed them; I sent for an officer.


                  JAMES 
                  COLLIER
               



            . I went to No. 22, Compton-street; she was not known there.


                  THOMAS 
                  BUTTRESS
               



            . I am an officer, and took her into custody.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. They were given to me by a strange man; I did not know they were stolen.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
