





496. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     GLASGOW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th February
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Finley
                        




                     
                  , she having been before convicted of felony
            .


                  MARY 
                  FINLEY
               



            . I keep a haberdasher's shop
 in Stepney


- on the 8th of February, at half-past two o'clock, the prisoner came into my shop and asked to look at some silk handkerchiefs - I showed her one out of the window - she said it was too thin - I then turned some out of a box - a man came in without shoes, begging - I said I had nothing to give him - he snatched the handkerchief, which I was showing to the prisoner, and ran away - I had seen him standing on the left of the window when the prisoner came in - I ran to the door and cried "Stop thief!" but not knowing which way the man run, I returned to the shop, recollecting that I had left the handkerchiefs on the counter - I then pushed the prisoner to the door, but Mrs. Freeman called to me to detain her, as she belonged to the man - I then told her, if she would tell me where the man was, that I might get the handkerchief, she might go - but she would not.


                  SARAH 
                  FREEMAN
               



            . I live opposite Mrs. Finley - I was standing at my window about half-past two o'clock, and saw the prisoner come up the street, and stop at the window - a young man was with her without shoes and stockings - they were conversing together, and stopped at her window - they were talking together - the prisoner went into the shop - the young man waited by the window - I saw Mrs. Finley show the prisoner some handkerchiefs, and the man went in and snatched the handkerchief, and came out - I saw it was a red handkerchief - he folded it up and put it in his bosom - I had seen them about three minutes, and looking in at the window.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES
               



             (police-constable, K 256.) I took the prisoner - she had no money on her, nothing but a small knife - I took her about twenty minutes before three o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTSON
               



            . I was a constable - I have a certificateof the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office - I know her to be the person (read).
Prisoner's Defence. I was going up the street, a young man came and asked me to go and look at a handkerchief for him - I said, "Yes, if you give me the money"- we went on, there was one in the window - he said, "I want a deeper red one" - I went in and asked for it - he came in and stole it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
