




1916. 




ANN DEAN
 was again indicted

for stealings on the 
7th of August, 16 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 



Eliza Misters, her mistress.






ELIZA MASTERS
. On the 5th of August, I gave the prisoner 16s. 6d. to pay Robert Ennever, the milkman—she told me the milkman was busy, and he would send the receipt—she said she had paid it.





ROBERT ENNEVER
. I am a milkman, and live in Nutford-place, Edge-ware-road. The prosecutrix deals with me for milk—I have received 16s. 6d. since-Miss Masters spoke to me herself about it—I go there every day—I went on the 7th of August—I left my bill on the morning of the 6th—I went on the 8th, but I did not ask for the money—I was then called up to High-street office.





ELIZA MASTERS

re-examined. I gave the money to the prisoner on Sunday, and desired her to pay on Monday—on Monday I asked her for the bill—she said she bad paid the money, and the receipt would be sent the then left me—she had had a fortnight's notice—I sent her on Saturday with a sovereign to the baker's—I went to pay the remainder of the bill on Monday morning—they said she had not paid the sovereign—she came home on Monday evening very tipsy, to fetch her things—I asked her what she had done with the money—she said she had lost the sovereign, and spent the 16s. 6d.

Prisoner. I never was out of the house on Monday—it was a very wet.





LOUISA CROMER
. I am laundress to Miss Masters. I was at her house on Monday—the prisoner was there—she was drunk—I saw Miss Masters give her a sovereign on Saturday night, when she was going out, and on Monday morning she gave her 16s. 6d.—the prisoner went out, and came home drunk-when she came for her things, Miss Masters went to the kitchen, and asked what she had done with the sovereign—she said the had paid it, then she said she had lost it—Miss Masters then said, "The 16s. 6d.?" she said, "I have spent half of that"—I do not know what she had done with the other.

Prisoner. On Monday I went out no further than to get things for dinner—on the Tuesday when I came, all my things were bundled out of the drawers, and I said I had put the sovereign in the drawer to pay it.





JAMES M'REATH
 (police-constable T 69.) I was called to the prosecutrix's—I saw the prisoner, and she said she had lost the sovereign, and was in company with a soldier who took the 16s. 6d. out of her hand.




GUILTY
. *Aged 54.—


Transported for Seven Years.
