



1830. 




JOSEPH SAN MARTIN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of June, at 
St. Martin-in-the-fields, 9 promissory notes, for the payment and value of 5l. each, the property of 



William Vince, in the dwelling-house of 



William Hinks.







WILLIAM VINCE
. I live within two miles of Southampton. I came in town on Monday, the 1st of June, and brought thirteen £5 notes with me, which I obtained at the Southampton Bank—I placed them in my portmanteau—I came to the New Slaughter's Hotel, St. Martin's-lane, kept by Hinks—I slept there that night, and left the room about nine o'clock on Tuesday moning—I took out of my portmanteau four £5 notes before I left my room—I then went down-stairs—I went up-stairs again, after breakfast, into my room, and did not take any notice of my portmanteau—it stood on a chair in the centre of the room—I left the room again almost immediately, and left the house—I returned at about half-past eleven o'clock, and went into my room again—I went to my portmanteau to take out some more money, and found that the lock had been picked, and nine notes, which I had left, taken away—it was shut down, but not locked—the notes were part of those I had brought from Southampton—I had received them about the 18th of May—I am certain they are part of what I received on that occasion.

Prisoner. Q. Do you know the number of the notes? A. Yes.





JANE COLLIS
. I am chambermaid to William Hinks, of the Slaughter Coffee-house. He occupies the whole house—it is in the parish of St. Martin-in-the-fields—I remember the prisoner coming ther on Monday—he slept in the room No. 10—Mr. Vince slept in No. 8—the prisoner's room is a floor higher than Mr. Vince—by looking over the bannisters, the door of one room can be seen from the other—on the Tuesday morning I saw the prisoner about nine o'clock—I took his breakfast to him, and I saw him again about twenty minutes afterwards, at the bottom of the stairs—he spoke to me—he rang his bell at about ten o'clock—I answered it, and saw him in his room—he desired me to send up the porter—his things were all packed up then, which I was surprised to see—I sent the porter to him—he gave me 1s.—he went down-stairs, and paid his bill at the bar—he had not desired any bill; he only asked what he had to pay—it came to 5s.—he paid it with half-a-sovereign, and received the change—he was in great haste—he left the house in a cab, and took his things with him—he had a hat-box, a cloak, a carpet-bag, and a cane—I did not see him again till he was in custody.

Prisoner. Q. Was there not a Frenchaman in the house? A. No—the prisoner had a friend come to see him, a foreigner—I do not know what he was.

COURT. Q. At what time of day did the gentleman come to see him? A. He came on Sunday afternoon, the first time, and he took him into his bed-room—they rang the bell for a light to smoke a cigar; and on Tuesday morning the friend came again, a short time before the prisoner left the house—he went away before the prisoner.





THOMAS GIBBS
. I am porter at the coffee-house. I went to the prisoner on Tuesday morning, about nine o'clock, with his boots—I went again about half-past nine o'clock, in consequence of being called to take his luggage down, and I found his things ready packed up—he seemed rather confused—he told me to take his luggage down-stairs, and call a cab, which I did—he came down, and paid his bill—I put his things into the cab, and he drove away—in consequence of information, I went to look for him at the Piazza, Covent-garden, on the 29th of June, and found him in a bed-room, at the Piazza Coffee-house—I took a constable with me, and apprehended him.





MARK MILNER
. I am a cutler, and live in Cheapside. On the 2nd of

June, about one o'clock, the prisoner came to my shop, and-asked for a pair of razors, and pair of nail-scissors—he selected some which came to 25s., which he paid for by a £5 Southampton note—I gave him change for it—I did not mark it at the time—I had no other Southampton note in my possession—I sent my shopman, Joseph Schofield, the same day to Hoare and Barnett, bankers, in Lombard-street, with it—the note was payable at Hoare's—I have seen the scissors which I sold to the prisoner at Bow-street.





WILLIAM HENRY MEAGLE
. I am shopman to Mr. Masters, a pawnbroker, in Jermyn-street. On the afternoon of the 29th of June, the prisoner came to the shop—I think it was him, but I am not certain—he brought two handkerchiefs, a pair of scissors, and a pen-knife, and pawned them—I gave him a duplicate, which I have since seen at Bow-street.





RICHARD HEARTWELL
. I am a hosier, and live at No. 283, Holborn. On the 2nd of June, about three o'clock, the prisoner came to my shop, and pointed to some silk neck-handkerchiefs in the window, which he wished to see—I showed them to him—he selected three—they came to a guinea—he did not speak to me at all—he could not understand me when I asked him any questions—he paid me a £5 Southampton note—I asked him his address and name, to put on it, but he could not understand me—I gave him change, and he left the shop—I wrote my own initials in one corner of the note—I afterwards paid it away to Ellaby, of Gutter-lane.





THOMAS POCOCK
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner at the Piazza Coffee-house—I found a carpet-bag, a hat-box, umbrella, cane, and cloak in his room—he made signs for me to take them, when I was taking him away—I searched him, and found three skeleton keys, and two duplicates in his left-hand breast pocket—I found 1s. 1 1/4d. in his pocket—two duplicates in his waistcoat pocket—I searched the bag, but found nothing in it connected with this business—I found one silk handkerchief in it—I afterwards went back to the room, and saw eleven keys, found on the top of his bedstead, by Mr. Cutriss, the coffee-house keeper—I then went to Houghton's coffee-house, and the girl showed me a portmanteau—I tried one of the three keys, and it opened it.

Prisoner. Q. I have got a portmanteau in pawn; have you ever tried the key to that? A. No.





JANE COLLIS

re-examined. It was Mr. Vince's portmanteau that I showed to Pocock—I saw him try it—the prisoner had no portmanteau with him at our coffee-house.





GEORGE THOMPSON
. I am clerk to Messrs. Mathison and Co., bankers, Southampton. On the 18th of May, I paid Mr. Vince 100l., in fourteen £5 Southampton notes—Nos. A. 367, and A. 371, both dated the 18th of May, 1835, were among them—I have those notes here—I received them both from Barnett and Hoare's—all our notes are payable there.





RICHARD HEARTWELL

re-examined. This note, A. 367, has my initials on it—I received it from the prisoner.





MARK MILNER

re-examined. This note, A. 371, has my handwriting on the back of it, which I put on it the day I received it, but not at the time I received it from him—when I sent my shopman with it, the payment was stopped, and he brought it back—I took it next morning to the bankers, and they paid me the money, on my writing my name and address on it—the scissors produced by the pawnbroker are what I sold the prisoner.






WILLIAM HENRY MEACLE

re-examined. This is the duplicate I gave to the person pawning the articles.
(The prisoner, being a foreigner, had the evidence communicated to him by an interpreter; through whom he stated that he had arrived from Spain on the 11th of May, and met a Frenchman, whom he had known a year before—that he (the prisoner) was in great distress, and on informing his friend of it, he advised him to go to the respectable hotels, and that the gentlemen who came theree would relieve him—the Frenchman occasionally visited him at these hotels, and on one occasion, when he called, he asked him to direct him to the water-closet—upon his return he stated he had received 30l. from Liverpool, and the prisoner begged him to lend him 3l., which he promised to do, and gave him the two 5l. notes to get changed—that he changed them at the shops in question, and gave the Franchman 7l. as the change.)
Three witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Life.
