





823. 
               
                  ELLEN 
                  MURPHY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of March
, 1 box, value 6d.; 1 watch, value 6l., and 1 clock, value 6l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Delannoy
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .
REBECCA DELANNOY. I am the wife of John Delannoy - we live at Cottage-place, Brompton


. On the 22nd of February I took the prisoner into my service; after she had been there a week, I saw my gold watch in a trinket-box in the back bed room on the ground floor - the door was never locked; the drawers were kept locked, but I used to leave my keys about - I lost a cloak (not a clock) the first evening she was with me; I lost some articles from a trunk in an upper room to the value of 20l. - the lock was battered about; I had no other servant - no other person had access to the place where the things were; I lost a small box from there.
Prisoner. Her child gave me the box. Witness. I never had it out of the box - it was with my gold watch and other trinkets; I never gave it to my child - the child never saw it - it was impossible for her to get it.
Prisoner. The child gave me the box as she was going to school - I put it into my pocket, and forgot to return it. Witness. No, it is false; I missed two rings, a watch, and this box, worth eight guineas - I had taken the prisoner to my trunk, where she saw my clothes.


                  JOSEPH 
                  McGREAE
               



             (Police constable F 56). I apprehended the prisoner, and found this box in her pocket, and a duplicate of a shawl for 3s. - I took this lady there, but she did not claim the shawl; the prisoner gave no residence, and I cannot find where she lives - I found on her this ring, this handkerchief, and one drop of an ear-ring; a soldier of the Guards gave the prisoner to me - she had slept at his house, not at the prosecutor's.
Prisoner's Defence. My mistress was always in the habit of being in liquor, and another person with her - her husband said if I did not leave the house the other woman would cut my head off with a candlestick - there were three gentlemen came to lodge there the night she lost her cloak.
MRS. DELANNOY. Three gentlemen came to look at an apartment, but they did not come to live there - they never went into the room where these things were; my husband is a clerk in the Bank of England
.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
