



62. 




GEORGE WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of November, 127lbs. weight of tobacco, value 48l., the goods of 




Jacob Nathaniel Barlin and another; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






JACOB NATHANIEL BARLIN
. I am a tobacco and snuff manufacturer. I have lost 1271bs. weight of tobacco, value 48l.—I am in partnership with my brother David—I have examined this tobacco—(looking at it)—it is ours.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Who is M'Mahon? A. The person employed in carting tobacco from the London Docks—I am sure this is mine—it has a mark on it—it was stolen on its transit to our house—it was a purchase made at a public office—I had not seen it before—I know it by the mark on the bale, and by the excise permit which accompanies it from the Docks to our stock—there is no possibility of mistaking it.





JOHN M'MAHON
. On Saturday evening, the 17th of November, I took a bale of tobacco into my cart with other things—I was going to Mr. Barlin's down Wormwood-street, and had the bale safe then—I proceeded about thirty yards further, and missed the bale—I ran up the street, and met a young man who gave me information—I went round the corner into Bishopsgate-street, and saw the prisoner with the bale on his back-not three minutes elapsed between my seeing it safe and seeing it on his back.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you miss it by turning round to look for it? A. Yes—I was riding on the front—I was nearly at Broad-street—the prisoner had got, I suppose, twenty yards past the watch-house, nearly opposite to Houndsditch—I did not notice whether he was sober—he stumbled, and the bale fell on the ground—my master's name is Henry Foster Mellin—he would be answerable for the bale if lost—my instructions were to carry it to Mr. Barlin's—it weighed 1271bs.—the prisoner could get that upon his back off the cart without assistance—it was not fastened in any way—it was quite at the tail of the cart—I felt no motion of the cart when it went away—it could not have dropped—it was right up to the tail-ladder—it was pulled over the tail-ladder, which was chained up as tight as I could chain it.





JOHN M'QUILLON
. I was standing in Wormwood-street on this evening, and the prisoner passed me with this bale on his back-M'Mahon came to me—I saw him overtake the prisoner in Bishopsgate-street.


Cross-examined. Q. Was he sober? A. He seemed so to me—he was before me when he stumbled—he tripped from the weight of the bale.





HENRY PICKERING HILL
. I produce a certificate from Mr. Clark's office of the conviction of the prisoner, on his own confession, of stealing a hand kerchief from my person—he is the same person I am certain—(read,)




GUILTY
.*—Aged 21. 


Transported for Seven Years.
