




1608. 




ANN SMITH
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
1st of April, at 
St. Luke's, 2 pair of scissors, value 1s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 2d.; 1 night cap, value 2d.; 1 pair of shoes, value 6d.; 1 book, value 1s.; 1 rule, value 6d.; 1 100l. bank note, 1 50l. and 5 10l. bank notes, the property of 

William, by Divine Providence, Archbishop of Canterbury, primate of all England, and Metropolitan; and 




GEORGE SMITH



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods and property of the Right Honourable Sir 



Herbert Jenner, Knight, Doctor of Laws Official Principal of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury.—3rd COUNT, of the 

Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of St. Paul's, London.—4th COUNT, of 



Joseph Phillimore, Doctor of Laws, Commissary General of the Dean and Chapter of St. Paul's London.


MESSERS. ADOLPHUS
and
CRESWELL
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD WILLIAM JENNINGS
. I am a proctor, residing in Doctors' Commons, It is exceedingly difficult to limit the extent of the Archdiscese of Canterbury—Baltic-street. St. Luke's is in the peculiar of the Dean and Chapter of St. Paul's, in all cases of practlee—I have no means of judging but by the rules of the Court, in taking out administration—I was employed with my father to take out letters of administration to Henry Roberts, deceased, with the will annexed—I produce the letters of administration, with the will annexed, which were extracted by us—they are issued from the Registry of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, as the peculiar is exempt from the jurisdiction of the diocesan, from the circumstance of the deceased being possessed of property both within and without the peculiar—he left bona notabilia, within the province of the Archbishop of Canterbury—the letters of administration are dated 16th of May, 1835.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Who fills the office of ordinary of the diocese of Canterbury? A. The officer appointed immediately under the Archbishop is Sir Herbert Jenner, who, I apprehend, would fill the office of ordinary; but with regard to the province of Canterbury, I do not know how the term ordinary applies exactly; I apprehend the Archbishop is the ordinary—Baltic-street is an exempted jurisdiction, and not within the jurisdiction of an ordinary; for it has been held by the Judges that the peculiar is exclusive in those districts—I am not aware that there is an officer called an ordinary within the jurisdiction of the Archbishop—I am not prepared to say whether there is or not—the Bishop appoints

the ordinary in the jurisdiction of dioceses in England; but I am not prepared to state whether there are not exceptions to that—the deanery is an exclusive jurisdiction, and I am not aware whether the officer bears the name of ordinary; the ordinary is an official character, which so seldom occurs to us, that I am not prepared to sat who is the ordinary—Doctor Lushington is commissary—I do not believe there is an officer bearing the appellation of ordinary in this case; but there may be.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Where a person dies possessing 'notabilia,' both within and without, has not the Archbishop the power of decreeing letters of administration? A. Most unquestionably, if they were altogether in the peculiar, the Dean and Chapter have the power of granting administraion—Doctor Phillimore is the Judge of the Court, and has the power in that case; Sir Herbert Jenner whould have the power where there is bona notabilia, Q. Is not the person who exercise anthority, jurisdiction, and judicial powers, in all those cases, the ordinary, in the point law? A. From the knowledge I have of the term ordinary, I should consider him so.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. The persons called ordinaries, within the province of Canterbury, would have jurisdiction over the personal property of persons leaving goods in an out of the peculiar? A. In each diocese, I apprehend, there is an ordinary, who would have jurisdiction of the property generally, of parties dying within that diocese, and having property only within that diocese; but the jurisdiction of the Archbishop is founded in the property being in two jurisdictions, and his authority being over all the province, but he exercises his right only when there is property in different jurisdictions.





HENRY WATTS
. I am clerk to Mr. Dyke, proctor of Doctors' Commons, and deputy register to the Dean and Chapter of St. Paul's Baltic-street is within the peculiar—the Commissary General, appointed by the Dean and Chapter, is Dr. Joseph Phillip—I have his appointment here.





CHARLES SIMPSON
. I am clerk in the Bank of England. I produce a book, containing an account of notes paid as dividends—on the 15th of November 1833; there is an entry of notes paid to the name of Roberts—there is one for £100, dated 28 October, 1833 No. 7495; a £50, No. 13622, dated 12 October, 1833; a £20, No. 2179, dated 11 October, 1833; a £10, No. 3091, dated 26 September 1833. These entries are in my handwriting.





WILLIAM PAWLEY
. I am a clerk in the Bank. I produce of £100 bank note No. 7495, dated 28 October, 1833; on the top of it is the name of "Susan Mully, 6, Baltic-street, Old-street St. Luke's;" a £10 note, No. 3091, date 4d 26 September, 1833, that has the name of Mully on the back and a £20 note, No. 2179, dated 11 October, 1833, with "Susan Gillman" written on it.





CHARLES JAMES BEETSON
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I took in this £100 note on the 2nd of April—I paid soverigns for it—It has on it "Susan Mully, 6 Batlic-street, I have added to it," Old-street St. Luke's in my own handwriting—I charged this £10 note at the same time, and wrote on it" Mully "—I paid it to the same person, at the same time, in sovereigns—I paid this £20 note on the 3rd of April—I wrote on the £100 note, "Old-street" by information from the party.





SUSAN MULLY
. I have come here in custody to give evidence—I was committed by Mr. Broughton, the Magistrate—I lodged in the prisoner's house, No. 16, Baltic-street, Old-street—an old gentleman named Roberts,

lived there—I have lived there years next February—he lived there a long time before me—he appeared to be very old, and was in bad health for the last three of four months—he occupied the first-floor back room—he had no servant or attendant—the people in the house did for him what little he allowed to be done—I have heard Mrs. Smith say he was either rich or poor—the prisoners were in indifferent circumstances, like myself—I have borrowed 1s. of them, and they of me frequently—before April, this year, I observed that Roberts was much worse, and Mr. and Mrs. Smith also observed it to me—on the 1st of April, at seven o'clock in the morning, I was near the door of Roberts's room—the door was shut; but I, Mrs. Gibeling, and Mrs. Payne (the prisoner's sister) opened it.

Q. How came you to open it? A. Because I had heard he was dead—that induced me to open the door—we opened it gently, and saw Mrs. Smith down on her knees at Mr. Roberts's box, which was open—I saw her take a bag from the box, twist a string round it, and put it into her pocket—she then came out of the room—I had drawn the door nearly too, but still could see through—when she came out, she said she thought the old gentleman was dead, would I go in and see—I found him, in my opinion, dead—his jaw was dropped, his eyes open, and his fist clenched—he was dead—I asked Mrs. Smith for some silver to close his eyes—she said she had none—I took some from my pocket—I Cannot remember what it was—I think it was copper money, and I closed his eyes with it—I asked Mrs. Smith for a handkerchief to tie his jaw up—she gave me a common blue cotton one, and I tied his jaw with that—Mrs. Gibling assisted me—I then straightened his hands, and retired to my own apartment, which was on the same floor, to breakfast—Mr. and Mrs. Smith and Mrs. Gibling were present at breakfast—we all breaskfasted together—during breakfast Mrs. Smith said she did know who to call in to lay him out—he was stretched at full length across the bed, but was no tlaid out—Mrs. Gibling, myself, and Mrs. Payne proposed to lay him out—Mrs. Smith said she would give us 2s. 6d. each; which she did—that is the usual sum—we laid him out on the bedstead—Mrs. Smith sent Mrs. Payne to fetch a sheet and table-cloth out of pledge to lay him out with—she returned with them, and we laid him on the bed—we then went into my room, and Mrs. Smith gave me a sly nudge to follow her into Roberts's room again—we had not finished our breakfast then—we then went into my room, and Mrs. Smith gave me a made the observation, that—we went into his box before—his boxes—I did not tell her that I had seen her look into his box before—she took the keys either from her person or the table and unlocked the box—I saw took the keys either from her person or the table and unlocked the box she took the keys either from her person or the table and unlocked the box—I saw her lift the lid of the box up; and she said she had come up as late as twelve o'clock last night, and found him much worse and had taken the keys down stairs to her own apartment—she opened the box and these was down stairs to her own apartment—she opened the box and there was a place called a till—she opened it, and took a book from it, and in the book were some Bank-notes—she took one for £100, one £50, and five or six £10—I cannot say which—she said she would take them—I advised her not—she said they would never be traced—how could notes be traced; and that the old people (meaning Mr. and Mrs. Roberts) had got plaenty to come to without that—she put the book back into the till, and put the notes into her pocket-we went into my room again, and she gave Mr. the notes into her pocket—we went into my room again, and she gave Mr. Smith a £10 note to get changed—he asked her no questions about it, that I recollect—he went out, and when he came in, he brought nine sovereigns and one pound in silver—he said he had got it changed at Mr. Boll's, at the Goat, in Golden-lane—Mrs. Smith took the money—I saw them

repeatedly in the course of the day—Mrs. Smith sent for Mr. Hyde, a chemist, who employed the deceased, to tell him of his death—we dined together and Mr. Smith got very much intoxicated—he was quite overpowered and obliged to lie down towards the afternoon—Mrs. Smith said she should give me 25l.—I was foolish enough to take it—she gave me two £10 notes then, and five sovereigns after she got the £100 note changed—she asked me the following morning to take a walk with her to the Bank of England—as we were going she gave the £100 note into my hand and said and said, "You had better take it, and get it cashed"—I was never in the Bank before—I presented it to a gentleman down stairs, who said I must take it up, and when I got up, they said it was an old note, and I must take down, which I did—they indorsed something on the note, and sent me up with it again—I got the money for the note Mrs. smith said, "All sovereigns," and I got all sovereigns—I wrote my name on the face of the £10 note at the Bank, by the gentleman's desire—I believe Mrs. Smith can write, but indifferently—this is my witting on the note—I did not write "Old-street, St. Luke's" I wrote my name, and Baltic street I did not notice the clerk write what is here—I do not remember that I was asked where Baltic-street was—I changed the £10 note at the note at the same time I wrote nothing on that I cannot swear whether this is the note or not—when we came away from the Bank we went to the Old Bailey and had some dinner, and then went to Waterloo-house, in St. Paul's Church-yard, and bought a black silk dress each, and a shawl, and sundry little things—we paid 2s.4 1/2d. a yard for the silk—I cannot remember how much we paid in all—the prisoner worse the same shawl on Sunday, at Highgate, and she wore it at Worship-street—Mrs. Gibing assisted me to lay out the lay out the body—Mrs. Smith gave Mrs. Gibing one sovereign, and forgave her 2l. she owed in back rent, as a compensation for that I belive nothing more based till Mr. Robert came to town, which was on the Saturday—the two prisoners bought, before he came to town, a bedstead, a carpet, a hearth-rug, and several little articles—I think nearly a month had elapsed before Mrs. Roberts questioned me on this matter—she seemed to be acquainted with what had taken place—I was taken before the Justice at Worship-street in a coach, by Mr. and Mrs. Roberts, and Mr. Jennings, the proctor—I had spent the best part of my 25l. then—after I had been examined several times, the Magistrate committed me to give evidence I saw the shawl on Mrs. Smith's back at Worship street something was said about the shawl before the Justice it was taken from Mrs. Smith to the shop I went to the shop and my own shawl was taken as well—I do not remember that Mrs. Smith said any thing about the shawl—she was not willing to resign it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you married? A. I am a widow—I live at No. 6, Baltic-street, Old-street, with my two Mr. Gilman lives with me—I have known him fifteen years—I have one room—I cannnot form any idea how long he has has lived with me—he has lived for a month at a time—we have one bed in the room—one of my children is about four years and a half old, and the other about eighteen months old—I have been a widow eight years next month—one of the children slept in the bed with me—Gilman slept in the same bed occasionally, and nobody else but the baby—Gilman is my brother-in-law by marriage, and my friend—I get my living by needlework and by an income that I receive monthly, which the prisoners knew—I receive the income from a party that I have known for years—I have an objection to give the name of the party—It is not from Gilman I have the money—I do not

choose to tell you who I receive it from—the room Roberts died in is a small back room, about as large as the table of this Court—there is a bed in it and two boxes—the box at which I saw the woman kneeling was about five or six yards from where I was at the further end of the room—the opening of the door did not make the least noise—I opened it quietly, by Mrs. Payne's desire—It was not my business to mention it to the female prisoner that I saw her at the box in the morning—I could have got into the room—the door was not kept locked until within the last week or fortnight—I never was in the room but in company with Mrs. Smith—I do not know that my key opens that door—I have never tried it—It ought not—I mentioned at Worship-street that door—I have never Robert's room the night before, and taken the keys down what I said was read to me, and I signed it I said there that I advised her not to take the notes, and that she said nobody could trace Bank notes—I mean to swear that deliberately.

Q. Was it not that you advised her not to take the £100, as it was a large amount but she said she would take them all? A. Yes, Sir not to take the notes or at any rate, not the £100 note, as it was a large amount, and she would find a difficulty in getting it cashed.

Q. Do you still persist in saying that you advised her not to take the notes, and she said noboby could trace Bank notes? A. Yes, it was in my room that Mrs. Smith gave her husband the £10 note—he wished to go for Mr. Hyde, and she wished to stop till the room was cleaned—he said the sooner Mr. Hyde was sent for the better—there was one £100 note and one £10 note—that was all I changed at the Bank.

Q. Do you know this £20 note now be careful in the answer you give me? A. I never saw that note in my life—this "Susan Gilman" on the note is not my writing—I never saw it in my life—my room is on the same floor as Mr. Roberts's—I was examined five times—I did not say on the first examination that I peeped through the key-hole—It was through the crack of the door—I swore the truth—I did see her through the key-hole, but through the crevice—Mrs. Gibing was looking with me—we both looked through the key-hole and through the door likewise, at different times—Mrs. Smith was at the box a couple of minutes—we did not speak to one another that I remember—I bought a glass and some other things—I spent all the money, and more too—I was not without money at Mr. Robert's death—I did not spend all the money in things—I gave some to Gilman—I gave him £12 or £13—I misunderstood you when I said I laid out all the money; I thought you meant had I expended it all—I expended 1l. 4s. in taking articles of dress out of pledge—I had wearing apparel in pawn, though I had money before I had paid my rent—this shawl I now have on is what I bought, where Mrs. Smith bought here—I am not ashamed to wear it, as fast as I can—I have seen Mrs. Roberts every day I have been here—I was here from this day three weeks until the Friday, and I saw her every day that week.

Q. You say that at Worship-street you swore you advished her not to take the notes, and particularly the £100 note—did you mention about the £100 note? A. I think I did—I do not think I said that Mrs. Smith said that the old people would have enough coming to them—I certainly have remembered many little things since—having been in prison so long, I have had time to bring every thing to my recollection—I do not remember

that Mrs. Payne peeped through the door—but her sister made her a present of money—she is her sister by marriage—I did not see this £20 note at Worship-street—I saw the £100 note—I was at liberty after every examination but the last, and then I was sent to prison, the same day that this £20 note was mentioned to me by Mr. Brongton, but I did not see the note.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. You went at large after the four examinations? A. Mr. Roberts entered into recognizance for my appearance—my husband was Gilman's wife's brother—Smith knew that I lived and slept there with Gilman; and made no objection to it—I had not key to my door but what Smiths' furnished me with, till I lost so many things that I sent for a man to alter the key, but it is the same key I never tried it to Roberts's door—the notes were not stolen at the time I was looking through the key hole and crevice, but half-an-hour afterwards, when Mrs. Smith and I were in the room.

MR. CRESWELL. Q. Did you say, "There was one £100 note one £50 note, and five or six £10 notes—the female prisoner put the notes into her pocket, and put the book back again into the box—I said she had better not take the £100 note, as that was a large amount she said she would take them all—when she took the notes out of the till in the box, she said, the numbers could not be traced, there would be no inquiry about it she told me she took possession of the keys and of Mr. Roberts's boxes twelve o'clock the night before, when she thought he was dying?" A. Yes; I said so.





JOSIAH ROLLS
. I keep the Goat public-house, Golden-lane, St. Luke's I know the prisoner George Smith—I recollect his changing a £10 Bank note with me—I cannot say when nor what change I gave him—I had not changed a note for him before to my recollection and certainly not since.





MARTHA GIBLING
. I am married. On the 1st of April, I lived at No. 6, Baltic-street. I was with Mrs. Mully at the door of the deceased Mr. Roberts, about seven o'clock or a little after seven that morning—I was in bed when I heared Mrs. Payne come up stairs, she is Mrs. Smith'sister I heard them talking—I came down stairs, she is Mrs. Smith's sister—door—she opened Mr. Roberts's door—I was close behind her—I saw Mrs. Smith on her knees at Mr. Roberts the deceased's box—I saw her over Mrs. Mully's shoulder or by her side—Mrs. Mully then drew back and we closed the door a little, but not quite, and we saw through the crevice of the door, Mrs. Smith rise up from the box and put something into her pocket—It was a bag, but I do not know what was in it—It appeared to me like a yellow bag—I went up stairs, and came down again—but Mrs. Mully said, she would wait, and see Mrs. Smith and let her know that she had seen her at the box—when I came down in a very few minutes, Mrs. Mully said the old gentleman was dead and asked me to assist in tying up the jaws—I assisted her, and went up stairs again and put on the rest my things I then came down again, and Mrs. Smith and Mrs. Mully were standing in Roberts room the had got Mr. Robert's box open and I saw Mrs. Smith had some Bank notes in her hand, but what number I cannot tell—they seemed to be in a roll and Mrs. Smith was holding them to Mrs. Mully, spread out I did not hear anything that passed I stood at the door a minute or two—they turned and saw me, and they left the room immediately—Mrs. Smith rolled them up, and put them into her right-hand pocket—we then went into Mully's room and had breakfast—It

was then agreed that I should assist in laying out the body; we were to have half-a-crown each; but Mrs. Smith gave me a sovereign beside the half-crown, and 2l., which was back rent, she forgave me—there was not other resons for her giving me that but my assisting to lay out the body—from that time we observed that the Smith had more money than usual—I did not receive any thing more from any one, barring an apron, which Mrs. Smith gave 1 shilling for—I was present when Mr. Roberts came to town; that was on a Saturday morning and on the Sunday or Monday I gave information—no one promised or threatened me any thing, but I did it of mu own mind and in consequence of what I said the proceedings were begun, which ended in this trial.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you live with your husband at this place? A. I do when he is in town, but he is now an invalid is the Bath Infirmary—he went from me on the 13th of April last—he had been living with me till that time—he never left me in his life—I came down stairs as Mrs. Mully was opening her room door—her room and Mr. Roberts's were both on a floor—I saw all that she did—she first opened the door and looked in, and I looked over her shoulder, or by her side—I did not see it in any other way—I did not took through the key hole, but Mully did—I looked through the crevice of the door—that was after she had opened the door—It was a box that Mrs. Smith was kneeling at—It might be about half as far off as you are from me—It is a very small room—I did not stop till Mrs. Smith rise from the box—she put the bag into her pocket—I did not see her put any thing back into the room—I know Mrs. Payne; she lived servant to Mrs. Mully—I cannot say how long she had lived so, but suppose about three or four months she did not sleep in the house, but she took her meals with Mrs. Mull she was there that morning, and it was from her I heard that the old gentleman was dead I believe she was in the passage when Mrs. Mully was peeping in—I am sure Mrs. Mull said she should wait till Mrs. Smith came out, and let her know that she had seen her at the box—she said that slowly—Mrs. Smith was in the room at the time—I did not hear Mrs. Mull say she never kept a servant—I do not know whether she called Payne her servant or not but she did her work—Mrs. Smith told me that Mr. Roberts was coming to down, and got me to clean the parlour—I knew there was a letter sent by Mr. Hyde—I did not know what day Mr. Roberts was coming—my maiden name was Duffield—I have been married eighteen years—I do not recollect where I was in 1818 or 1819—I was living at Thetford, in Norfolk—I have been in Theford court many times to hear the trials, but was never under any charge, or in any trouble—I was once in a watch-house, about four months ago, because a woman and I had some words—I never was in any difficulty about a pocket-book that I can swear.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Is Mrs. Payne any relation to these prisoners? A. She is Mr. Smith's own sister—I have never lived apart from my husband in my life, and never was under any charge.





THOMAS EAGLE
. I am an officer of Worship-street. I apprehended the prisoners on the 4th of May—after I had locked them up, I went to Mrs. Smith for the key of her room—she said I was quite welcome to search her place. I should find one £10 note there and money which was saved to pay her rent and taxes—I went to the house, No. 6, Baltic-street—I

found there these four receipts and two pounds ten shillings in gold and silver in one drawer, and 15l. in gold in this box—In another drawer I found this book, this pair of shoes, this pair of stockings this night-cap, and some other things on the Wednesday afterwards, I went to No. 3, Baltic-street, where I had previously seen the male prisoner—I there found this book of the Savings-bank at Charging-cross, with an account of a deposit of 30l.—It was sewed up in a flock pillow very curiously, with flock, I believe between all the leaves or every other leaf which prevented it from making a noise—there were several saving—banks nearer than that—I know of four that are nearer, and there may be more—I produce a duplicate of some silk, pawned for ten shillings in the name of Ann Bowyer, on the 18th of May, which I got from Mr. Humphreys, in the presence of Mrs. Bowyer.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you not find this book also? A. I found a book answering this description—I cannot say whether it was this or not—It was a book containing an account of two sums of 30l. each, deposited in 1828, and taken out in 1830.





MARY DUNN
. I live in Paragon-street, the house No. 6, Baltic-street, is mine—the prisoners were my tenants for seventeen years—this is my receipt, it was written on the day it bears date—(read)" Received of Mr. Smith, on the 24th of April, 1835, six pounds, for one quarter's rent to Lady-day"—they were in general pretty regular in paying their rent—sometimes they paid by instalment.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did they deserve the character of honest people? A.Yes.





GEORGE HADDEN
. I live at Clapton and am collector to the New River Water Company—this receipt is for twelve shillings being half-a-year's water-rate, due at Christmas and paid to me on the 3rd of April last—they always paid me about the same month for fifteen or sixteen years.





JOHN BIGGS
. I am a collector of the paving and lighting rate of the parish of St. Luke. This receipt is mine; it is 7s. 6d. for the paving and lighting rate, paid on the 21st of April, by the prisoner Smith.





WILLIAM NEWMAN
. I am collector of the poor-rates for St. Luke's parish; this receipt is mine, it is for 11s. 8d., received on the 2nd of April, 1835, of the prisoners.





ANN BOWYER
. I am a dressmaker. I was employed by the prisoner Mrs. Smith—I made her two or three dresses—the last was a black silk dress; and when she was in Clerkenwell, she sent to me to know if I would make money of that dress, and send it to her—I pawned it—she said to me and the woman who went with me, that there was a book in the bolster and she wished it could be got out—she had then been one clear day in prison—my husband heard me and the other person talking aboat it—he wished to know what it was and I told him—I believe he told the officer—she said it was a book she wished to have Out—she did not tell me to get it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long have you known these people? A. From eight to nine years, I have worked for this woman—In any opinion they had a very good character—I made one silk dress for her once before; that is eight or nine months ago.





RICHARD BOWYER
. I am the husband of this witness—she communicated to me about the book and I told the officer.






WILLIAM MORTON
. I am in the employ of the Provident Savings' Bank at St. Martin-in-the fields. I produce the book of deposits—I have an entry corresponding with the entry in this book (reads)"71, 640, Ann Smith, married—I have another entry signed 6 April, 1835, £30;" it is signed by Ann Smith—I have another entry signed by George Smith, giving authority to his wife to pay monies, or to draw them—I do not know either of the prisoners.





GEORGE LLOYD
. I live in Britannia-street, City-road. I know both the prisoners—I lived with them for four years—I have seen them write frequently; this entry of Ann Smith resembles the hand writhing of Ann Smith, and I believe it to be hers; and this signature, "George Smith," is very like the man's writhing; it exactly resembles what I have seen—I think it is his.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Are you the gentleman who went away in arreser? A. I had missed several things out of my room, and in consequence of that I rejected paying my rent at that moment, but I am willing to pay my rent—I know Mr. Mully, but I do not know her and writing.





JOHN LOVICK
. I am assistant to a pawnbroker, in Bath-street. I have a piece of silk pawned by Bowyer—I gave her this duplicate.





ROBERT ROBERTS
. I live at Manchester, and am a sawyer. The deceased, Henry Roberts, was my brother—I saw him alive twelve months ago last May—I had not seen him before for fifty-four years—I came to town on Saturday, the 4th of last April—I went to Mr. Hyde, who had sent me two letter, and he told me to go to Baltic-street—I found a will sad a bit of paper besides I have since taken out letters of administration—my brother had told me he was worth a good bit of brass—I saw the officers find these scissors and things.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You wanted your brother to come and live with you? A. Yes; but he said was very well taken care of by Mrs. Smith—I wanted some brass of him, and he said he would go and see if he could get me some, and he went up stairs and brought me some down.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When did you see your brother? A. Last may but one—he let me have fourteen half-sovereigns at the time—Mr. Jennings found a good deal of property in the Bank.





SARAH ROBERTS
. I came up with my husband in consequence of the death of his brother—I was at Worship-street office and as I was going down the stairs, the prisoner, Mr. Smith, said to me, "Mrs. Roberts, I beg you a hundred pardons, I hope will be merciful to me; I am willing to give my share up, if Mrs. Mully will give hers up"—when she said that, the officer came up and said, "Go on. "

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you examined as a witness? A. Yes; the examination was over then—I did not go back and tell the Magistrate this, as I thought it was over then—I had not gone out of the office, I was going out—I was not in the same room with the Magistrate; we were going down stair—the officer came up—I suppose he heard something of this—I cannot tell how near he was; whether he was within, one yard, or five yards, or a hundred yards.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did you go before the Justice again the day? A. No; 1 was examined to tell what I knew after this conversation, but I did not tell it—the officer was coming along when Mrs. Smith said this, and he said, "Get on. "


MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you not sworn to tell the whole truth? A. Yes, I was; but it was after that that she told me this—before that, I mean.

Q. You swore you were-examined after the woman stated this; is that true? A. It is true what she said to me—I have told the truth—I cannot give any reason why I did not disclose to the Magistrate what I have told here to-day, about this woman asking forgiveness and offering to give up one share—I belive I was sworn to tell the whole truth, but I thought Mrs. Smith would turn the money—I have spoken the truth and no more—I told truth, that is all the answer that I can given you—I have left my tongue behind me at Manchester.

Q. Do you know any thing of the solemnity of an oath, of do you care what you swear; is it true that you kept that back, and thought that Mrs. Smith would turn up the money? A. I have told truth; I can say no more.

Q. I ask you, in the presence of the Jury and of your God, did you take an oath at the police-office or not? A. I spoke the truth and stated the truth Sir,

JURY. Q. Would there have been any prosecution if this money had been returned? A. I know nothing, only that she said she would give up hers, if Mrs. Mully would give up hers.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Now heard the question the foreman of Jury, put would have prosecuted or appeared in this business if the money had been paid? A. Yes, I dare say we should—Mr. Jennings was the gentleman who put the prosecution forwards—we should have been what he directed us—I did not send any message by Mr. Jennings to the prisoners, nor did my husband—I never gave him any money to give the prisoners, nor did mu husband—he went with us to the prison—It was left entirely to him—I might desire him to say something to the prisoners, or I might not, I cannot say.

Q. Will you swear you did not? A. Perhaps in this length of time I have forgotten it—you ask me so many question, I cannot give you an answer—I have no more to say—I never said I would settle this for 200/. nor for any sum, I swear I never did—I never went with Mr. Jennings to the prison my life.

Q. I thought you said you sent? A. Yes when he took us altogether in the coach to Worship-street—I did not desire him to say any thing to the prisoners on the subject of this prosecution, but he was the conductor of it; that is all know.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. At any time, you were at the police-office, did any body put a book into your hands, telling you to give true answers, and take down what said? A. Yes, sir, the first time, that was when the prisoners were taken: I had no authority to settle this it was not in my power; the property did not belong to me, it was my husband's





ROBERT BALES
. I am one of the clerks at Worship-street. I took this depositions this case; they were read over to the witness, and after they were singed, I saw Mr. Broughton sign his name—I recollect Mully being interrupted by the female prisoner and I was told to take it down (read)—"the dress I bought was thirteen yards at 2s. 41/2d. a yard, and the shawl was 19s"—the female prisoner here interrupted, and said, "You gave 25s. for the shawl.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. I believe the Magistrate, the witness, and the prisoner, are all higgledy-piggtedy at worship-street?


A. It is certainly rather inconvenient—It was Mr. Creswell who directed me to take down this interruption in writing, and intimated that it might be very imported; the Magistrate was not there—I could not say whether Mrs. Roberts was sworn and examined—I was not present (I think) if she was.

MR. CRESWELL. Q. When you have taken the deposition are they bot taken the Magistrate, and then read over to them? A. Yes,

COURT. Q. If she had been sworn, would it not have appeared on the deposition? A. it might not—It might not have been though material.

MR. PHILLIPS
to
SARAH ROBERTS. Q. Did you not say in the presence of Mr. Prior that the parties should not be prosecuted if they gave up all the money, and their own furniture besides? A. No, I did not, it was not in my power.

COURT. Q. Do you know prior at all? A. Yes, I know him by sight—he came for the rent to Mr. Smith's very Monday morning, that is all I know of him.

MR. CLARKSON
to
MR. JENNINGS. Q. It was through your instrumentality that this case was brought forward? A. I have had frequent communications with Mr. and Mrs. Roberts—I heard from Mrs. Roberts that the female prisoner had somthing more to say—I would go and see her—I do not know, from Mr. or Mrs. Roberts, that they offered to aceept the money beck from these people, and the produce of the sale their furniture—I recollect an observation made, the terms of which I cannot recollect; but the effect was, that the money would be very desirable and they would rather have the money—I pointed out to them that it was not merely to aggrandize themselves; I believe they would rather have had the money, but I believe it was from their having been seven times (I think) to Worships-street.

MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Were you ever the bearer, from Mr. Or Mrs. Roberts, of any request to these people to give up the money, and the prosecution should be given up? A. I should have spurned at being the bearer of such a message—I told her the object of the prosecutions was to punish crime.

Ann Smith's Defence I am not guilty—what these two witnesses have sworn to is entirely false.
(Mr. London, Clark's-place, St. Luke's William collier, sack maker, Helmet row; Robert Bolton, coach-paster, Baltic-street; James Holman, up holsterer, Paul-street; Mrs. Taylor, Old-street; Thomas Treacher, tailor, Baltic-street; John Drake, shoemaker, Graham-buildings; George Gillett, pewterer, Hox ton; James Ward, coal-dealer Golden-lane; Mrs. swan Mrs. Martin; and Mrs. Wynn, gave the prisoner a good character.

ANN SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 40—Re commanded to mercy by the Jury—


Transported for Seven Years.

GEORGE SMITH—


NOT GUILTY
.
