





423. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MEAD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of December
, 1 coat, value 7s.; 1 waistcoat, value 4s.; 1 hat, value 10s.; 1 hat-box, value 3d, and 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Males
                  




               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  MALES
               



            . I lodge in Drummond-street


, - the prisoner and his mother lodged in the same house - the prisoner slept in another room, but used to come into the room where my trunk was. These articles were all in the room on the 29th of December, when I went from breakfast - the prisoner's mother kept the key of my trunk; when I came home in the afternoon, it had been opened, the property taken from that, the gloves from a drawer in the room, and the hat from a box.


                  KEZIA 
                  MEAD
               



            . I am the prisoner's mother. I had the key of the prosecutor's trunk - I had not given my son the key; on the 29th of December the trunk was broken open.


                  MARIA 
                  HUFF
               



            . I keep the house, and have known the prisoner about three months. On the 29th of December I saw him go out with a bundle under his arm, about the size these goods would have been when folded up, but not with the hat; I did not say any thing to him - I thought he had a place, and was going to it - he has been to sea two or three times.


                  MARTHA 
                  ROGERS
               



            . I lodge in the house. I heard some one go down the stairs - I went to the window, and saw the prisoner going out with a hat-box between twelve and two o'clock.


                  PETER 
                  ATCHINSON
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I took the prisoner on the 6th of January - I found this pair of gloves in his pocket, with some other articles of his own.
Prisoner's Defence. I was informed the things were liable to be taken - I took them away.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
