





2145. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LAWRENCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of August
, 27 yards of carpet, value 12l., and 1 hearth rug, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Dowbiggin
                        




                     
                   and another
            .


                  MICHAEL 
                  DRISCOLL
               



             (Police-constable H 133.) On the 18th of August, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I was on Tower-hill - I saw the prisoner with a parcel on his shoulder; he was going on between a walk and a run - I suspected all was not right, and followed him; he dropped the parcel - I called to two men to take care of it; I followed and took him in the Minories.


                  SAMUEL 
                  EMMERSON
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Thomas Dowbiggin and another, of Mount-street, Grosvenor-square - this parcel contained the articles stated, and is their goods; I gave it to one of our porters to pack, and he gave it to two carmen - it is addressed to Lord Kinnoul, Duplen-castle, Perth.

THOMAS COLLINS. I was driving the caravan on that Saturday afternoon - I cannot say where I lost this parcel; I missed it when I got to the wharf - it had been tied to the van with some more.


                  JAMES 
                  BRUCE
               



            . I am a porter. The officer was talking to me, and he ran off and left me, calling to me to mind the parcel, which I saw on the prisoner's shoulder.
Prisoner's Defence. I was crossing Tower-hill; I saw the van going on rapidly - the tail-board was down, and this bale fell out; I called to the carman, who did not hear me - I was dragging it towards the light, to see the direction, and the officer took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
