



1874. 




CATHERINE FOLEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of July, 1 shawl, value 5s., the goods of 



William Davis, from the person of 



Mary Ann Davis.






MARY ANN DAVIS
. I am the wife of William Davis, a carpenter, living in West Harding-street, Fetter-lane. On Sunday morning, the 29th of July, I was in Holborn, between Castle-street and Fetter-lane, about twenty minutes past three o'clock—I went out after my husband-a person said he was in a public-house—I went to try to get him home—I sat down on a step to watch—I had this shawl on—I was very tired, and could hardly keep awake—I felt my shawl taken from me—I looked up, and saw the prisoner running across the road—I saw the policeman, and said, "That woman has stolen the shawl off my back," and we both ran after her down a street where there were several men and women standing—we asked if they had seen a woman running—they directed us down a wrong turning—I went down another turning, and saw the prisoner talking to a man—I ran over, and said, "This is the woman that took my shawl"—I turned—the policeman was coming, and I gave her in charge—she had my shawl on her shoulders at the time.





JOHN BULLOCK
 (police-constable G 116.) I was on duty, and saw the prisoner running along Brook-street-in two or three minutes the prosecutrix came and said that the prisoner had stolen her shawl—I asked her if she knew the shawl—she said she had no mark on it but a darn—I pursued the prisoner, but was directed wrong, and we lost her-half an hour afterwards I saw the prosecutrix in Leather-lane, and the prisoner was there, with the shawl upon her shoulders—I took her, and found the darn on the shawl.

Prisoner's Defence. I went to see a friend in the milk line—I went to Leather-lane, and stood there three quarters of an hour—this woman came to me, and said it was her shawl—I said it was not hers; it was one I bought in Whitechapel a year and a half ago; and then she said she had no mark upon it but a darn—the policeman came up, and she told him to take me off—I have been in London fifteen years, and never was in a watch-house in my life.




GUILTY
. † Aged 37.—


Transported for Ten Years.
