





240. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HUNT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of November


, 1 sovereign
            , the money of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Lee
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  FORD
               



            . I am errand-boy to Thomas Lee, of Collingwood-street


. I went to Mr. Harris', and ordered half a hundred of coals; the prisoner, who is his errand-boy
, brought them to my mistress' door - my mistress gave me a sovereign to pay for them; when I got to the door - he told me to toss the sovereign up, and see how bright it would look; I tossed it up, and it fell on the stones - I ran, and got a light; I left him there the while, and then we got a birch broom, and all looked for it, but we never found it.


                  ELIZA 
                  LEE
               



            . I gave this boy the sovereign - he came and said he had dropped it; I found the prisoner at the door, looking for it, but we could not find it - I have never seen it since; the prisoner said it did not roll.
THOMAS LEE. The sovereigns was mine - it was lost on Saturday night; I saw the prisoner when it was lost; I sent for him the following morning, and he had a pair of new boots on - I gave him into custody.


                  RICHARD 
                  HUNT
               



             (Police-constable H 70). I had information, and went to the prisoner's mother on Sunday evening, and found her very much in liquor, laying on the floor - the prisoner was not at home; I asked her where he was, but she was too drunk to tell me - I went out, saw him in the street, and took him into custody; I asked him if he had had the sovereign - he said No; I asked him again, and he said Yes, he had - I asked what he had done with it; he pointed to a bird and cage, and said that was part of it.


                  JAMES 
                  JOHN CONNELLY
               



             (Police-constable H 135). I have the bird and cage, cap, and boots; the inspector was booking the charge, and asked the prisoner what he had done with it - he said he had had the sovereign, and bought a pair of new boots, a cap, and some fire-works; he gave his mother 1s. 6d., and his father 4s; I was sent to the house, and found his father and mother both intoxicated; I brought the bird and cage, fire-works, and cap down to the office - his father and mother were discharged.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
