



844. 




WILLIAM THOMPSON
 was again indicted

for a misdemeanor.






JOHN LEONARD
. I am servant and porter to Litchfield Green, carrier, in Sun-street, Bishopsgate. On the 24th of February the prisoner, I believe, brought this parcel to me, gave me a ticket with it, and demanded 6d., which I paid him—he told me to be careful of it, for it contained jewellery—he produced this printed ticket—(read)—"John Thorn and Son, carriers, Little Albion-street, Regent's Park—D. Burke-carriage 6d."—master sent for the parcel into the parlour afterwards, and I saw it opened—it contained hay and mould.





LITCHFIELD GREEN
. Leonard is my porter—on the 24th of February I had the parcel brought into the parlour, and being directed to the countess D'Burke, Wynford, Suffolk, I suspected it to be fictitious—I opened it, and it was hay and dirt—next evening the prisoner came to the yard, and presented another parcel to me—I said, "What have you there?"—he said, "A parcel," and produced one directed to Henry Cooper. Esq.,

Wynford, Suffolk—I said, "Have you any demand on it?"—he said, "Yes"—I took him into the counting-house, and asked him for a ticket—he produced a blank one—I said, "Make out your ticket if you have a demand on it?"—he took up a pen, and while writing, I saw another parcel directed to the same name, in another part of the country—I said to him "You appear quite in the wholesale way?"—he immediately tore up the ticket, and threw down the pen—I called the porter—the prisoner then begged me to look over it, and said he would pay the expenses—I detained him till the officer arrived, and on being searched, ten more parcels were found on him similar to the one he produced, and directed to different placet in the country.





DANIEL PAMPLETT
. I am an officer. I found the ten parcels in his different pockets, and this pocket-book with nearly 100 coach tickets.

Prisoner's Defence. The parcels were given to me at the corner of Sun-street by a young man who told me to come to the Flower-pot, in Bishopsgate-street, and he would pay me for my trouble.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—

Transported for Seven Years.

