





1354. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BRADBEAR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of April
, 5 saws, value 23s., and 1 plane, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Skinner
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  SKINNER
               



            . I am a carpenter
. The prisoner lodged with me in April - I went into the workshop when he left, and found three duplicates; I then looked over my tools, and missed a number of them; I had taken the prisoner in, and lodged him, and given him a few jobs, as he was in distress - he gave himself up to the officer.
Prisoner. Q.Whose tools had I when I worked for you? A.Some of mine were lent to you, but you returned them.
SMITH JOBSON TAYLOR (Police-constable C 111). On the night of the 20th of April, the prisoner came to me in Regent-street, and desired me to take him into custody; he said he had committed a robbery some days before, and taken three saws from Nassau-street - I went there, and found it was true; the next morning I went to the prosecutor, who gave me the duplicates.


                  JOHN 
                  GEORGE TEMPLE
               



            . I am in the service of a pawnbroker; I took in one saw from the prisoner, I believe - and here is another I did not take in.(Property produced and sworn to.)
SMITH JOBSON TAYLOR. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SKINNER
               



            , JUN. They were my saws and tools, which he took at that time.
Prisoner. You well know the tools I took at that time were not stolen; they laid on the bench week after week. Witness. They were for use, but not to be pawned.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
