




2437. 




THOMAS BUTLER
 and 




WILLIAM PALMER
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
14th of August, 3 pewter pots, value 2s. 6d. the goods of 



John Howard.






JOHN HOWARD
. I am the landlord of the Swan tavern, Hungerford Market-these pewter pots are mine—(examining them.)





THOMAS BURNE
 (police-constable F 140.) About eight or nine o'clock in the evening of the 14th of August, the prisoner Palmer came to me, and said there was a man in Hungerford Market in the habit of stealing pots—I told him to go and watch him, and give charge of him-about ten minutes after nine o'clock, he came again and said, the man was still in the market, and had two pots—I said, "Do you know where he got them!" he said, "No"—I said, "You go and watch him"—about eleven o'clock he came and said, "There is the man," and I took Butler with a bag, and two pots in it, and one in his pocket-these are them—I had told my sergeant what information Palmer had given me—he went to Hungerford Market and watched them both—when I took Butler, Palmer said, he had got two more pots in his pockets, and then Butler said to Palmer, "I thought you were no good,"and at the station-house, Palmer said he would go to Mr. Howard, and make it right for a guinea.





THOMAS CARTER
 (police-sergeant F 5.) From the information of Burne, I went to Hungerford Market, and saw the two prisoners in deep conversation for some minutes—they went away about half-past ten o'clock, and during the time of my watching them, I saw them go behind some carts—I went and saw something there, which I believe were pots—I saw that Palmer took such an active part with Butler, that I charge him on suspicion of being in the robbery—I did not see Palmer touch any pots.





WILLIAM CLARK
 (police-constable F 129.) I was on duty in Long Acre-Palmer came up to me and said, "I have a clear case of pot stealing"—I then asked him if he knew any thing of Butler—he said he did not—I asked him how he came to know that he was about with intent of stealing pots—he said, after a little hesitation, "I knew him before, from sleeping with him under the dark arches"—he said, that Butler had made some proposals to him, and asked him if he would work with him—he said he made him no answer—he then said, that Butler proposed to him to take some pots—when they were in custody, Palmer said to Butler, "Don't be down-hearted, I can bear to take twelve months for it."





JOHN HOWARD

re-examined. Palmer came to me and said, "I expect you will give me the reward for finding pots?"—I said I would, and give him 5s. in addition.

(Andrew Brown, a tailor, of the Strand, gave Palmer a good character.)

BUTLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—



Confined Three Months.

PALMER—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
