





OLD COURT. - Wednesday, September 10th.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1439. 
               
                  JOHN CHRISTINE 
                  WALDEN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of August
, 2 coats, value 4l. 16s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; and two waistcoats, value 30s.; the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Nathan
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Lewis Israel
                     



.
JOSEPH NATHAN. I have an apartment in the house of Charles Lewis Israel, in Leman-street, Whitechapel


. The prisoner is a tailor
, and lodged in the house about three weeks - on Thursday morning, between seven and eight o'clock, I went out as usual, and came home late in the evening - I found my box broken open, and the property in the indictment gone - it is not worth 5l. - the prisoner was gone also.
CHARLES LEWIS ISRAEL. About a week after the prisoner came out of Newgate, I took him into my employ, knowing his father to be an honest man - I left him at work about eight o'clock finishing a waistcoat, and about half-past nine o'clock he left off work - I found him coming down stairs with a light in his hand - he blew out the candle - I could not see whether he had any thing - he came to my mother, and said, "How do you think I look in thewaistcoat my master has given me?" - she said, "Very well" - he said he would go out and buy a pennyworth of apples - he went out and never returned - this property was missed.


                  GEORGE 
                  CRAWLEY
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner slept in a house in West Smithfield, and left this property there to pay for his lodging - I was called in to the place, and asked him whose the clothes were - he said, his own - I said, they were too large for him - he then said they were his father's - I took him to the station-house, and he was liberated by the inspector.


                  LAWRENCE 
                  FITZHENRY
               



            . I live in the house. I was told to see who was coming down stairs about half-past nine o'clock, and met the prisoner on the kitchen stairs - he had just blow the light out.


                  RICHARD 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am a policeman. I had information about the prisoner, and went to his father's house - he was not there - I went next night to his father's house, and found him asleep, and took him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
GUILTY. Aged 15. - 


               Of stealing to the value of 99s.
             -




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
