




1312. 




THOMAS HANDS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of May, 1 watch, value 3l. 10s.; 1 watch-chain, value 1s.; 2 seals, value 9s.; and 1 watch-key, value 6d.; the goods of 




Francis Lee, from his person; and 



SARAH ROSE



, for feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing them to be stolen.






FRANCIS LEE
, I am a carver and gilder, and live in Buckingham-place. I generally work for a person in Norton-street—on the 6th of May I was in Oxford-street—I crossed by the side of the Pantheon, nearest the Blenheim-steps—I was not sober—when I was in the road I looking at my watch to see the time, and it was seventeen minutes past ten o'clock—I returned it to my fob, and finding I had taken a little more than I ought, I went between Marker-street and John-street, and called a cab—it came, and in getting into in I missed my footing, and fell down and hurt my thigh and my arm—the male prisoner was called by the boy who had the cab to come and help me in—the boy is not here, he was taken to the office and discharged (as he never had the property) to attend on the second examination—the prisoner then assisted me to get in, and the policeman likewise, but the prisoner was there precious to the policeman coming up—they got me into cab—before sitting down I put my hand to my fob, and said, "I am robbed, policeman came up and took the prisoner—the property was traces, and I identified it at the pawnbroker's

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Were you so drunk that before you got in you were reeling about the street? A. No, I was not—I walked quite straight—have missed the steps when I have been perfectly sober—there were several people round me when I fell down—the cab-boy called the policeman—I did no miss my watch till I got into the cab—the prisoner and policeman helped me in—I cannot tell what became of the

other people who were around me—the policeman's back was to them when he was helping me into the cab—I am sure I had my watch before I called the cab.

Q. Might not this have happened by your putting it in at the top of your trowsers instead of the fob? A. No—I never got so drunk as that—when I put my watch in my fob—it is my invariable practice to sound my watch in the bottom of my fob—I will not swear that I did so on this occasion.





JAMES CLARK
. I am errand-boy to Mr. Cuberson of Oxford-road, I was coming along Oxford-road, and saw the cab standing against the curb-stone, and Mr. Lee attempting to get in—he slipped once, and could not get in—he tried second time, he then could not get in—he tried a third time, he then fell down, and laid under the horse's head—gentleman came, and tried to take him up by the arm—he found he was too heavy, and then he called. "Tom" (meaning the male prisoner) to help him—the prisoner was standing against the coach rank—he assisted the other man to get him up—he put his right hand on the prosecutor's watch and seals, and his left hand under his arm-pit, and assisted in getting him up—when they had got him up, the policeman Sumpter came, and asked what was the matter—the prisoner said, "The gentleman has slipped in attempting to get into the cab; "and then the man who first took hold of his arm left go, and went round to the other side where he had been before; and the policeman took hold of the prosecutor's left arm—they succeeded in getting his foot on the step, and kept behind him as much as they could to get him up—the prisoner still kept his hand on his seals, and when he got his left foot on the step of the cap, he said, "Now I will lift you in, and as he lifted him in with his left hand, he took the watch with the right—I saw it distinctly—I saw the chain and seals—the male prisoner then went round to a man who was standing with a whip—(he was not the driver, we have found out since) and he offered the watch to him, but he would not take it—he told him to give it to Jack,—I think I should know Jack if I saw him again—he was short man, standing with a frock coat on—the prisoner then went to Jack, and shoved it into his hand, and told him to cut away, and see whether his horse had done his feed, of something to that effect—Jack then went away, but he did not go to any cab or coach—he ran between two coaches, and then came back again, as though he was coming back and then ran through two more coaches to a public-house, and darted through that public-house—I then came back, and the policeman was there, talking to the male prisoner—the prisoner said to me, "What did you want when you followed the man round the cab?"—he then said to me, "Cut off"—I said, "Very Well, I will"—I then went into my master's shop—there was a parleying then, and I told my master's son of it—he told me to go and tell of it—I went out, and the sergeant had taken the prisoner on suspicion—I ran after them, and told the sergeant that the prisoner was the man that had taken it—I then said that I saw where the man went with the watch—we went to the publican, and he said so many went through, that he could not tell who it was, but he thought he recollected a man who went through at that time.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see where the driver of the cab was, when all this was going on? A. I saw where the man stood who appeared to be the driver, but he was not the driver—no one got up at all—I did not see Mr. Lee sit down in the cab—at the time the prisoner took the watch, the policeman was behind, getting the gentleman into the cab—the prisoner

was on the right hand side of the man—the policeman was by the side of the cab when all that I have mentioned about Jack took place—the watch was not held up—I was close to him when he said, "I will have nothing to do with it, give it to Jack"—I do not know whether the policeman heard this talking—he was at the cab, and we were at the horse's head—the conversation took about two minutes—I was in my master's shop when Mr. Lee said he had lost his watch—my master is a lawyer—I am errand-boy to a bonnet shop—my mistress's son is a lawyer, and I call him my master, having no other master—I have been there a month—I did not charge the cab-man with taking the watch—I know Henry Richmond—he is the man who held the whip and refused to take the watch—that was the first time I saw him—he came next morning with the right driver of the cab, who had gone to get his supper—he said, "Have you seen Henry Richmond to-day, "he was hanging about—walking about—No charge was made against him—I have never seen Jack since.

Q. When you saw Jack running, and he the watch, why did not you call out "Stop thief?" A. There were so many I did not like to call—there was nobody about the prosecutor when he first fell-there might have been one or two, but they collected when they saw him lying on the ground—the man would have got away before I could have got round to tell the policeman—I had to go round the horse's head to the other wheel, four or five yards—I did not like to take hold of the prisoner when I saw him draw the watch, because there were a good many cab-men about me at that time.





THOMAS SUMPTER
 (police-constable E 43.) On the 6th of May, at twenty minutes past ten o'clock, I was on duty in Oxford-market, and saw the prosecutor lying across the pavement, apparently very much intoxicated—I made all the haste I could to assist him—I saw the male prisoner, in a stooping position, assisting to get him up-there was a cab close to the curb—I did not know whether the prisoner was the driver, as I had seen him drive cabs—I went and took hold of the prosecutor's left arm—the prisoner had hold of his right arm—after getting him up, I held him by his left shoulder, and the cab was near the curb to take him up a second time—I got his foot to the step of the cab, and soon after my sergeant came up; but just before that the male prisoner disappeared—I then turned away from the cab and the prosecutor called out that he had lost his watch after getting himself seated in the cab—he got out, and my sergeant came up at the moment, and saw the prisoner go across the street and return, and then he took him on suspicion of stealing the watch from the prosecutor.

Cross-examined. Q. When you came up, was Mr. Lee lying down? A. He was—there were very few people looking round—there might be five or Six—they appeared respectable people—there might be some cabman, but not to interfere with the prosecutor—I lifted him into the cab—he then cried out that he had lost his watch, and the male prisoner was seen moving away—he had the opportunity of going away entirely, but he came back—I have seen him driving cabs when the real driver is away—others often take their cabs for them—the cab-men go to a coffee-shop up John-street sometimes—that would account for the real cab-man not being there.





JOHN PIPER
 (police-sergeant E 14.) I was on duty about twenty minutes past ten o'clock, and saw a cab drawn up to the curb-stone, and sumpter assisting the prosecutor into it with the prisoner Hands—I then saw

Hands leave the cab and round to the coach rank—I ran into the rank to see what he was doing—he then returned and endeavoured to assist the gentleman. and to that time the gentleman said, "I have lost my. watch"—I then said to the prisoner, "Tom, what have you been doing?"—he said, "Nothing"—I then asked him what make him leave the cab and come back again—he said he had not been off the pavements—I then searched him—he asked me what I wanted; I told him the watch—he said, "I have not it on me"—I said, "I know; you have placed it on the rank; I shall take you on suspicion"—in going to the station Clark overtook me, and said, "Policeman, you have got the right man that stole it, but he has not got it on him."

Cross-examined. Q. When did the prosecutor complain that he had lost his watch? A. Directly he had got into the cab—the prisoner had left and come back then—they were not more than two or three minutes getting him into the cab—he did not fall down after they attempted to get him in—I saw Hands give him a lift—there might be about a dosen people standing about there, or more—the gas-lights were shining, and lights in the shop windows as well—I could see every body very distinctly—it was just outside the curb—Henry Richmond was the driver of the cab at that time—I looked back when we were going to the station, and the cab was drawn off—I do not know who drove it off—Richmond was taken by the Magistrate's order, a a he called Hands to assist him—it was the Magistrate's order he should not be put in the dock—there was no charge against him, except being the driver.





JOHN MILTON
. I am shopman to Mr. Cordell, a pawnbroker in Compton-street, This watch was pawned on the afternoon of the 7th of May, by the female prisoner—I do not recollect any conversation that passed—she was very well known at out shop—she redeemed some articles.
Francis Lee re-examined This my watch—two seals are gone from it.

Hends' Defence. At a quarter past ten o'clock I came from Oxford-street to go home, and saw a cub and a number of people—there was the policeman No. 43 and the gentleman in the gutter—he could not move—the cab-man said, "Tom, me a hand, "Which I did, and then up came the sergeant, and then No, 43 went away, and did not come any more—then the sergeant took me—I never saw the gentleman's watch in my life.





HENRY RICHMOND
. I was with the cab last Friday week—I was told to be with it by Jobbins when he went to his supper—I saw no watch—No watch was offered to me—I am the man that had the whip in my hand.

COURT. Q. Who is Jack? A. Nobody that I know of—I heard no name of Jack called—I did not see Clark there at all—I did not know that the gentleman had lost any watch till I saw the prisoner taken away—I was at the horse's head—I was not called by the prisoner at all, nor anybody by the name of Jack, that I heard of—I heard the gentleman say at the office he had lost his watch—the policeman did not help the gentleman into the cab—he never got into the cab at all—he got on the steps and then fell off—the gentleman did not call out, "I have been robbed of my watch"—I did not hear any thing at all about it—I did not hear him call out that he had been robbed—I never heard the prisoner call any name at all—I do not know who he would have meant by calling Jack—the driver was at supper, and left the cab with me—the prisoner is not a cab-driver—he has been driving for a man up at Paddington, about a month ago—I do not know what he was doing at Oxford-road—I did not get my

fare—I was taken into custody on the Saturday—I did not hear the gentleman say he had been robbed of his watch—if he had hallooed out loud I must have heard him.
(Charles Smith, tin-plate worker, of Oxford-market, and George Skinner. carpenter, of Nassau-street, gave the prisoner Hands a good character.)

HANDS—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Life.

ROSE—


NOT GUILTY
.
