



1120. 




EDWARD GORDON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
27th of February, 1 watch, value 5l., and 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d., the goods of 



Richard James Lockwood, from his person.






RICHARD JAMES LOCKWOOD
. I have been made of the William Lushington merchant vessel, which came from St. Kitts. On the morning of the 27th of February, I had come from Gravesend by the night-tide—I called at the Elephant and Castle for a little refreshment—I was quite sober—I was sitting in the top-room by the fire, having a glass of purl—the prisoner came in after me—he sat down some time about a yard from me—there was nobody between us—he asked me if I could tell him what time it was, very shortly after he came in—I told him one hand of my watch was loose, and I could not depend upon it—I took my watch out, and held it for him to feel the hand, that it was loose—I returned it to my fob—it had a black ribbon to it—I dropped asleep from fatigue—I was dead beat—I was not asleep more than five minutes—when I awoke I missed my watch, and the prisoner was gone—I have never found my watch—I would give 5l., if I could, for my father gave it to me, and he is dead—I had bad it for thirteen years—the prisoner was quite a stranger—he turned his pockets inside-out, saying, "I have no money, give me a pint of beer," and I gave him one—I am sure he is the man—there was no clock in the room—I put my watch in my right hand waistcoat-pocket.





ANN GRAHAM
. I am the daughter of the landlady of the Elephant and Castle. I recollect the prosecutor coming into the house at six o'clock in the morning, and he was there between nine and ten o'clock, sitting by the fire, and I saw the prisoner sitting by the side of him—I heard the prisoner ask the time—Lock wood pulled his watch out to show him—he returned it to his right-hand waistcoat pocket, and fell asleep—I saw the prisoner go away about five minutes after the prosecutor fell asleep—I was not in the tap-room then—Lockwood missed his watch immediately after the prisoner was gone—there was no other person in the room from the time Lockwood showed his watch to the prisoner till he missed it—I am quite sure he is the man.

Prisoner. Q. Were there not two young standing before the bar? A. There was one, but the prosecutor was in the tap-room—after you went away a farmer came in, but the prosecutor had lost his watch then.





RICHARD WILLIAM PARKER
. I am a policeman. I had information about this on the 27th of February—I understood the prisoner went by the name of Teddy—I apprehended him that day, within an hour and a half of the robbery, at Aldgate—I told him I wanted him for stealing a silver watch from a gentleman—he asked where—I said, "At the Elephant and Castle"—he said he was never there in his life, and that he was a hardworking industries man—I said I must take him to the station-house—he said he would go quietly if I would not lay hold of him—I took him to the station-house, and asked if he had any money—he said, "No"—I searched him, and in his right-hand pocket I found 1s. and a knife; in his waistcoat pocket, 6d., and in his fob, half-a-crown.

Prisoner's Defence. It is no use saying any thing—I am in innocent as a new-burn infant of it—that man is half-cracked—he does not know what he says at times—I went into the house having used it for five years, to have

a pint of beer, and saw this man sitting down—two young women stood before the bar, and he seemed as if he had been drinking with them—I drank my beer, and came out—many people might have gone in for what I know—at the time I came out there was a man came in.





RICHARD JAMES LOCKWOOD

re-examined. The prisoner sat on my left side—my ribbon and all was taken—my coat was not buttoned.




GUILTY
. Aged 33.—


Transported for Seven Years.
