





1850. 
               
                  
                     JANE 
                     BRUICE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of August
, 2 watches, value 2l.; 1 seal, value 7s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 3s., and 2 sovereigns
            , the property of 
               
                  Moss 
                  Jewell
               




            , her master.


                  MOSS 
                  JEWELL
               



            . I live in High-street, Shadwell


. The prisoner was in my service for about a week; I missed a watch the latter end of July; and on Monday, the 1st of August, I had occasion to look over a looking-glass drawer in my bed-room, I took out two sovereigns, and left three there - the prisoner went out that day with my daughter, who gave me information; I went to the drawer that evening, and two out of the three sovereigns were gone; the drawer had been opened by a key - next morning, when the Policeman came by, I called him in; I then called the prisoner, and said, "How came you to open my drawer, and take two sovereigns?" she said,"How could I do so when mistress had the key?" I said,"How came you by the two sovereigns you spent yesterday?" she said she was married to a man who gave her one, and that her former master gave her another - she said,"You may search me, I have not a single shilling;" I took her to the station-house - a sovereign, 4s. 6d., and the duplicate of a watch were found on her - we asked where the young man she was married to lived; she never told us - we found in her box a gold seal, which I had missed, and a key which opened my drawer, also a pair of shoes of her mistress, and a street-door key - we found out the young man; I asked him for the watch Jane had given him; he gave me a watch; I had lost two watches, and about six sovereigns had been stolen.


                  GEORGE 
                  FURLONG
               



            . I am an officer. I searched the prisoner's box, and have the duplicate of the watch; the prosecutor's evidence is correct - I found the seal at the bottom of one of the prisoner's stockings.


                  MARIA 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . My husband is a Police-officer. I searched the prisoner, and found a purse, containing a sovereign, 4s. 6d., and a duplicate in her pocket; she said if she told me something, would I not tell again; I said I did not want to hear any thing; she afterwards said the money belonged to her father.


                  SOMERVILLE 
                  TELVER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. The watch was found at my house, in Broad-street: I believe the prisoner to be the person who pawned it - the duplicate found is what I gave for it.


                  JOHN 
                  HENRY ROLT
               



            . I am a shipwright, and have known the prisoner three months. On the 31st of July she gave me a watch to take care of; Mr. Jewell came to me on the 2nd of August, and I gave it to Clayton; the prisoner told me a young man who kept company with her four years ago, was drowned, and that was his watch.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLAYTON
               



            . I am a Policeman. I have the watch.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that she purchased the shoes of her mistress; that one watch belonged to her father, the other had been given to her by the prosecutor's son, who had been intimate with her, and that the money was her own.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
