



1416. 




MARY WEATHERSTONE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
26th of May, 1 pair of gloves, value 2d.; 7 keys, value 1s. 6d.; 4 half-crowns, and 7 shillings; the goods and monies of 



William Ince, from his person.






WILLIAM INCE
. I am a tailor, and live in Caroline-street, Commercial-road. On the 27th of May, I was returning home, and met the prisoner about twelve o'clock at night, and was with her until four o'clock—I had been drinking, but was sober when I met her—there was another woman, and I believe a man, in her company—we went to a public-house and drank together—we then went to a house which the prisoner resorted to—the other woman, and two men went there with the prisoner and myself—it was a court in Brook-street, Ratcliff—we went on the first floor—we were all in one room, and on one bed in the room—I sat myself on the foot of the bed, and laid down on my back, with my clothes on, for some time—the prisoner was sitting at the other end of the room, and the other woman sat on the foot of the bed, on the right side, with me, and laid down with her clothes on—I did not unbutton my clothes—nothing took place between me and the woman—I was dozing, and was disturbed by the prisoner's hand in my coat pocket—I caught her hand in my coat pocket—

my gloves had been in that pocket, 4 half-crowns and 7s. were inside one glove, and that glove was put inside the other—I had a shilling in my waistcoat pocket—when 1 found her hand in my pocket, she ran down stairs directly—I missed my gloves and money—I ran down after her, and saw her turn to the right—I lost sight of her in less than half a minute—I ran up stairs, and asked the two men and woman if they wished to see me robbed—I ran down stairs again, and they followed me—I missed a bunch of keys when I examined further.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q, What time was it when you first went to this house? A. I think from half-past twelve o'clock to half-past one—I live about ten minutes' walk from the public-house where I bad been drinking—I was not tipsy—I had been drinking for three-quarters of an hour at the most—I believe I took both spirits and beer—I suppose I did not take more than two glasses of gin—I cannot tell how long it was from the time I went to the house till I found her hand la my pocket—there was no clock in the place—I was dozing, and half asleep—I laid with my coat-skirts turned up under me—directly I caught the prisoner's hand in my pocket, I jumped up—the woman, who was by my side, was completely awake—the two men were sitting at the other end of the room—I had seen the other woman before—I do not know her name—I do not suppose I had spoken to her above once or twice before—I went into the public-house alone—I do not think I gave the prisoner any drink—I gave the others some—I drank about half a glass of gin at the house—I did not accuse the other woman of robbing me—I struck her, but did not charge her with having robbed me—I have resided in the parish of Stepney twenty years—I was not tipsy at the time this took place, or I could not give a description of the money, gloves, and keys directly they were found—the prisoner ran down stairs directly I caught her hand in my pocket—she could not get her hand out directly—I believe they were singing in the room some time, and the time passed away—I saw the other woman here to-day.





SIMON O'DRISCOL
. I am a policeman. I heard a woman screaming, between three and four o'clock, and proceeded to the court in Brook-street—I found the prosecutor holding the prisoner—he gave her in charge for robbing him of 16s. or 17s., and a pair of gloves—I called in another officer, and left him there while I took the prisoner to the station-house—Ince went with me; and she told him, on the road, to stick to her as tight as he could—she appeared jeering him—I went back to the house afterwards, and found a bunch of keys down the privy—a person would pass the privy to come from the house into the street.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw Ince having hold of the prisoner; where was that? A. By the door of the house, No. 4, in the court, near the privy—I saw another woman, but no man—he said she had robbed him, and he should see it all right—she made him that answer—I understood her to mean, to put him at defiance.

COURT. Q. Besides the keys found in the privy, did you find any thing else there? A. My brother-officer, Wells, took a glove from the tiles, and gave it to me—there was nothing in it.

MR. PAYNE. Q. How high were the tiles? A. Any man might reach to them.





JOHN JAMES
. I am a policeman. I went to assist Driscol—I remained at the house while they went to the station-house, and continued in sight of the privy—nobody went there while Driscol was absent—I found a

glove on the rafter, under the tiles—there were two half-crowns and seven shillings in the glove.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the prosecutor sober? A. Yes, when I saw him, which was between three and four o'clock—I found the glove about eight feet from the ground—there was just room between the tiles to get my finger in—the glove must have been pushed in—a person could stand on the seat and push it in.





MARY ANN OSMOND
. I am the wife of a policeman. I was called is on the morning in question to search the prisoner—I found two half-crowns in her stocking—she had before that taken every thing else off, but seemed unwilling to pull the stockings off—she said, "If I must take my stockings off, there are two half-crowns in one of them; but they were given to me before, in Limehouse-fields"—she said she had received them that night, before she had seen the prosecutor.

Cross-examined. Q. At what time were you called in to search her? A. At four o'clock, as near as I can guess—she would not let me take the stockings off.





WILLIAM INCE

re-examined. These are my gloves, and the keys are mine—I lost four half-crowns and seven shillings.





HARRIET NICHOLSON
. I rented the room which the young lass came in—I and the prisoner were in the public-house having some drink, and the prosecutor was there—we drank with him, and he went up into my room—he was very much in liquor—he went there between two and three in the morning.

COURT. Q. You were in the public-house together, and he went to your room? A. Yes, and had 6d. worth of liquor—after he came to my room we all laid on the bed—all five of us on one bed—we laid down, but not to sleep—he was very much in liquor, and laid down—there was a friend of his in the room, whom he brought with him—there were two men in the room and himself, and us two lasses—neither of the men were acquaintances of ours—I did not take them there—they went with the prosecutor—I have not seen either of them here to-day—the prosecutor beat me very much at the door, and first accused me of the robbery, and then he accused the prisoner—he gave me a dreadful black eye and swollen face—I was obliged to go to the doctor's.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
