






1167. 
               
                  BENJAMIN 
                  STACE
               




             and 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  STACE
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of August
, 12 plates, value 1s. 6d.; 42 toy plates, value 3s.; 3 mugs, value 6d.; and 30 cups and saucers, value 3s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  Charles Frederick 
                  Turner
               




            .
CHARLES FREDERICK TURNER. I deal in earthenware
, and live in Oxford-street


. Benjamin Stace was in my employ fifteen months, as porter
 - on the 15th of August, I was in bed, in the parlour adjoining the shop, about seven o'clock in the morning - Benjamin Stace came, and I gave him a light to light the fire, and open the shop - I thought it was a good while before he put the goods out, and I got out of bed and looked through the window - I saw him put several things in a bag - I went up stairs to the first floor, and saw Frederick Stace, (who is his son,) going along with the same bag - I came down, and went after him - he had got three or four doors off - I then took him - he said his father gave them to him - the bag contained the articles stated - I went home, but Benjamin Stace was gone - I went with the officer to his lodgings, and waited till he came home - I saw him put down two pans - the officer then took him - this is my property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRITCHARD
               



             (police-sergeant E 9). I went with the prosecutor to the prisoner's lodging - I took him - I found there some pans, some dishes, and plates - he said one pan and one dish did not belong to his master - in going to the station-house, he said his boy was in want of a pair of shoes, and he did it to get them.
Benjamin Stace's Defence. The things the officer found are my own property.
BENJAMIN STACE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
FREDERICK STACE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .(There was another indictment against Benjamin Stace.)
