






841. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  THOMPSON
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     LAWRENCE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of February
, 2 books, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Jeremiah Box 
                  Stockdale
               




            .
JEREMIAH BOX STOCKDALE. I live in Carlton-street


, and am a bookseller
. These books were taken from my counter on the night of the illumination - I did not know it till the officer brought them; the prisoners were then in custody.


                  HENRY 
                  WILLIAM
               



             MORRISON. I am a special constable. On the evening of the 25th of February I called at a public-house, and received some information - I went out with an officer, and saw the two prisoners; I went and looked into the prosecutor's window - one of the prisoners came and looked me in the face; he then went and joined his companion on the other side - I gave notice to the Police-constable; I followed, took Thompson, and in his jacket pocket I found these two books, but nothing on Lawrence - I had seen them both near the prosecutor's shop, but did not see either of them go in.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.Did Thompson say that the other gave him the books? A. He did not, in my hearing.
WILLIAM DRANE. I was with Morrison, but I stood a little back - I saw Thompson look into his face, then go and join his companion on the other side; they then went on to the corner of Norris-street, where they were taken.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not see Thompson in the shop? A. No. nor the other - Thompson did not say that the other gave him the books.
JOSEPH DUTTON. I saw the two prisoners together near the prosecutor's, but did not see either of them go in.
MR. STOCKDALE. These books are mine - I know I had such on my counter; they were bound to a particular binding for a gentleman that day.
Cross-examined. Q. Is not this a common sort of binding? A. Yes, but these had been some time in the house, and were a little soiled - we have not sold any of these for some years; they were withdrawn from circulation.
Thompson received a good character.
THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Confined Three Months
            .
LAWRENCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
