



1013. 



THOMAS GION
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
4th of April, 1 necklace, value 5s., the goods of 



Thomas Griffin, from the person of 



Jane Griffin, and that he had been before convicted of felony.



Sixth Session, 1385. 1093

MR. JONES
conducted the Prosecution.





THOMAS GRIFFIN
. I am a publican, and live in Bermondsey-street. On the 4th of April, between four and five o'clock, my daughter Jane left my house with a necklace of coral beads, round her neck—I afterwards heard her crying near the door—I ran out, and she told me something—I followed the prisoner, who was walking at a moderate pace in the middle of the road—when I came near him, I saw him throw something from his right hand, but I did not see what it was—I took him, and gave him in charge to a policeman—he went willingly with me part of the way, but, before we got to the station, he made an attempt to escape; and, had it not been for the determination of the policeman, he would have got away.





ELIZABETH STEVENS
. On the 4th of April, I saw the prosecutor's daughter playing with her hoop—I then saw the prisoner walk from her, and she was crying—I asked her what was the matter—she said, "That man has got ray beads"—the prisoner went away—the child took hold of the skirts of his coat, and said, "Give me my beads"—I looked the prisoner in the face—he coloured, but said nothing—the prosecutor then came out and followed him.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me take the beads?—A. No; I saw you walk from her, and you were closer to her than any one else.





CHARLOTTE LOADER
. I live in John-street. I saw the prisoner taken—I saw his hand was in his right-hand pocket, and when the prosecutor pursued him, he threw something over his left shoulder—it looked to me to be red, like a red piece of cord, and when it was taken up by a young man, it was these beads—I was not more than three yards from him whan he picked them up.





THOMAS GRIFFIN
. I received these beads from the young man, in the presence of this witness—they are what my daughter had had on.





JOHN ARLETT
 (police-constable M 97.) I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office (read)—I was present, and know he is the man.

Prisoner's Defence. I had been out of work a fortnight—I was walking down the street with two or three young men—I turned up a court, and when I had got about two hundred yards further, the prosecutor came and accused me of this. I am quite innocent.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
