






371. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     VINSON
                  




               
             & 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ANDREWS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of October
, one 20l., seven 10l., and two 5l. Bank notes
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Jenkins
                  




               
            ; against the Statute. &c.
JAMES JENKINS. I am agent to the Aberdeen and London Shipping Company
 - 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hadgley
               



             is collecting clerk. On the 15th of October I received 100l. from him, in one 20l., seven 10l., and two 5l. Bank notes; I put them into my cash-box, and put them into a tin chest in my counting-house, on Miller's wharf


; it is unconnected with any house - I was always in the habit of putting my books and papers in that counting-house; no one slept there - it was used in the day-time on business; these notes were safe on Saturday night, the 16th of October, at half-past eight o'clock; I went again on Monday morning to the counting-house, about nine o'clock - I found the cover of the tin chest shut down, but not locked, as I had left it; I had the key in my pocket - there was a lock to the cash-box, but the key was in it, as it always was; I missed the notes out of the cash-box, but every thing else was safe - there were bills and papers in it: Vinson was in the employ of Mr. Hosier, on the same wharf, as an occasional labourer
, to go out with the waggon - I had not made any memorandum of the numbers or dates of the notes - Mr. Hadgley had written on them.


                  WOLF 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a clothes-salesman, and live at No. 66, Rosemary-lane. On one Sunday morning, I think six or seven weeks before the 29th of December, I was standing at my shop door, and saw Vinson with another man, but I could not swear the other was Andrews, though to the best of my belief, he is the man; they came into my shop and purchased two suits of clothes, a jacket, a linen shirt, and a pair of stockings, which came to about 7l. - Vinson went over his fob pocket, and pulled out a note, and gave it to the shopman Solomon Solomon, who is here - he gave it to me; I asked Vinson to put his name and place of abode on it - I saw him write upon it, but I can neither read nor write - I had not change about me; I went out and got change of Mr. Ruffell, he gave me change; when I had given change they went away; I afterwards saw Vinson in custody at the Police-office - I observed his trousers which he then had on, and I knew them by a mark that I had put on the fob, as I always do in trousers; I knew them to be the same I had sold - I have a strong belief that Andrews was the other man, but I would not swear it; he had a jacket on when he came in with the other prisoner - I heard him talk then, and heard him speak at the Police-office; I believed him to be the same man, and I believe so still - he appeared about the same height.
Vinson. There are two letters of his name on the things. Witness - It is not proper writing, it is a mark that I have learned to make, to know my things again when they are given out to be repaird.
Andrews. He says we both went out together, but Vinson went out first.


                  GEORGE 
                  RUFFELL
               



            . I am a baker, and live in Rosemary-lane; I changed a note for 
               
                  Wolf 
                  Harris
               



            , on aSunday morning, that was six or seven weeks before the first examination at the Thames Police, which was on the 29th of December - it was a 10l. note; I had no other 10l. notes, nor had I for nearly a twelve month - I paid it to Mr. Charles Atkins, a baker, a fortnight or three weeks afterwards - I did not make any mark on it.


                  CHARLES 
                  ATKINS
               



            . I am a baker, and live in Rosemary-lane; I received a 10l. note from Ruffell, on the 15th of November - I left it with my wife on the 29th of November, to pay to Mr. Back the same afternoon, as I was going into the City; I had no other 10l. note.


                  SARAH 
                  ATKINS
               



            . On the 29th of November I received the note from my husband, and paid it to Mr. Back; it was a 10l. note of the Bank of England.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BACK
               



            . I am a dealer in flour, and live at Stratford, St. Mary, Suffolk - I received a 10l. Bank of England note from Mrs. Atkins; I cannot exactly tell the day, but I received a 10l. and a 5l. note from her - I did not take notice of the number, but can tell it by the word"Atkins" which I wrote upon it - I paid it to Weston and Co., my bankers; they live in the Borough - here is the note; it has the name of Atkins on it in my hand-writing.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ERENEZER NEWSOM
               



            . I am clerk in the banking-house of Messrs. Weston and Co., Borough - I have the entry of the receipt of five 5l. note, a 10l. note, and some cash received from Mr. Back, on the 30th of November, but it is not in my hand-writing; 285l. was the total amount received - the clerk who made the entry is not here; I have refreshed my memory from an entry in the book of the banking-house, made by myself - I took all the notes paid into our house that day to the Bank of England the next day - we do not take the numbers, but there is a mark on this 10l. note made by another clerk, who is not here - but I know it by that.


                  GEORGE 
                  DYER
               



            . I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I produce a 10l. note, No. 5, 109, 18th of September 1830 - we do not issue two notes of the same number and date - this was paid into the Bank on the 1st of December, by Weston and Co., in a total of 2,355l.; when a banker pays in a parcel of notes, the name is written on the outside, and entered in a book; this is one of the notes in that bundle.


                  THOMAS 
                  HADGLEY
               



            . This note was in my possession on the 13th of October; here is my writing on it - it is No. 5109, dated 18th September, 1830. On the 15th of Ocber I paid a sum of money, amounting to 100l., to Mr. Jenkins, and this note is one of the notes I paid him - I know both the prisoners; Vinson was a labourer in Mr. Hosier's employ at that time; I am collector to the wharf - Mr. Hosier is the wharfinger, and the principal of the wharf; Vinson's wages was 10s. a week - he only received boy's wages; Andrews was not in our employ at that time - he came there afterwards; I do not recollect that I had seen him previously - the first wages he appears to have received was on the 30th of October, which would have been for the preceding week, from the 23rd.


                  JAMES 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a Thames Police-officer. I have a waistcoat and a pair of trousers I took off the prisoner Vinson's person, at the office.
WOLF HARRIS. This waistcoat has my mark on it, and is one I sold Vinson that Sunday morning; these trousers have the same mark - they are what I sold then; I identified them at the office - I sold them to Vinson.


                  THOMAS 
                  HADGLEY
               



             re-examined. Q. When did Vinson leave? A. The last wages he received was on the 20th of November - he was dismissed shortly before he was taken on this charge.


                  GEORGE 
                  HITCHCOCK
               



            . I live at No. 11, Lower Berners-street, Commercial-road. On the 28th of October Andrews took a room in my house - he furnished it himself; I suppose the value of the whole he put in might be about 7l., but he did not bring all his things in on the 28th of October - they were brought in in about a fortnight; he first came to live there on the 5th of November - he brought a female, who lived with him as his wife; on the 8th of November Vinson came to lodge in my house; I let him a bed, and he slept there - he took his meals with Andrews and the female; on the 14th of December I was at home, and Blyth, the officer, came and took Andrews and the young woman into custody - Vinson did not sleep in my house that night, but I saw him over the way the next morning; he came over to me when he found that I opened the door - I told him there was a charge against him, for which I had orders to take him into custody provided he came to the house; he said he wished to see the prisoners, who were then in custody - I took him to the Police-office.


                  DANIEL 
                  BLYTH
               



            . I am a Thames Police-officer. On the evening of the 14th of December, I went to Hitchcock's house - I waited till Andrews came in; I searched a box, which Andrews said belonged to him - I found a pair of trousers and a blue waistcoat in it; these are them- I also found a linen shirt and a new hat in the room; Andrews said he bought the hat of a man in New Gravel-lane, and gave 9s. or 9s. 6d. for it, and the trousers and jacket he bought at Mr. Freeman's, in the Commercial-road - there were half a dozen chairs in the room, a bedstead, bed and bedding, a piece of new carpet, a new looking-glass, some waiters, and new cooking utensils; I should think the whole worth about 6l. or 7l. - he said his wife, as he called her, purchased the chairs and bedstead; Harris and his man were with me - the first examination was on the 15th of December; they were remanded till the 29th.
WOLF HARRIS. This waistcoat and trousers have my mark; they are what I sold on that Sunday morning.


                  SOLOMON 
                  SOLOMON
               



            . I went to the house with the officer - I am shopman to Wolf Harris, and was so on the Sunday morning the two men came to the shop - the note was delivered to me; I know the two prisoners to be the men I sold the clothes to - I have no doubt at all of it; it was six or seven weeks before we went down to the Police-office the first time - we make no entries of the sale of any goods.
Vinsons Defence. I was going past Harris' shop, and he asked if I wanted to buy any thing - I said No, but he forced me into his house; I said I did not want to buy any thing, but I would take the waistcoat - I then took out the note, and asked him for change; he said he had no change, but I had better buy something for Andrews, who was with me, and he should then be able to get change - he then had a suit of clothes also.
WOLF HARRIS. I did not sell them at all; it was Solomon.


                  SOLOMON 
                  SOLOMON
               



            . I did not recommend him to buyany thing - he asked for the clothes; I did not say I could not give him change without he bought some more things, or ask him to buy any things for Andrews.
Vinson. He treated us with rum, and asked if we had any thing to sell - we said No; he said if we had, to bring it at any time, and it should be all right.
SOLOMON SOLOMON. I did not say so, nor did any one in the house.
VINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
ANDREWS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
