






564. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GANDY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ATKINS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of January
, 2 purses, value 5s.; 4 half-crowns, and 8 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Talbott
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  TALBOTT
               



            . I am a widow
, and live in Adam-street, Manchester-square. On the 23rd of January, about twelve o'clock at noon, I was at the corner of Goulston-street, Whitechapel


 - I had a reticule on my arm, and was walking quickly along - I was hustled by four or five or six persons, who got round me, and when I attempted to cross, the opening was stopped by one or another of the gang - I was rather pushed back by one or the other of the gang, and one of them, whom I believe to be Gandy, said, "Ladies, pass on, you are a long time crossing," and at that time there was an opening made for me to move - I went to move, and immediately heard a cry of Stop thief! I found my reticule was cut, and two purses had been taken out, each of which had silver in it- I have never seen any of the money or the purses since; I can swear the two prisoners were at the corner of the street, and I believe Gandy was the one who said "Ladies pass on" - he was taken immediately, and Atkins on the 30th.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Were there not a great number of persons there? A. No; there were several passing and re-passing - those who did pass were obliged to go into the road to cross; I wished to pass on- when I heard the expression, Gandy was before me, and the others were chiefly before me or on the side of me; I should think it could not have occurred by accident - I was impeded in my walk.


                  CHARLES 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am warehouseman to Messrs. Harben and Larkin, I was in the warehouse, on the 23rd of January, about twelve o'clock in the day, and heard the alarm - I ran to the door, and saw Gandy run up the street; I stopped him, and asked what he had been doing - he said Nothing; I seized him - he struck and bit me, but I still held him - Atkins then came up, and Gandy passed a purse to him.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you run? A. No; he ran towards me - I met him; Atkins came up, and received a green purse from him - it had a little tassel to it.


                  ELIZA 
                  TALBOT
               



            . One of my purses was green, and the other black.


                  THOMAS 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am high-constable of the Towerhamlets - I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw a mob running up Goulston-street - I went up, and found Gandy in the possession of Baker; I took him and found on him this pen-knife, and a cork attached to a leather thong; Baker described Atkins to me, and I took him some days afterwards.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SAVAGE
               



             (Police-constable H 50). I was on duty in Whitechapel on the 23rd of January; I saw the two prisoners and five others at the corner of Goulston-street - I went on, and was afterwards told I was wanted; I went back, and found Gandy in custody - on the Wednesday following, I found Atkins, in company with Douglas in the City; I took him, and found this pen-knife on him.
Atkins. Can Baker state that I took the purse?
CHARLES BAKER. Yes; I have known him the last three years in company with bad characters - he had a brown surtout coat on, blue waistcoat, and light trousers.
Atkins to WILLIAM SAVAGE. Q. What dress had I on? A. A brown surtout coat, but I did not notice your trousers or waistcoat; I have known you well for the last two years.
Gandy. The prosecutrix at first said she could not swear to my being there.


                  ELIZA 
                  TALBOTT
               



            . No; I said I would not swear you were the person who cut the bag, but I said you were there.
GANDY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
ATKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Life
            .
