





300. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     GOODE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of August
, 50lbs. of flag annatto, value 50s., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Fullwood
                     




                  , and others, his masters
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FULLWOOD
               



            . I am in partnership with my two brothers - we live in Somerset-street, Hoxton


, and manufacture annatto
 - when it comes from abroad, we call it flag annatto - the prisoner was in our employ, but left us in October, in consequence of illness - in November we missed a considerable quantity of annatto, and I went to Mr. Nicholson's, in Bermondsey, about three weeks ago, where I found fifty pounds of flag annatto, worth 1s. 6d. a pound - it is part of what we lost - the prisoner was employed to manufacture it.
JOSEPH NICHOLSON. I am a dyer, and live in Grangewalk, Bermondsey; but my dye-house is in Snow's Fields - I showed Mr. Fullwood the annatto which I had from Carcass.


                  ISAAC 
                  CARCASS
               



            . I am a commission agent - I sold Mr. Nicholson the fifty pounds weight of annatto, which I got from Mr. Vanheson.


                  GEORGE 
                  VANHESON
               



            . I showed the annatto to Carcass, on the 31st of August, and went with him and England, who took it to Mr. Nicholson's - I received only half-a-crown for going over.
THOMAS ENGLAND. I am a porter - George Vanheson took me to Mrs. Howe's, in Crab-tree-row, and I carried the annatto from there to Mr. Nicholson's.
HANNAH HOWE. I lived in Crab-tree-row - when I went home one evening in August, I saw a bag of stuff in my room, which looked like red ochre - I showed it to Vanheson- I don't know how it came there - they gave me some money, which I gave to my son to give to the young man - I had not seen the prisoner.
Prisoner. Q. Did you never sell about two hundred weight, and take me up into your room, and tell me you had got 4l. 10s. for it? A. No: I never saw you that I know of- I never took you into my room - my son never took any into my house early in the morning.
JOSEPH HOWE. I am son of the witness - I know the prisoner - I met him in Church-street, Bethnal-green, in August last - he asked me if I would let him bring a parcel to our house the next morning; and I said he might if he liked; and he brought a bag of flag annatto, and left it in the down stairs room, and said he would meet me another time - I saw a horse and cart at the bottom of the turning - I received about 30s. from my mother three or four days afterwards, which I gave to the prisoner the same evening in Church-street, Bethnal-green - he gave me half-a-crown.
Prisoner. Q. Did you never carry about two hundred weight into your mother's house from Mr. Fullwood's cart? A. No; I did not bring you 4l. 18s. and receive 1l. 9s. of it myself - I did not buy the clothes I have now on with it.
GEORGE GRAVES. I am an officer - I remember the prisoner being examined on Tuesday last - when I took him to the lock-up room he said, "The whole truth shall come out, I will show up the real thieves" - I had not promised or threatened him - he began to tell me something - I said,"You had better say nothing to me, but write it down, I will call for it;" I called and got this letter from him.
MR. FULLWOOD. This is his writing, and this is our annatto.(Letter read.)
"Newgate, Jan. 1, 1834.
"I have known the witness, Joseph Howe, about eight months ago. I met him in August last in Crab-tree-row; he asked me where I was going? I told him nowhere particular; he asked me what was the matter with my hands; I told him it was my work; he asked me what work it was; I told him; he asked me if I could get any of the stuff? I told him I never had; I told him I did not like; he said he could put it away; I said I would get some; on the Friday I took him about 24 pounds, he sold on the Saturday; he had four half-crowns; he gave me two of them; we went to the Adam and Eve together; the next week I took him about 180 pounds to the end of Hare-alley; he carried it to his mother's house; I waited for his coming back again to me. On the Friday night following he told me it was sold for sixpence-halfpenny per pound; he said his mother was going with it along with Vanheason; he said it was sold in Wheeler-street; I asked him if he knew their names; he said, No. About half-past eight o'clock I went to Mrs. Howe's house; she told me it was right; she showed me a bill; I did not know the handwriting; it was wrote very bad; she told me that she had given Vanheason five shillings and the porter a shilling, and they had sixpennyworth of gin; we had some conversation with her; I then left her house and went to the Adam and Eve to meet him; he was there; he called me on one side and told me it was all right; he gave me two sovereigns and eight shillings; he said he had the same; he showed me the same quantity of money that he gave me; he said he should buy a suit of clothes with his money; I met him on the Saturday; I met witness in Church-street; he had on new clothes; I said to him, You have turned a Gentleman all at once; he said, When shall you get any more? I told him in a few days. The next week I took some to his mother's house - it was to fetch 4l. 8s. 6d.; it was at his house about four days; I asked him if it was sold? he said he had not got an answer about it yet. On the Friday night his mother came to the Adam and Eve; she said to her son Joseph, 'Have you taken the stuff?' he said 'No:' she said, 'Some one has stole it then;' she called me on one side and said, 'Bill, some one has stole the stuff out of my house; I know it is Vanheason is the thief.' I said, 'That is a very pretty thing for me;' he said, 'I followed him with a load all down Bermondsey; I lost him there: I know it was him.' I have been in her sons' company many times since; this is the whole truth; what they say is false. As for knowing anything of the other prisoner, or anything of any cake annatto, I never sold any in my life.
"I hope Mr. Fullwood will come or send to me to-morrow, and let me know, as I want to make my defence, and to know if he intends to prosecute the witness. Do not forget it, if you please."I remain yours,
"To George Graves,
"Police Office, Worship Street." "W. J. GOODE."
Prisoner's Defence (written)."I have known the witness, Joseph Howe, about a month - I met him in August, in Crab-tree-row - he asked me where I was going - I told him nowhere particular - he asked me what was the matter with my hands - I told him it was my work - he asked me what work it was - I told him - he then said, 'Cannot you get any of the stuff?' - I told him I did not like - he said he could sell it - he said he would meet me with it anywhere - I took about twenty-four pounds of flag annatto to the witness's house, which was sold by Mrs. Vanheason - I received 5s. from 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Howe
               



            ; that was my share of the money - in the course of a few days I took to the witness's house some more, which was sold by the witness Vanheason - it was sold for 5l. 4s. 6d. - Howe told me it was sold in Wheeler-street - Vanheason had 5s. for his trouble, and the porter had 1s. for taking it in a truck - Mrs. Howe told me that her son had got all the money - I went to meet him at the corner of Brick-lane, where he called me on one side, and gave me 2l. 9s. for my share - I was to meet him the next night, which I did, and he had a new suit of clothes on - he said, 'When shall you get any more?' I told him I did not know - he said, 'Cannot you get some next week?' I said, 'I will see the following week' - I took him about 180lbs. of it - I took it to the end of Hare-alley, in Mr. Fullwood's cart - Howe carried it to his mother's house - I waited for him coming back - he said, 'It is all right' - he rode with me in the cart into Shoreditch, where I left him, and he went to his home - I went to his house at night - he told me he had cut the name off, and should get a customer in a few days - there was about 140lbs. of cake annatto among it - it was to be sold for 4l. 8s. 6d - I was to have 2l. 4s. 3d. for my share - in about four days' time Mrs. Howe came to the corner of Brick-lane, to the Adam and Eve, and asked her son 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Howe
               



             what he had done with the stuff? - he said he had not touched it - she said, 'It is stolen' - she then came to me and called me aside, and said, 'Bill, the stuff is stolen'- I said, 'Who could have stolen it?' - she said, 'Vanheason is the thief I know, for I followed him to Bermondsey with a load, and then I lost him; I know it must be him and no one else - I have seen 
               
                  George 
                  Godfrey
               



             and JosephHowe very often together, in different public-houses - the witness, Joseph Howe, only came out of the House of Correction, for two months, last Sunday morning, for dogstealing - I do not know any other person concerned in the robbery but them - this is the truth - as for the prisoner Cohen, I never saw him in my life till he was brought to the bar, at Worship-street, with me - this is the truth, and nothing but the truth, so help me God - I throw myself on the mercy of the court - and had I not most unfortunately been persuaded by the witness, Joseph Howe, and his mother to plunder my master of the property, I never should have committed the crime; so I leave myself to the mercy of the court and the prosecutor."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
