




2177. 



WILLIAM HAYES
 and 



DAVID CONNOR
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
20th of September, 57lbs. weight of lead, value 10s., the goods of 



William Aubrey de Vere Beauclerk, Duke of St. Alban's,—2nd COUNT, for ripping and cutting some lead, with intent to steal the same.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN ROFE
. (Police-Sergeant C 7.) I was on duty in Piccadilly at seven o'clock last Tuesday evening. I saw the prisoner Connor standing against the area-railing, in front of No. 80, which is next door to the Duke of St. Alban's—as I got near to him I heard a noise in the area, as I supposed—I looked down, and saw a man's head, as if gliding away to avoid sight—I remarked to Connor, that in all probability it was a cat—he said, something in an under tone that I could not exactly understand—I thought it was not that he knew of—I waited till Sheen came up, and gave Connor into custody—I then saw Hayes come up the area steps—I ordered him over the gate—he climbed over, and I took him directly, and took him to the station-house—I went down, and found twenty-five feet of leaden pipe, together with a hammer and a knife—it appeared to have been recently hammered and cut—there appears to have a pipe to run along the bottom of the area—this pipe corresponded exactly with the piece that remained—when they were at the station-house nothing passed between them that I heard—a knife and two keys were found on Connor.





DAVID SHEEN
 (police-constable C 101.) Connor was given into my custody—I saw Hayes come out of the area.





MARK MERRITT
 (police-constable C 184.) I assisted in taking the prisoner to the station-house, In going along, I heard Hayes say to Connor, "You are a b----y fool, it was your fault' you ought to have gone away; this has put the stopper upon us altogether"—Connor said something to that, which I could not near, and he afterwards denied all acquaintance with him.


Hayes. He misunderstood me, I said it served me right for going over there to case myself—If I had remained in the street, they could not have hurt me. Witness. I went down the area, there was the appearance of it.





HENRY HARRISON
. I am secretary to the Duke of St. Alban's—he has the house in Question in Piccadilly.





JOHN MERRY
 (police-constable C 97.) I sleep in the Duke's house—the lead was all safe at six o'clock on Tuesday morning, when I left it.

Hayes's Defence. I was coming from New-road, Chelsea A friend promised to get me work; I had some beer with him, and was coming home; I went over to case myself; I had not been there six or seven minutes; when I came up again I stumbled over this lead, and my hat fell off—I came up.

Connor's Defence. I was standing there, as I saw a cab-horse which was kicking—the policeman came and asked if there was any body down the area—I said, "Not that I know of."

JURY
to
JOHN ROFE. Q. How long was it before you went down into the area?. A. About ten mintues, but I placed a man to see that no one came up—it was not left three minutes.

HAYES—


GUILTY
. Aged—


Transported for Seven Years.

CONNOR—


NOT GUILTY
.
