





412. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     GRANTHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of December
, 5 quarts of wine, value 4s.; 5 bottles, value 1s.; 1 spoon, value 1s.; 2 yards of flannel, value 2s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.; 1 towel, value 6d., and 1 sugar-basin, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George Landgridge 
                           Williams
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  LANGRIDGE WILLIAMS
               



            . I live in Church cottage, New-road


. The prisoner was my servant
 - she came on the 15th of October, and lived with us two months - we missed a great number of articles, and gave her notice to quit the night previous to her going away; I said,"We must search her boxes," and on the next day I wentdown to the cellar, and found a hogshead of Madeira wine, which stood outside my cellar door (as there was not room for it in the cellar), had been tapped; there was some wine spilled on the pavement, and I discovered a large peg put in; this was at half-past ten o'clock at night - I called the prisoner, and asked if she knew who did it: she said Yes, a man who had been working in the house, named 
               
                  James 
                  Sheen
               



             (see Fourth Day), and he had drank it by the quart, but she had none of it - I desired to see her box, and told her to go about her business; she took several things of mine out of her box - I then went to the station-house, to get a warrant to take Sheen; they advised me to go back and search her box again - the officer and I went back, and took the prisoner; we found a spoon and some children's things, a basin full of sugar, and some wine - I had the hogshead of wine guaged, and there were from ten to twelve gallons missing.


                  THOMAS 
                  ARNOLD
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I went with the prosecutor, and found in the box this silver teaspoon, this length of flannel, some tea, and some other things - in her band-box, I found a key, which opens Mr. Williams' recess, and the drawers where the linen was kept - I found five bottles of wine under her bed.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I know nothing of the wine.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
