





874. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL JAMES 
                     HODGSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of April
, 3 yards of silk, value 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Gardner
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .


                  SUSAN 
                  GARDNER
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Gardner. I keep a haberdasher's shop
 in Norton-falgate


 - the prisoner was in my service about five weeks - on the 15th of April I desired to see his box, with an officer - I thought I saw him take something up with his coat - I took the coat, and found this paper with this silk folded in it - I said,"This is my silk" - the prisoner said, "That silk I bought and paid for, and I can show you an invoice of it" - he then paused some minutes, and said, "Can you swear to that silk?" - I said, "I can - there are about three yards of it - here is a notch which corresponds with the roll of silk that was in the shop" - I went into the shop, and compared the silk, and it matched exactly - the prisoner then said, "If you will walk up stairs, I will explain it to you"- he then said, "I have cut the silk off" - he went on his knees and begged me to forgive him - I said, "No; you thought very little of robbing me, but for the protection of my own property I must give you into custody" - he had no right to cut that silk.
Cross-examined by MR. STAMMERS. Q. How long have you been in the retail trade? A. About seventeen years -if a shopman wishes to purchase any thing, the custom is for him to apply to another person in the shop, and have it cut off, and then bring it to his employer to have it entered in a book - it is not the custom for a shopman to take goods for his own use, and to enter it in the evening - the prisoner never mentioned to me that he wanted a piece of silk of this kind - he says he named it to some of my young people - I received information of this from my boy, and sent for the officer - the prisoner looked into his pocket-book for the invoice of this, but did not find it, and when he went up stairs he said he cut it off the roll.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ALEFOUNDER
               



            . I am shop-boy to the prosecutor. I was there that morning - I saw the prisoner come to the top of the shop, and take a yard measure down - he went to the bottom of the shop, put his hand under the wrapper, took down a piece of silk and put it on the counter - he put the yard measure to the silk, and took the scissors out of his pocket and cut the silk off - he put it into his pocket, rolled the roll up, and put it into its place.
Cross-examined. Q. Where were you? A. At the door, cleaning the window - there was no one in the shop - he did not conceal this - there was a pile of boxes before him - he did not cut off a random piece - he measured it with the stick - I do not think there was a carpenter at work.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BEAVIS
               



            . I was sent for to take the prisoner- the silk was found in my presence.
Prisoner's Defence. I deny any felonious intention of appropriating it to my own use - it is the custom of our trade for a shopman to have any goods he may want - it is immaterial whether it is measured by yourself or any one else - I can bring two witnesses who will swear that I showed them a piece of silk on the Thursday before, and on the Monday I ascertained what quantity I wanted - the value of a young man depends on his knowing his business, with regard to leaving such a length of silk as may be of benefit to his employer - I said to one of my witnesses that if I cut three yards off one of the pieces, it would be an injury, as it would leave but eleven yards, which would be an unsaleable length - it is not likely if I had wished to appropriate this to my own use that I should take the measure and cut it off - the carpenter stood close to me when I cut it off, but I have not been able to procure him - he said to me, "Shall I remove, Sir, am I in your way?" - I said"No, not at all" - there were boards on the counter, but they did not conceal me at all - this boy has had an animosity against me for a fortnight before - he cannot deny that on the Wednesday or Thursday before, he was very saucy, and I told him I would box his ears - he continued his impertinence, and I took hold of his ears, but did not hurt him - his father came there that day - I told him, and he desired me to correct him at any time - on the morning this happened, he was very sancy, while he was on the steps - I was obliged to tell him to do the windows over again - he said Mr. Withers, who was my predecessor, never told him to do it, and he would not - I said he was very saucy, and if it were not that I should have to pay for the glass, I would knock him off the steps; and when I went to breakfast he said I had been cutting off silk, and not entered it- it is only spite and malice that has induced this charge by him - all that I have had has been entered, both cash and goods.


                  MARGARET 
                  GLYNN
               



            . I am Mrs. Gardner's niece; I help her in her shop. On the 8th of April the prisoner had some stockings and some ribbon for his own use, at a low price, and Mrs. Gardner entered them in the book - I think it was about the same time the prisoner told me he wanted a piece of silk for some bonnets - I told him it would take three yards to make two bonnets, which I understood he wanted - he brought two pieces to me, and said one was fourteen yards long, and he asked if I thought two yards would do for the bonnets, as it would leave twelve yards, which would make a dress - I told him I thought it would require three yards - he said he thought he should have it, but he did not say what quantity - I never entered things- I never knew any one to have things when Mrs. Gardner was not there.
COURT. Q. Did he tell you he had cut off three yards? A. No. He never desired me to enter it to him.


                  MARY 
                  ANN PRIESTLY
               



            . I am apprentice to Mrs. Gardner. I was standing by the last witnesses when the prisoner asked her what quantity it would take to make two bonnets - she said "Three yards;" and I said so too.
MRS. GARDNER re-examined. I searched the prisoner's box, about half-past eight o'clock that morning - when I heard of this, I called the boy up - the prisoner asked him how he dared to say such a thing; and put himself in a great passion - I said, "Do not put yourself in a passion; you have no objection to my searching your box?" - he said,"No, nor my person either" - I then sent for the officer.(
               
                  Field 
                  Wade
               



            , painter, and 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Charles Jefferys
               



            , gave the prisoner a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
