






2196. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     PRESSER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, 1 pillow and case, value 3s.; 1 sheet, value 2s., and 1 flat-iron, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Reily
                  




               
            .
ELIZABETH REILY. I live in Little Windmill-street, St. James'


; I am a widow
. The prisoners took a furnished room of me as man and wife - they slept there that night, and the following; and when they came the third night I got an officer, who took them, and we missed the articles, which had been in the room when they took it.


                  DANIEL 
                  CHAPMAN
               



             (Police-constable C 38). I received the two prisoners; I asked if they had pawned the property, and if they had got the duplicates, to give them up: Presser put her hand into her bosom, pulled out the duplicates, and gave them to me.


                  GEORGE 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a sheet, which I took in of a female on the 7th of September, in the name of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Evans
               



            , No. 3, Windmill-street - I do not remember whether it was the prisoner; one of the duplicates was the one given.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HOSLOCK
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a pillow-case, pawned on the 8th of September, in the name of Ann Evans, No. 7, Earl-street; this is the duplicate I gave.
Evans' Defence. I knew nothing about them till I came home at night, and then I said they should be fetched out directly.
Presser. I pawned them, but intended to get them out that evening, but it was too late.(Property produced and sworn to.)
EVANS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.
PRESSER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
