



2951. 




RALPH SIMMONDS
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Andrew Schwar, on the 
28th of September, at 
St. Mary's, Newington, and stealing therein 7 clocks, value 7l., his property, and that be had been previously convicted of felony.






ANDREW SCHWAR
. I am a clock-maker, and live in East-lane, Walworth. On Saturday, the 28th of September, I left my house at half-past nine o'clock in the morning, leaving a lodger there—I locked the shop-door when I went out, and put the key in my pocket—the street-door was on the latch, but they could not get at my shop without forcing the door open—I left some clocks there—I came home about seven o'clock in the evening, and found the shop-door open, and missed seven Dutch wooden clocks, with brass wheels—on the Monday after, I received a letter, in consequence of which I went to Penton-street, Clerkenwell, and got a parcel containing four of the clocks—a policeman produced some keys, one of which opened my lock.





ROBERT THORNDELL
. I am shopman to Mr. Jones, a pawnbroker, in St. George's Circus. On the 28th of September, the prisoner pawned a clock at our shop in the afternoon—I cannot exactly say the time.





WILLIAM EDWARD VINSON
. I am shopman to Mr. Pollard, a pawnbroker, in Lambeth Walk. On the afternoon of the 28th of September, the prisoner pawned this clock with MR.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? A. Not to my knowledge—I have known him five or six months.





ANDREW SCHWAR

re-examined. These are two of my clocks—they cost me a sovereign each.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know them? A. They have my brother's name on them behind—I told the policeman of it before I saw it—it is the same kind of clock as those I lost—the name is written in German, "Matthew Schwar"—I have had about three hundred clocks from my brother of different sizes—they are nearly all sold—they are not all marked with the same name—about thirty were marked that way—I have some more of the same size as these—I have sold some—I know these are not what I sold, because I can find all the clocks I sold—I have not been round to all the people who bought them—I have sold about twenty of this sort—I only know them by the name—all the seven I missed were

not the same as these—four were of this size—they were not all of the same name—I carry on business under the name of Andrew Schwar and Co., but I have no partner—Mr. Rompach lives in the same house with me, and deals in clocks—his name is over my door—we are toot partners—we buy a lot of clocks together and sell titers, and divide the money for them.

COURT. Q. Did these clocks belong partly to you and partly to him? A. No, they all belonged to me—he had sold all his clocks—I let him sell for me in my name, but he has no interest in my business—if he wants a clock he has it of me at the wholesale price.





BARTHOLOMEW HERRING
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody on another charge on the 5th of October—I found four hall-door keys on him, one of which fitted the prosecutor's shop-door, as well as if it was made for it.

Cross-examined. Q. Are these common keys? A. Yes, not skeleton—the prosecutor's shop is in the parish of St. Mary, Newington—a cardcase was given to me by Freaker, who is not here, containing three duplicates of clocks, and these two among them—the case was produced in the pretence of the prisoner, who denied it being his.





GEORGE SMITH
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—I saw him tried at the Newington Sessions last May, for stealing a violin—he was convicted.




GUILTY
.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.
