





575. 
               
                  ESAU 
                  HEMENS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of March
, 9 lbs. of nails, value 3s. 6d.; 3 choppers, value 5s.; 6 pokers, value 3s.; and 7 pair of tongs, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Cureton
                     




                  , his master
            .
EDWARD CURETON. I am a wholesale ironmonger
, living at No. 49, Bread-street


. The prisoner was my porter
. On the 6th of March, a little before one o'clock, he took a candle, and went down into the nail cellar - he very soon came out, and went out to go to his dinner - observing his pocket stick out, I went after him, and desired him to come back - I met an officer, and we all went into a smith's shop, in Westbury-street - I found two papers of nails on him - I afterwards went to his lodging, and found six pictures, seven pair of tongs, three cleavers, and a great many nails and screws - I know them to be mine by the mark on them - he lodged at the corner of Lawrence-lane- he was allowed to lodge there rent free, on my recommendation - (articles produced) - the papers have my mark on them, made by my young man; and many of the articles at his lodging had my mark on them - the greater part of them are marked.
Cross-examined by 
               MR. STAMMERS
            . Q. Is your young man in your employ now? A. Yes; some of the things found at his lodging have my mark - there were other goods with them which did not belong to me- he has not been in the habit of purchasing ironmongery on his own account, not to my knowledge - if I had known it, I certainly should not have kept him - he lodged in an empty house - I found the goods in a closet, between the room he sat in, and the kitchen.


                  THOMAS 
                  COSTER
               



            . I am a police officer. I took charge of the prisoner; in company with Cureton - I saw the two packets of nails taken from the prisoner - I saw these three hatchets and other things found at his lodging.(
               
                  William 
                  Higgs
               



             and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Mann
               



             gave the prisoner a good character.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
