



1548. 




JOHN SIMMONDS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of June, 1 watch, value 2l.; I seal, value 9s.; 1 watch-key, value 6d.; and 1 watch ribbon, value 6d.; the goods of 



Lawrence Wincop, from his person.







LAWRENCE WINCOP
. On the 15th of June, I was going by a stage-coach from the Bull Inn, Aldgate—when I got to the Bull a coach drew out of the yard—I was looking at it to see if it was the coach I was going by, and while so doing, somebody snatched my watch and ran away with is—I set up a cry of "Stop thief." and he was secured directly—this is the watch—the prisoner is the person.

Prisoner. Q. Where was your watch? A. In my waistcoat—I caught the Prisoner myself, and desired him to give me the watch, and he did so.





DAVID BARTON
. I was working for Mr. Alderman Johnson. I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner running—I followed him down Black-horse-yard, into Petticoat-lane—when I got up with him he was in the hands of Charles Ross—the prosecutor camp up to him and said, "Give me my watch, give me my watch"—he took the watch out of his pocket and gave it to the prosecutor.





CHARLES ROSS
. I heard the cry of "Stop thief," and followed the prisoner—I overtook him, and collared him—he struck me—he was secured and brought back.

Prisoner. Q. Did not I drop a handkerchief? A. Yes; you did drop an old handkerchief, as a kind of blind that I should not run after you.





JOHN OAKLEY
. I joined in the pursuit—the watch was produced by the prisoner, and given to the prosecutor.

Prisoner's Defence. I was standing by the Bull Inn, waiting to see the coach go off—I stooped down and saw a watch lying at my feet—I picked it up, and was going away with it—I had not get far before I heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I did not know they were hallooing after me—the gentleman caught hold of me—I asked him what he wanted—I stopped till the prosecutor came up, and he asked if I had a watch—I said, "Yes, does it belong to you?" and gave it to him.




GUILTY
.† Aged 24.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
