





1872. 
               
                  
                     MATILDA 
                     BRITTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
, 1 shawl, value 8s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Coward
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .


                  SARAH 
                  COWARD
               



            . I am single
. I was in Walworth


 on the 21st of July, and the prisoner took my shawl off my arm, between one and two o'clock - I knew her before, but she was out of my sight immediately.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BIRDSEYE REEVE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. - On the 21st of August this shawl and collar were pawned with me, by a woman, in the name of 
               
                  Martha 
                  Foggat
               



             - I cannot swear to the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  ASHTON
               



            . On the 4th of September I was called by the prosecutrix to take the prisoner, as she was going to Camberwell fair - I said to the prisoner, "How came you to steal the shawl?" she made no reply - I said,"What have you done with it?" she said she had pawned it in Tottenham-court-road, at the second shop on the left hand.
Prisoner. She lent me the shawl to put on my neck.
SARAH COWARD. No, she asked me, and I refused - she then snatched it off my arm, and ran away; I heard no more of her for a fortnight.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in her company an hour; and if it was not for such infamous characters as her, there would not be so many poor wretches here - she keeps a bad house in the Almonry, Westminster, and deludes young girls in; I lived there three weeks.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
