





351. 
               
                  ISABELLA 
                  LAWSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of December
, 5 spoons, value 3l. 7s., and 2 silver forks, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Christopher 
                  Davison
               




            , her master.
CHRISTOPHER DAVISON. I am a merchant
, and live in Philpot-lane


. The prisoner was in my service for about six weeks - her sister was in my service, and I took her for a short period, till I could suit myself: she left, and took these spoons without giving any notice - she had access to the spoons; her sister left ten days after her - there were two table, one dessert, and one tea-spoon, and two dinner forks: they were worth about 4l. 10s.
WILLIAM PEARCE. I am apprentice to a pawnbroker, who lives in Houndsditch. I have two table, a tea and dessert spoon, and a silver dessert fork, all pawned at once on the evening of the 17th of December, in the name of 
               
                  Jane 
                  Lawrence
               



            , Swan-street, for two guineas - I do not recollect the person; the prosecutor saw and claimed them.
JAMES FOGG. I am a surveyor of the Thames-police. I apprehended the prisoner on the 6th of January, and asked if she had lived with Mr. Davison in Philpot-lane; she said Yes - I then asked what she had done with the plate she took from there; she said voluntarily that she had pawned it: I said, "Where is the duplicate?" she said she had it in her pocket - I searched and found several. and said, "I don't find it here;" she said, "Oh, I forgot, I tore it up last night" - I said, "Where have you pawned them?" she said, "In Houndsditch," took me to the shop, and said she should not have taken them, but she had been drinking.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
