





Before Mr. Justice Alderson.
370. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BATES, alias 
HABBACK





               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Dowden
                        




                     
                  , on the 28th of November
, and stealing 3 live tame geese, price 12s., and 4 live tame fowls, price 12s., his property; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .
EDWARD DOWDEN. I live at Hanwell


. On the 28th of November I locked the house up about six o'clock - I locked my cellar door at six; my fowls and all were safe then - the cellar is under the house - I cannot go from the inside of the house into the cellar; I went to bed about eight, and between eleven and twelve o'clock I heard a noise in the cellar - I got up, went out of doors, and saw the three geese laying dead; they had been in the cellar - a man stood by the side of the verandah - I made a blow at him, and he ran away; I called for my gun, and the prisoner came out at the cellar door; I struck at him with a stick, and saw his face - he was dressed in a smock-frock; he had no hat on; he called for mercy: my wife checked my arm, and he went away; having no shoes on, I did not go after him - I struck him a heavy blow on the head; he was taken next day, and I went down to the office, but he had been liberated; I saw him near a month afterwards, and am positive he is the man - I saw a mark on his head then.


                  HARRIET 
                  DOWDEN
               



            . I got up with my husband, and saw the man come out of the cellar door, and saw my husband hit him - he begged for mercy; I went out, caught hold of my husband's arm, and begged him not to hit him any more - the prisoner was the man, I am sure.


                  THOMAS 
                  POYNTON
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 29th of November I met the prisoner coming down Jackass-lane, in a direction from the prosecutor's house, about one o'clock in the morning; his head was bleeding - he appeared to have recently had a severe blow on the head; he said he had been to Uxbridge, drinking with some friends, that he had fallen out of a cart, and lost his hat; his clothes were not dirty - he had no hat on; I took him into custody; he had his smock-frock wrapped about his head - he was about a mile and a half from Mr. Dowden's.



                  FRANCIS 
                  MALLALIEU
               



            . I am an inspector of the Police. produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction of felony, in Surrey (read) - I know him; I was present at the trial - he is the person; I apprehended him on the charge.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been to Uxbridge to look for a job, at Fowler's barge: another man got the job - I fell in with two or three coalheavers, and got a little too much to drink: they put me into a cart, to take me home; I pitched off the cart on some gravel stones, which cut my head; I got up, and about ten minutes after I found three young chaps by me; they snatched my hat off: I put my smock-frock over my head, and walked towards home - I was tipsy - the Policemen stopped me; next morning the serjeant looked at my head, and said, "Well, it looks like a fall, there is a little gravel in it; I shall let you go."




               GUILTY (of stealing only.)
             Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
