





2156. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DERRINGTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of September
, 2 boots, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Hayhow
               




            .


                  HECTOR 
                  SEDERGREEN
               



            . I live in Johnson-street, Shadwell


, next door to the prosecutor's. On the night of the 14th of September I was taking the goods in from my master's door; I saw the prisoner take a pair of boots from Mr. Hayhow's shop - he put them under his coat, walked a little way, and then began to run; I followed him, and he was taken on the middle of the wooden bridge, which is twenty or thirty yards off - he threw the boots under the bridge; an Irishman got them out, and gave them to the shopman - I did not lose sight of the prisoner.
Prisoner. Q.You did not see me throw them away? A. No - I saw you put them under your coat; I did not say there were two of you together, and I could not say which took them - I just put my head into the prosecutor's shop, and told the shopman, but I did not lose sight of you.


                  JOHN 
                  HOBBS
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. William Hayhow; he lives in High-street, Shadwell - these boots are his. -On the evening of the 14th of September the witness called my attention to what had occurred, and I ran into the street; I saw the prisoner running, and followed him - he got to the bridge; I cried Stop thief! and two men attempted to stop him - he threw them off - as soon as I got three yards on the bridge I collared him; he said I was as wrong as ever I was right to take him, as he had done nothing - I shook him; he said, "Don't ill use me."


                  GILBERT 
                  McDONALD
               



            . I was a Police-officer. I received the prisoner and the property in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I went to my uncle's, in Poplar, and as I was coming home I passed the prosecutor's shop; I heard a cry of Stop thief! and ran amidst the crowd, the nearest way to my home; Sedergreen's mistress said he is such a confounded story-teller that his word is not to be taken.


                  GILBERT 
                  McDONALD
               



            . She told me the day before yesterday that his word was not to be taken.
COURT. Q. When did you resign? A. About three weeks or a month ago; I was not dismissed - I swear I discharged myself - I had not committed any fault; I was at Poplar station-house.


                  JOHN 
                  HOBBS
               



             re-examined. Q. Do you know any thing of Sedergreen? A. I always understood he bore a good character - his master says so.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
