



1723. 




JOHN JONES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of June, at 


Woolwich, 1 watch, value 6d.; 1 watch-key, value 2s.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d.; and 1 key, value 6d.; the goods of 



Henry Lewis Sweeting, Esquire, in the dwelling-house of 

our Lady the Queen—2nd COUNT, stating it to be in the dwelling-house of 



Sir Joseph Maclean.—3rd COUNT, stating it to be in the dwelling-house of 



Henry Lewis Sweeting.






HENRY LEWIS SWEETING, ESQ
. I am quartered at the barracks at Woolwlich, I had a watch, and key, and ribbon—I saw it last about eleven o'clock on the 28th of June—I missed it about four o'clock in the

evening of the same day—I had left it in the room of the barracks—I cannot say whether the door was locked or unlocked—it was locked when I returned, a little before four o'clock—I afterwards saw it at the house of Lewis Davis, the pawnbroker, on Friday evening, the 30th—the barracks are in the parish of Woolwich—I gave ten guineas or 11l., for my watch—they told me that it was worth about 6l., but I would not say myself that it was—this is my watch.





EDWARD DUNN
. I am a gunner and driver in the artillery, and servant to Major Sweeting. I know the prisoner to be the man that came into the quarters wight or ten days before the watch was taken—I saw him there afterwards several times about the barracks—I remember the day the watch was lost—I cannot say that I saw him about on that day.





SOPHIA ARMSTON
. I lodge in the house of Benjamin Mepham, No. 23, Rope-yard-place, Woolwich. On Thursday, the 29th of June, about eight o'clock in the evening, I was in the Prince of Wales public-house, Woolwich—the prisoner Jones came there, and gave me some drink—I went home—Jones followed after, and showed me the ticket of a watch pawned for one sovereign at Greenwich—I bought the ticket of him, and gave half a crown for it—I told Mepham to get it out—he brought it to me—this is the watch he brought to me—I took it to Mr. Davis to pawn again—I asked 30s. for it—he said the watch was stolen, and stopped me, and told me I was a prisoner; but knowing me, he allowed me to go and find the prisoner—I went and got the policeman.





BENJAMIN MEPHAM
. I am fireman at the Royal Arsenal, and live at No. 23, Rope-yard-place, Armston desired me to go with the ticket—I took it to Williams, the pawnbroker, in Trafalgar-street, and paid 1l. and 4d. for it—I gave her the same watch.





SARAH WOOD WILLIAMS
. I am the wife of Charles Williams, of Trafalgar-row, Greenwich. Benjamin Mepham came to me, and got this watch—it was brought to me, on the 28th, by a person, not the prisoner—he said he and his mate were at work, and wanted 1l. for the present emergency, and I lent it him in the name of William Wright, for James Jones—I should say, in trade, it was worth about 4l.,—it is engraved a great deal, which would take a great deal of the value off.





WILLIAM THOMAS CHITTENDEN
. I am a Woolwich constable. I took the prisoner, I said it was on suspicion of stealing a watch—he said it was his own property—I did not tell him where it was taken—Armston was with me—she asked if he had not sold her the ticket of the watch—he said he had; and on the road to the watch-house he stated to me that he had bought the ticket.

Prisoner. I purchased the ticket from a man belonging to the artillery—I do not know the person, nor yet the troop he belonged to—I sold the ticket this woman.




GUILTY. of stealing under the value of ✗5. Aged 55.—


Transported for Seven Years.
