





406. 
               
                  
                     MARTHA 
                     WARE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of December
, 2 pairs of boots, value 10s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William Henry 
                     Bloomfield
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  WHITRY
               



            . I am apprentice to Mr. William Henry Bloomfield; he lives in Pulteney-court, St. James'


, and is a shoe-maker
. On the 29th of December the prisoner came to the shop, and asked my mistress if she had any side-lace boots; she said she had only one pair, which she showed her - the prisoner said they were too small, they would fit her, but she wanted them for a lady, and they must be a large size; my mistress sent me with some others - I took them with the prisoner just round the corner; she went up stairs, at a house, as she said, to tell a person - she then came down, and said she would take two pairs; she took two pairs up, came down, and told me to wait at the door, while she went to get change - I waited about five minutes, when a person came down, and said, "What are you waiting for?" I said I was waiting for a person who had gone to get change, to pay for a pair of boots - she said she had seen the prisoner there, who had inquired for a person, whom she never saw in her life; I was to have had the money or the boots back, but not to leave them without the money - the person who came down, told me I had better run to the pawnbroker's shops: I went to my master, who sent me and my mistress out; I went to Mr. Harrison's, and found one pair pawned there.


                  GEORGE 
                  FARMER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Harrison, a pawnbroker. I have a pair of boots, pawned by the prisoner, for 2s., on the 29th of December, about nine o'clock in the evening.

JOHN BALDWIN (Police-constable C 103.) I went to a pawnbroker's shop, and found the prisoner there, and this pair of boots, which she had offered; I asked what she had done with the money she had received for the other pair - she gave me this 2s.


                  ROBERT 
                  WHITBY
               



            . These are my master's boots - I did not intend to let the prisoner have them - they were to be shown to another person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
