



1220. 




RICHARD REEVES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of April, 2 carriage glasses, value 12s., the goods of 



William Jordan.






GEORGE JORDAN
. I am employed by my brother, William Jordan, of Red Lion-yard, King-street, Bloomsbury. These glasses are my brother's—he bad a landau standing in the mews on the 9th of April—I had been driving it, and about eleven o'clock the next morning, Tuesday, I missed the two glasses—these are them—(looking at them.)





GEORGE HOBBY
 (police-constable E 129.) On the Tuesday morning in question, about half-past five o'clock, I was in Southampton-street, Holborn, and saw the prisoner with these two glasses—I followed him into Newton-street, Holborn, and asked him where he was going with these glasses—he said, "Home"—I said, "What are you going to do with them?"—he said, "To alter them"—I said, "Where did you bring them from?"—he said, "From Mr. Bardell's, in Rathbone-place"—I then took him.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Are you sure he did not say he was to take them to Mr. Bardell's? A. No—I am positive he said he brought them from him—I went before the Justice about eleven o'clock the same morning.
(MR. DOANE
stated the prisoner's defence was, that being out early, a person who met him gave him these glasses to repair, and they were to be sent to Mr. Bardell's, in Rathbone-place, by eight or nine o'clock that morning;


that part of the lace handles were in a stale of dilapidation, and that an advertisement had been inserted in a newspaper, in consequence of which a witness had come forward.)





JOHN JONES
. I live at No. 10, Little Wild-street, Lincoln's-inn—I am a surgeon. On the 5th of May I saw an advertisement in the newspaper—I cut it out—this is it—(looking at it)—on the 10th of April, at half-past five o'clock in the morning, I came from Gray's Inn-lane, when I was called to a gentleman who is now dying—I taw the prisoner part with another man between King-street and Southampton-street—seeing some strings dangling by his side I cast my eye round, and saw they were coach-glasses that he had—I beard the other say; "Mind and have them ready"—I turned and saw them part—I then felt it my duty when I saw the advertisement to address this letter—(looking at one)—to "Mr. R.," King-street—I know nothing of the parties.

COURT. Q. Where was the gentleman you had been to, living? A. At No. 6, George-street, Gray's Inn-road—his name is Curran—he is a bricklayer—I had attended him three or four days previous and since then—he is now dying—he is consumptive—I have been living in Little Wild-street nine months—I came from Glamorganshire—I last saw Mr. Curran three or four days ago—he has been given over—his wife told me she thought if he were to go to Ireland, it might be of service to him—I took the hint, and did not go again—I do not know how they came to send to Little Wild-street, to me—I am sent to by persons farther than that—I believe I was recommended—I am now attending a lady in Clement's-lane, Strand, and a Mr. Johnson—I do not keep a shop—I am in apartment, and have a private connexion—I kept a shop, but it did not answer—I very rarely pass a day without seeing most of the newspapers.

Q. How did you happen to write a letter to this, place, when it was only a step from your door? A. I thought it was their duty to call on me, instead of my calling on them—I am an old pupil of Mr. Abernethy's, in the year 1828—I take it the date of the circumstance was the 10th of April—it was on a Tuesday morning—I have not been paid by Mr. Curran at all as yet—I have a memorandum, which I think; I can, find at home, of what he has had, and many others beside—I think I can find the days of my attendance—I frequently attend patients whom I expect to pay me immediately, and then I put it into a kind! of scrap-book—I have, pieces of paper in a book of persons who pay me oh a small scale, not entering it regularly—I passed several days after Seeing this without writing—the persons referred to live about as far from me as from here to St. Paul's.





CATHERINE CURRAN
. I live at No. 6, George-street, Battle-bridge—my husband is a bricklayer—he has been ill, and Mr. Jones, the gentleman here present, has attended him—my husband is now very ill, not able to rise—the first day Mr. Jones attended him was on the 10th of April, very early in the morning—he was sent for the night before—a friend of mine fetched him—we were recommended to him—he came that day about seven o'clock in the morning—he sometimes came about eight o'clock, and sometimes about nine o'clock, but that morning he was sent for, he came as early as seven o'clock—I know it was on the 10th, because I sent an article to the pawn-shop that morning—Mr. Jones staid that day about two hours—he was at our house from seven till nine o'clock—I paid him always when he came—I paid him in all 12s. or 13s.—he was there for

the last time last Thursday, this day-week—no other medical man attended my husband.
(Luke Gill, a stonemason, of Brownlow-street; Lewis Ashley, a coach-maker, Cheyne Mews; and Thomas Darton, a coachmaker, of Drury-lane, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
