



1110. 




CAROLINE WOODWARD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of February, three waistcoats, value 14s.; 1 table-cloth, value 7s.; three pairs of trowsers, value 10s.; three frocks, value 17s. 6d.; 1 coat, value 3s. 6d.; 1 cap, value 1s.; 2 hats, value 10s.; 1 pillow, value 3s. 6d.; 1 cloak, value 8s.; 1 petticoat, value 8s.; 1 curtain, value 3s.; 1 shawl, value 1l.; 1 table-cloth, value 5s.; and 1 jacket, value 10s.; the goods of 



James Bragg.






JAKES BRAGG
. I live in High-street, Wapping, and have a wife, who is insane—the prisoner was at my house occasionally to attend to her—she was not a regular servant, but used to come in as a friendly neighbour—I received information on the 21st of March—I had missed a variety of articles—I went round to the pawnbrokers, and found some things that I had not missed—after that, I spoke to the prisoner, she was in the house—I asked her what she had done with the money for the things she had pledged—she denied having pledged any thing—I said it was very odd, because Mrs. Bragg was making a great noise about her crape shawl—she said she supposed she had pawned it herself, and said it was great audacity to charge so respectable a person as she was—I took her into custody on the Thursday following—she said at the station-house that she would return the duplicates, and fourteen were given up—but I found a great many more on the Monday following, not having seen her from the time she had been taken before she was taken again.





JEMIMA RICHARDSON
. I am servant to Mr. Bragg. The prisoner was frequently at his house—she asked me to go and pawn things belonging to Mrs. Bragg—I gave the money to the prisoner—I did not know but what Mr. Bragg gave her leave to do it—I told Mr. Bragg of it at last.





THOMAS SIBLEY
. I am a pawnbroker, in Old Gravel-lane. I have two hats, a cloak, a frock, a jacket, one piece of linen, a coat, a waistcoat, some more linen, and several other things, pawned by Richardson, and some by two other persons, but none by the prisoner.





JEMIMA RICHARDSON
. I pawned some of these things by the prisoner's desire.





THOMAS WARD
. I live with Mr. Upsell, in Ratcliff-highway. I have a remnant of calico, and a crape shawl, pawned by Richardson.





JEMIMA RICHARDSON
. I pawned them by the desire of the prisoner and gave her the money.





WALTER GEORGE NEWSTEAD
. I am a pawnbroker, and have five parcels, containing a frock, two towels, trowsers, and other, thing-all pledged by Richardson.





SAMUEL WOOD
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner—the

first fourteen duplicates were handed to me by another officer, who had them from the prisoner.





JAKES BRAGG
. These articles are all mine but one.

Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Bragg was a bankrupt—I kept his little boy four months in my house, while the messenger was in the house—he had 5l. a week allowed him—I went in to assist in making and mending for the children—he could not afford to pay the woman her wages—he owed her three guineas and a half—he used to go oat every day, and I was empowered to do what I pleased—one day he was at home ill, there was nothing in the house—the servant offered her own gown to pawn, and on the following Saturday he gave me a sovereign to buy bread and other things—he gave me a mustard-spoon to send out, and Richardson well knows that she took the things to get money to support the house—she gave me the money to do the best I could with it for the support of Mr. Bragg and the family.





JAMES BRAGG

re-examined. I was informed by Richardson what was going on—in consequence of losses last year I became a bankrupt on the 2nd of January—the Court awarded me 5l., a week, so that I had funds to supply every thing that was wanted—she had no authority to pawn any thing—I know she pawned a salt-spoon, and after that she pawned a brooch, the tickets of which she gave me.





JEMIMA RICHARDSON

re-examined. The family were not in distress, that I saw—Mr. Bragg was in the habit of providing what was wanted—I pawned them in Mrs. Woodward's name.




GUILTY
. Aged 39.—Recommended to mercy.





Transported for Seven Years.

