



1244. 




DANIEL SIMS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
10th of february, 2 shawls, value 2s.; 5 aprons, value 1s. 6d.; 4 caps, value 2s.; 4 sight caps, value 1s.; 1 collar, value 6d.; 4 napkins, value 1s. 6d.; 2 shifts, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d; 3 waistbands, value 6d.; and 1 gown, value 2s; the goods of 



Clara Chandler.


MR. JONES
conducted the Prosecution.
CLARA CHANDLER. I lived in the service of Mr. Millidge, at Guildford. The prisoner lived servant there also—he proposed marriage to me, and I left with him on the 10th of February—before I came away I packed up my clothes, and he took them out at the back door—he said they would come by the coach to Working, and then by the railway—I came to London with him on the 10th of February—he took me to Westminster, and the next morning he went to see for my clothes—he came back, and said that they bad gone to Southampton—he then went again, and said they were lost—I was at that time in Brownlow-street, and he told me if I did not like the lodging he would get me some other—I did not give him authority to part with any of my things—I did not know he had them.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How old are you? A. I was
sixteen on the 10th of March—the prisoner induced me to leave Guildford—I resisted before I agreed to come away—I did not resist more than one day—I lived three months at Mr. Millidge's—the prisoner was there when I went—I had lived servant at Farnham before that—I had lived nurse-maid with Mr. Hooper, in London, in the same house with my sister for about four years ago—I know a person of the name of Baker—I was never in the habit of going to singing-rooms—I do not know any singing people—I never was at Drury-lane theatre—I was once at the Mogul free and easy, in Drury-lane.

MR. JONES. Q. Did the prisoner keep company with you before you came away? A. Yes—I have been to the Mogul since I have been in London—I went with a young friend, who took me to show me the place.

Prisoner, Q. When you accompanied me from Blackfriars-road, on the Monday morning, did yon not go to the Spread Eagle, to inquire for the things? A. Yes, and we did not find them—I left you, and said I was going to a friend in Brownlow-street, and I thought it was at No. 1.—you came to that place—I was not in Drury-lane, looking at a fire when you returned from Nine Elms, to tell me the luggage was not come there—I accompanied you on the Tuesday to several places—yon said you had not found my parcel, it might be at some office, or it might be gone to Southampton, and you would endeavour to go for my parcel and your own, which was of more value than mine—I did not say that I had a desire to go to any singing-room—you said you would take me there, if you could get money enough of your brother—I did not say I had a friend, a singer at the room, whom I wished to hear—I borrowed 6d. of you—you said you would pay for my carriage up—I did not say I would leave Mr. Millidge and come to London, and work at my business—you enticed me away and seduced me.

Q. Did I not say I had no money, and you said if I could get the parcel, there were a few things in it that I could get some money on, to go to the Mogul singing-room? A. I did not.


MR. JONES. Q. Did you ever know any thing about the Mogul till the prisoner mentioned it? A. No.





CHARLES LEATHART
. I am a perfumer, and live in Warwick-street, Regent-street. I went to Mr. Box, in Regent-street—I found the prisoner there, and asked if he knew a girl of the name of Clara Chandler—he said he did—I told him to give me an account of the clothes that Clara Chandler had lost, or I would give him in charge—he hesitated a bit, but at last he came with me to Marsham-street, where Clara Chandler was stopping—she was out, but was sent for, and came—the prisoner was then asked for the things—he said they had been mislaid by the coach—after some time he took me to a house near Blenheim steps—he there gave me this bag, saying it contained all her clothes—we came back to Manhao-street, and they were opened before the prosecutrix—the prisoner then polled out a duplicate of a gown, pledged for 3s.—he said it was part of her property—I went with him to a house in Titchfield-street—he west up stairs there, and fetched a shawl and some things in it—he said they belonged to the girl.

Cross-examined. Q. When you went to Mr. Box, in Regent-street, did you not ask for Daniel Sims? A. Yes, the prisoner said it was him—I said unless he gave me a satisfactory account of the girl's clothes, I would give him in custody—and I believe I said I would not if he did.





CLARA CHANDLER

re-examined. These are my things—I have got all I lost, except a gold brooch, a coral necklace, a China silk-handkerchief and some pocket-handkerchiefs.





WILLIAM DILLISON
 (police-constable C 67.) I received the prisoner and the things in charge.





MARY HARRISON
. I am single. I have known the prisoner five years, and lived with him as his wife for the last three years—I remember his going to the place at Guildford—he returned in February—he did not bring any thing with him then, but he afterwards brought home this gown, on the Monday or Wednesday, and said he had found it in the street—be asked me to pledge it, which I did, for 3s., and gave him the money.





BENJAMIN TITFORD
. I am a pawnbroker. I took in this gown on the 13th of February.
(Benjamin Bee, of Great Titchfield-street gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
