






1048. 
               
                  WATTS 
                  EDWARDS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of May
, 8 sixpences, the monies of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Hayward
                     




                  ; and that he had before been convicted of felony
            .
ROBERT HAYWARD. I keep an eating-house
 in Upper Park-place, Dorset-square


. On the 17th of May, I left my shop to go into the kitchen - I heard a stamp on the floor - I ran up, and the lamplighter told me something - I examined the till, and the silver was all gone - there had been from eight to ten sixpences in it - I was the last person who had been at the till before I went into the kitchen, and I had been away two or three minutes - the prisoner was pointed out to me - he had some other person with him - he had a jacket on - I went up to him, and asked him to come back with me - he asked what I wanted with him - I would not tell him - he refused to come back - I walked with him to the first policeman I saw, and gave him in charge - the other person walked away.


                  GEORGE 
                  BURL
               



            . I am a lamplighter. I was cleaning my lamps at the corner of Milton-street, and saw the prisoner walk into the prosecutor's shop - he came out, and the other man walked along with him towards Dorset-square - I thought things were not right, and I went over and stamped in the shop - the prosecutor came up, and I pointed out the prisoner - no one had been into the shop but him.
Prisoner. He cannot prove that I robbed the till - he went in himself - it is hard to say whether he did not rob it- I am quite innocent.


                  GEORGE 
                  GLADWELL
               



             (police-constable G 23). I took the prisoner, and found three sixpences on him.


                  JOHN 
                  LAPTHORNE
               



             (police-constable G 182). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office - I know he is the man. (Read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
