





1301. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of May
, 24 locks, value 50s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Harborne
                  




               
             and another.
JAMES CONNOLLY. I am a servant to John Harborne and another - they live in Ormond-street


, and are ironmongers
 and braziers
. The prisoner came to the shop on the 31st of May, and asked the price of a four gallon cast iron tea-boiler - he staid some time, and then went out without buying any thing; I missed some locks from a shelf near which I was working - he had not quitted the shop two minutes; I went and found him with two other men; he had three parcels of locks in his possession -I seized him and another, and said, "Gentlemen, have I caught you?" they struggled and got away, leaving theirhats; I pursued, and gave charge of the prisoner - these are the locks; the other man had not been in the shop.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q.Are your masters in a large way of business? A. Yes; they both serve in the shop - the prisoner was taken into the back wareroom; I returned to work - he could have taken the locks when my back was towards him, taking the steps to show him the boilers - I was not above four feet from him; there were one hundred bundles of this description - I had seen these three minutes before on a small square shelf by themselves; I know it was full as we went into the wareroom, and as soon as he was gone it was empty; there was no other person in the shop.
Prisoner's Defence. The witness came to the door with me; I went to May-fair and he came up - there were two or three men at the corner - one of them had a basket of strawberries; I know no more about them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Fifth Middlesex Jury - Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
