



2363. 




THOMAS MOORE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
6th of October, 1 watch, value 6l. 10s.; 1 seal, value 8d.; and 2 watch-keys, nine 1s.; the goods of 



Salvador Ford, from his person.






SALVADOR FORD
. I live in Elbow-lane, Shadwell. About six o'clock, on Saturday, the 6th of October, I met some persons, and went drinking with them—after that the prisoner took me from the highway to Gallowsalley I went to a public-house with him—I had not got a penny, and I offered the landlord my watch, which was in my pocket, for 1 1/2 d.—I had another watch any waistcoat-pocket—after I drank I left the public-house, and went to a narrow place in the highway, and there the prisoner, gave me a shove in the breast, and whipped the watch out of my pocket—he ran off—I sang out, "Stop thief"—he was taken and brought back—this is my watch—(looking at it.),

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. You met the prisoner? A. Yes, in High-street, about five o'clock—we then went to the Mahogany Bar public-house, close by Wellclose-square—I had not been drinking before—that I wear positively—I had never seen the prisoner before that day—I have never said it was about one o'clock that I lost my watch—I was in the Duke of York between one and two o'clock, not with him, but with a sailor—there were two others with the prisoner when I met him, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, but I did not speak to him—there was a man with him—I saw them between one and two o'clock the second time—I did not stop at the Duke of York—I met the prisoner again, close by the same place, about one or two o'clock—he said, "Father, where is the man who was with you?" and I said, "He went this way"—he said, "Father, come on let's see if I can see him"—he said he had got dinner ready for him—I knew the other man twelve months ago—the prisoner and I went to look after the other man at the Galley Stairs—we did not find him there—we then went to the Mahogany Bar—I was quite sober then—I do not know a Person named Ware—I went to a haberdasher's shop in the neighbourhood for a front for my shirt, but I did not offer to leave my watch there for that—I did offer to leave it, but Mrs. Pite refused to take it—she said she knew the Prisoner—he said, "Come on, father"—he did not say he would not have the watch—I did not offer it to him—Mrs. Pite told me to give it to the prisoner, and I said, "Yes"—the prisoner did not say, "I won't have it"—perhaps he did say something of that sort—I was standing by

him all the time—I did mean to go to Ireland to be off the prosecution—I said, if they gave me the value of the watch I would not appear.





ROBERT CAMPPEN
 (police-constable H 137.) I heard the cry of "Stop thief" about a quarter to six o'clock that evening—I saw a person running, who I believe was the prisoner—I overtook him—he was very much excited—he threw off his shoe in Wellclose-square, and then I took him—he swore by his God he would not go without his shoe—he was very violent, and I called a fireman to help me—the prisoner had run by Mr. Levy's.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you first see him running? A. In the New-road—I lost sight of him going round Neptune-street.





HARRIET GOLDING
. I live at Shadwell—I was at Mr. Levy'house, near Wellclose-square—I went into the area, and picked up a watch—my master gave it to the officer—this is it (looking at it.)




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Years.
