





Before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
1357. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ATKINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of May
, 2 silver spoons, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Spratt
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SPRATT
               



            . I keep the Royal Hospital public-house, Chelsea




 - the prisoner had been six months in my employ. On the 12th of May we had a large parish dinner, and we missed a spoon; the prisoner continued with us till the 19th, when we missed another - I then found him intoxicated, and got the Policeman.


                  ROBERT 
                  CHANOR
               



            . I am a labourer. I have known the prisoner about three months - he came to me, and asked if I was going to town to buy my things, which I sell - I said I was; he said he had a piece of a silver spoon, if I would sell it for him he would give me 6d., and stand something to drink - I took it to Knightsbridge, and sold it for 6s. - I met him coming down Royal Hospital-row as I went back; he asked if I had sold it - I said I had: I gave him the money - he gave me 6d., and called for a quartern of gin and peppermint - he said they had had a large dinner, and the spoon got broken; he came to my house three weeks after, before I was up, and left word for me to call on him, which I did - he gave me another piece of spoon; I thought it was stolen, and threw it away.


                  THOMAS 
                  LINGHAM VINTON
               



            . I am a jeweller, and live in Park-side, Knightsbridge. I bought this piece of a spoon on the 16th of May, of Chanor, for 6s.


                  THOMAS 
                  BAYLEY SMITH
               



            . I took the prisoner, and received this spoon from Mr. Vinton.
MR. SPRATT. This is part of the spoon missed on the 12th - the other one has not been found.
Prisoner's Defence. Chanor persuaded me to take my master's things, and when I took one he wanted to pursuade me to take another - he wanted me to take money out of the till.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
