






164. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DORMAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PREDDY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of November
, 1 snuff-box, value 5s.; 1 pocket-book, value 1s. 6d.; 1 purse, value 6d.; 4 sovereigns; 2 half-sovereigns; 3 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph Thomas 
                           Williams
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH THOMAS WILLIAMS. I was articled to an attorney, but am out of a situation
; I have my indentures at home. On the 27th of November I was at the Hog in Armour, on Saffron-hill


, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon; I was robbed of my purse, and 5l. 3s. 6d. my snuff-box, and pocket-book, by the prisoner Dorman, while I was asleep; I had not known the prisoners till I met them at the Golden Ball, in Cow-lane, about two hours before; when they came in among others, and I offered them something to drink; after drinking sometime there, they induced me to go to the Hog in Armour; when I went there, I had between 5l. and 6l. in my right-hand trowsers pocket; I was rather drunk and fell asleep; I don't know how long I slept, but when I awoke my property was gone; I told the landlord I had been robbed, and gave Dorman into custody; I saw him searched, and four sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and 3s. 6d. were found on him; I had lost 5l. 3s. 6d., in gold, and silver; I don't know in what coin.
Dorman. When I went out, I had some money in my pocket, and this gentleman saw it. Witness. No; I did not.


                  DAVID 
                  REES
               



            . I am a shoemaker, and live in Tash-street, Grays-inn-lane. I was in the Hog in Armour,having a pint of porter; the prosecutor, the two prisoners, and a lad came in together; they sat down, and some beef-steaks were brought in - while they were being cooked, Preddy went and got a half-quartern loaf, and while he was out, Dorman put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, and took out something, but I cannot tell what - he put it into his own pocket; the steaks were then brought in, and they awoke the prosecutor to eat some, and while he was eating them, he turned out his pockets and missed his money - Dorman said, while he was asleep, that he was an acquaintance of his - "In fact," says he, "he is a relation; he was an attorney's-clerk, but has lost a good situation in consequence of being intoxicated, but he knows I can get him back again" - he said, "I went to his master, and he gave me 5s. to give him" - when the prosecutor missed his money, he went to the bar, and there was a bit of a row about his losing his money, and a boy was taken into custody - I said to Dorman, "What a rascal you must be to have that boy taken;" - I then said, "That is the man you ought to take" - it was a long while before he would give him into custody.
Dorman. Q. Why did not you speak when I had my hand in his pocket? Witness. You said you was his friend.


                  JOHN 
                  MARSHALL
               



            . I was in the Hog in Armour, and saw these persons; the prosecutor appeared to be dozing, and Dorman put his hand into his pocket, and took it out closed - I could not see what was in it.


                  HUGH 
                  WILSON
               



            . I work for Dorman. He went to the Golden Ball, and fell in with the prosecutor - he drank for an hour, and then he persuaded him to go to the Hog in Armour - I was sitting next to the prosecutor, and Dorman put his hand into his pocket, and drew it out under the table, and put it into his own right-hand pocket - Preddy was then gone for bread; when he returned, he pulled me out of my sitting, and sat down there, and I saw him take the pocket-book out of the prosecutor's pocket, and some papers likewise - I was accused of being the thief, but I had nothing to do with it - when Preddy drew the papers out of the prosecutor's pocket, Dorman said, "Put them back again" - when the prosecutor missed his money, he looked very hard at me, and I was taken into custody - when Dorman came out, I said, "You are found out" - he offered me the purse, but I would not take it - Preddy put the pocketbook some where about his breast, but it has not been found.


                  REUBEN 
                  BENDLE
               



             (police-constable G 75). I searched the prisoner. I found four sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, and 3s. 6d. on Dorman; and this purse was close by where he stood - I asked him what money he had, and he said 2l. 17s. - I pulled it out, and said, "You have made a great mistake."


                  JAMES 
                  MIMMS
               



             (police-constable G 48). I assisted in taking the prisoners.
Dorman's Defence (written). On Friday, the 22nd instant, I left home with 6l. 4s. 6d. in my pocket, and met the prosecutor and some prostitutes at the Golden Ball, Cow-cross or lane. We all drank freely there, and continued drinking together at different houses all day; at length we came to the Hog in Armour, Saffron-hill, all drunk. The prosecutor had been exposing his box all day, and the prisoner fell asleep. The prosecutor was boasting how many men he had sent out of the country, when David Reece said, "We'll, send him out of the country;" and the prisoner was given in charge. The prosecutor said he would not charge the prisoner; he appeared an honest man. The girls of the town were with them all day. The purse was picked up in the street by the boy, and taken into the house. David Rees and the hackney-coachman offered to the prisoner's wife, in the presence of Mr. Parkinson, a baker, if they were paid 5s. a-piece for their time, they would get out of the way; and asked her to keep the boy back.


                  John 
                  Perkins
               



            , 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Hythe
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Turner
               



             gave Dorman a good character.
DORMAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.
PREDDY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
