



900. 




THOMAS CHARLES LAMB
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
10th of March, 5 razors, value 15s. the goods of 



John Verry.


MR. CRESSWELL
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN VERRY
. I am a hair-dresser, and live in seething-lane. Tower-street, I know the prisoner and his father—on the 10th of March the prisoner came to my shop, accompanied by a young man—the prisoner called me out, and said, "I want three pairs of razors, two pairs to send to my grandfather, at Colchester; and one pair for my father"—I went and got eleven pairs, which I delivered to the Prisoner. with a bill of parcels, in his father's name—I sent a boy with the prisoner, and when he came back,

in consequence of what he said, I made enquiry. and found the razors in pawn.

Prisoner. I did not ask him for them in my father's name, Witness. I would not swear whether he did, but I said, "I will send a boy with you," and he said, "It is of no use, father won't be at home for half an hour."

MR. CRESWELL. Q. Did he say the razors were for himself, or his father? A. He said two pair for his grandfather, at Colchester, and one for his father—he said, "Father said he might as well give you a tura"—I said "Very well. I go and get them"—I should not have given the prisoner credit.





FRANCIS SOMES
. I live in Brick-lane and am a pawnbroker. I took in these four razors of the prisoner on the 10th of March, in the name of John Williams—this is the duplicate which my young man gave him.





SEARLE WHITLOW
. I am assistant to a pawnbroker, in Hereford-place, Commercial-road. The prisoner pawned two razors and two cases with me on the 10th of March—this is the duplicate I gave him.





JAMES MARTIN
 (city police-constable No. 94) The prisoner was given into my custody—I searched him and found on him the duplicates which the pawnbrokers have identified.





JOHN VERRY
. These are part of the razors he had of me.

Prisoner. I went for the razors, but deny having asked for them in my father's name.





ARTHUR LAMB
. I am the prisoner's father—I am a smith and bellhanger, and live at No. 19. Houndsditch. I did not send my son to Mr. Verry for any razors on the 10th of March—I had not seen him for a fortnight before—he is an apprentice to Mr. Clive, a printer. on Bread-street-hill.




GUILTY
. Aged 20—


Transported for Seven Years.
