





1416. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     BELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of July
, 1 crown, 4 half-crowns, 4 shillings, and 2 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  George 
                  Miller
               




            .


                  GEORGE 
                  MILLER
               



            . I keep a chandler's-shop
 in Eagle-street, Red Lion-square


. On the 7th of July I was engaged in my parlour, sorting paper, and heard a noise in the shop - I turned round, and saw the prisoner, who was a stranger, coming from behind my counter; he was just turning the corner of the counter - I went and looked at him; he said, "D-n me, give me half a pint of beer" - I saw my till open, ran towards it, and exclaimed, "You have robbed me" - I laid hold of him; I had seen this money safe five or six minutes before: I sent for a Policeman, and told him what I had lost - he refused to be searched; he was afterwards searched in the watch-house, and a crown-piece, half a crown, a shilling, a sixpence, and some halfpence were found on him; I then ran across, went to my till, and missed those kinds of coins, and a good deal of copper - there were two sixpences in the till, which I could identify; the serjeant showed me a bent one, which I knew had been in the till - I do not know what became of the other sixpence.
Prisoner. Q.Did you not at the office say you had paid away either the crooked or bent sixpence? A. I said I lent a person 3s., and might have given him the crooked sixpence, but was certain it was not the bent one; the prisoner resisted a good deal - he said, "Let me go - you have nothing to do with me; you are not robbed."


                  PATRICK 
                  MYERS
               



            . I am a Police-constable, and received him in charge; I asked him to allow me to search him - he said he would not let me, and resisted; we had a tussle, and his hat fell off - I got him to the watch-house; he was searched, and a crown, five half-crowns, four shillings, and a crooked sixpence found on him, and 2s. 5d. in copper; Miller said he had lost such money, and to the best of his knowledge about that amount.
Prisoner's Defence. I got 25s. 6d. from my wife that morning, to buy a bed; I went into this man's shop for a halfpenny worth of table-beer - I knocked, and called out "Shop;" he came and ran round the counter - as he was going to draw the beer, he came and took hold of me- I walked with the officer without resistance; I am innocent of taking his money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            

