





495. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     WILLIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of December
. 18 yards of ribbon, value 4s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Davies
                  




               
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  DAVIES
               



            . I am an assistant to my brother, William Davies; he is a haberdasher
, and lives at Nos. 66 and 67, Chiswell-street


. On the 23rd of December, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I was behind the counter; the prisoner came in, and asked for some ribbon which she had left a little while before - she asked for some flowers, bought one, and paid for it; I saw her take this piece of ribbon out of the drawer, put it on the counter, and cover it with her pocket - handkerchief, and while I put away the ribbon drawer she put the ribbon into the handkerchief, and put it into her bosom; I gave her a bill for what she had bought, which came to 11 1/2d. - she gave me a shilling, and I went to get a farthing; I told Mr. Butt what I had seen - he came up and said,"What have you got in your pocket-handkerchief?" she said, "This is what I have got." and she took it out of her handkerchief - this is the ribbon.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me put it into my bosom? A. You put it up to your bosom.


                  JOHN 
                  BUTT
               



            . I was told what she had done; I went,and asked what she had got - she took this from her bosom, and said it was her own property; but it is Mr. Davies'.
JOHN BROWN. I am an officer . I took the prisoner and this ribbon .
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that she had bought the ribbon in question at the prosecutor's shop on the 19th of December , and on the day in question had taken it back to get it' changed , when she was charged with stealing it. She called three witnesses to her character, all of whom denied any knowledge of her having been in custody before .
MR. WONTNER. The prisoner was committed here for felony, but was discharged by proclamation or found not guilty - that was three or four years ago.
Prisoner. It was for selling some things by commission, and we were acquitted ; our books proved that we had paid honourably , and we were acquitted.
JURY to 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  DAVIES
               



             . Q. Had you noticed this ribbon in the drawer when you showed her the ribbons ? A. Yes. 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 32.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
