





First London Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1021. 
               
                  
                     BRIDGET 
                     CARNEY
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for a misdemeanor
            .


                     MARY 
                     EDMONDS
                  




               
            . I am a servant out of place
. On the 14th of February I was walking along Bishopsgate-street


, and felt something touch my foot; I turned round, and the prisoner, who I never saw before, picked up ared purse; she told me to hold my tongue, and say nothing, but to go with her - she took me under a gateway, produced the purse from her bosom, pulled a ring from it, and asked me what she was to do with it; I said the best way to tell the value was to go where they sold such things; she said No, if I would give her a trifle, I might take it - I asked what I should give her; she asked what I had got - I asked if 5s. would do; she said No, not for a gold ring; I asked if 6s. would do - she said, was that all; I said it was all I bad in my pocket except a few coppers - she asked me to give her them also- I gave her 6s. 6d., and took the ring; she said it was gold; I took it home, and found it was of no value; on the 2nd of March I was accidentally in Bishopsgate-street again; she came up, and tapped me on the shoulder, told me to hold my tongue, and not say any thing; she showed me a purse - I said, "You good for nothing wretch, you are the woman that took me in before;" she insulted me with most abusive language - I went away, and in the evening I was going along she crossed the road, stood before me, and said, "Look here, what a fine purse I have found, what's in it?" I took no notice of her, but she was taken into custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOSTON
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was brought to the watch-house by a gentleman; I have the ring; I took it to a silversmith, who says it is not worth the sixteenth part of a farthing.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw her till she gave me in charge, and said I had asked her to buy a ring, which is false.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
