



336. 




JOHN BEST
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of December, 4 bushels of wheat in the chaff, value 1l., the goods of 




John Grove.






JOHN GROVE
. I am a farmer, and live in the parish of Harmondsworth. On the 9th and 10th of December, George Batchelor was threshing in my barn—there was some wheat which had been threshed, but remained on the floor with the chaff—on Monday, the 11th, Batchelor called me—I went, and looked at it, and missed some from the bulk—there were footsteps going out at the back of the barn—there were the footsteps of three different men—we traced by the wheat-droppings to within a quarter of a mile of the prisoner's house, and footsteps to within forty yards of his house—he lives at Harlington—the way they went, which was across the fields, is about a mile from my barn—I had two officers with me—we went into his house and found some wheat in chaff—there was nearly five bushels in two or three different sacks, and there was nearly a bushel and a half in the prisoner's room—he has two lodgers, and I found nearly three bushels and a half in their rooms—they were all three taken into custody and committed, but the Grand Jury have thrown out

the bill against the other two—I have no doubt the corn is mine—the prisoner is a labourer.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where did you find the corn? A. In the prisoner's house—Richard and William Oldship lodged in the house—the bill has been thrown out against them—I found the corn in two sacks, which do not belong to me—I lost all traces of the corn forty yards before I got to the prisoner's house—it was under forty yards—the foot-marks extended to within forty yards—I can swear to the wheat from its appearance—I have a sample of it here—it is high-coloured white wheat—I swear positively this is the wheat that was in my bam—I know it by the different seeds, and by the colour of it—I had seven or eight sacks of it—it is smutty—I believe it to be mine from the quality and description.





GEORGE BATCHELOR
. I threshed in the prosecutor's barn—I fastened the barn door on Saturday the 9th, and missed the wheat on Monday morning—when I went to the barn at six o'clock, I found the door had been opened, and missed about eight bushels at the least—I went to the prisoner's house afterwards, and was shown some of the wheat found there—it was master's wheat—I have no doubt of it—it tallied in all respects, in quality, smut, and weeds, with what I had cleaned.

Cross-examined. Q. How much was it cleaned? A. About half—I saw it last about five o'clock on Saturday—I saw it again on the Tuesday morning—Mr. Thompson showed it to me.





WILLIAM THOMPSON
. I am horse-patrol at Harlington. The prisoner is a labourer, and worked on the rail-road—I showed the wheat which was found in his house to Batchelor—I went with Mr. Grove and traced wheat and foot-marks to within forty yards of the prisoner's house—I went into his house and found the wheat—there was about a bushel and a peck, in a sack in the prisoner's room—I took him and two others into custody next day.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was the other found? A. In Oldship's room—Oldship owned three bushels, and the prisoner the bushel and peck.




GUILTY
. † Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.
