



1522. 




JOSEPH SMALL
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of April, 3lbs. 6oz. of cheese value 2s. 10d.;2 shillings, and 2 pence; the goods and monies of 



Robert Langdon.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution.
JAM ES GEORGE MAYOR. I am in the service of Mr. Robert; Langdon

Who keeps a cheesemonger's shop in Calthorpe-place. On the 27th of April, about ten o'clock at night, the prisoner came and order about 3lbs. Of Cheshire cheese, to go to No. 46, Regent-square, to a person of the name of Edmonds—I said was it to go to-night—he said it was to be taken up directly, as they wanted it for supper, and I was to take change of a crownpiece with it—with it—I told him we did not serve Edmonds—he said no, but they had told him to call and order the cheese as he passed by—he then left—I told my master, who cut the cheese, which came to 2s. 10d., and gave me 2s. 2d. change for the crown-piece—I went with it towards Regent-square, and had got to the corner near the church when the prisoner met me—he said, "Oh, you have got the cheese?"—I said, "Yes"—he said, "I forgot to order 6d. worth of eggs, if you will give me the change and the cheese I will pay you"—he gave me a crown-piece, and I went back for the eggs—I gave mistress the master, and he said it was a bad one—I and my master went to the house, and he was gone—I delivered the crown-piece to the constable Underwood about eleven o'clock—I gave it to my master first—when I took the crown-piece of him I believed it to be good.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRICE. Q. If you had gone to Edmond's, you probably would have left the things there? A. Yes, but I should not have left the change without the money—my master was not in the shop when the prisoner came in—I have been with my master eight months—I can tell good from bad money—I was satisfied with it—master and I went to the house to change the crown-piece, not to get back the goods—we did not change it.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Had you a discretion to serve customers without they paid you, unless you master gave you leave? A. Not without he knew them—I had no authourity to part with these goods unless I received the five-shilling piece.





ROBERT LANGDON
. I am a cheesemonger, and live in Calthorpe-place; I do not serve a family of the name of Edmonds. On the 27th of April Mayor told me of an order—I weighed as much cheese as came to 2s. 10d.—I gave it him, and 2s. 2d. in money, to take to the house and bring back a five-shilling piece—he had no authority to part with the cheese or the money, except in exchange for a crown-piece—he returned in about five minutes and gave me a five-shilling piece—I found it a counterfeit, and gave it to the officer.

COURT. Q. Of course you gave him no authority to part with it for a counterfeit 5s. My directions were, to take it to the house and there receive the 5s.

Cross-examined. Q. Your intention was to sell the goods? A. Yes; and if I received the crown I should be obliged to furnish the difference—I never expected the goods back again—he had no authority to part with the change nor the goods without payment—it was certainly and attempt to pass a bad piece of money—I saw the prisoner some time after in the custody of a policeman.





MATTHEW UNDERWOOD
 (Police-constable E 93.) I produce the crown which I received from the prosecutor.





JOHN FIELD
. I am Inspector of coin to the Mint. This crown is counterfeit in all respects.





ELIZA HILL SMITH EDMONDS
. I live at No.46, Regent-square. The name of Edmonds is on the door—on the 27th of April we wanted no cheese for supper—I did not send the prisoner for any—we did not afterwards want any eggs.


Cross-examined. Q. Were you at home? A. Yes, and my husband, and the servant—there are not two Nos. 46, that I am aware of.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years from the expiration of his former sentence.
