



686. 




ELLEN DIAMOND
 was again indicted

for stealing, on the 
19th of February, 1 spoon, value 3s.; 1 blanket, value 2s. 6d.; 3 sheets, value 6s.; 1 pillow, value 1s. 6d.; and 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; the goods of 



Sarah Fletcher.






SARAH FLETCHER
. I am a widow. These articles were mine. I lost the silver spoon and handkerchief about last August, or September, but I had not the least suspicion that it was the prisoner who took it—I missed from her room three sheets, a blanket, and pillow, but the other things were taken from another room, which she had no business to enter—it was over her apartment—I saw the silk handkerchief there, and had it in my hand.





EBENEZER HENBREY
. I am servant to Mr. Bromley, a pawnbroker, in Broadway, Blackfriars. I produce a silver tea-spoon, pledged on the 5th of August last—I cannot say whether it was by the prisoner, but she had repeatedly pledged at our house—it was pledged in the name of Sarah Dawson, which was the name she generally pledged in.





GEORGE KING
. I am servant to Mr. Gray, a pawnbroker in Fleet-street. I produce a blanket, pledged by the prisoner on the 19th of February, in the name of Ann Watson; and one sheet on the 16th, in the name of Ann Thompson—I wrote the ticket for the blanket—I am quite certain of her person, I had seen her in the shop before.





JOSEPH LLOYD
. I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner—she was taken from Shoemaker-row to the Compter—she gave me some duplicates, which I have here—here is one for a tea-spoon, pawned for 1s. 6d., in the name of Sarah Dawson, and one on the 19th of February, one blanket for 1s. 6d., at Mr. Gray's, and one shirt, for 1s. 3d., in the name of Jane Thompson, Shoe-lane.

Prisoner. She said if I would tell her where they were, she would forgive me—when I got employment I intended to redeem them.





SARAH FLETCHER

re-examined. I told her it would be better for her to tell what became of the property, but she said she knew nothing of them; but afterwards she gave the account to the officer.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
