




2160. 




CHARLES THOMPSON
 and 




JOHN SAUNDERS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
29th of August, at 
St. Giles, Camberwell, 1 watch, value 21l.; and 1 guard chain, value 1l.; the goods of 



John Macalaster Houston, in the dwelling-house of 



Richard George Fletcher.


MR. STURGEON
Conducted the Prosecution.





ANN FLETCHER
. I live at Eden House, Albany-road, Camberwell, in the parish of St. Giles, Camberwell, and am the wife of Richard George Fletcher. On Tuesday, the 29th of August, the prisoners came after my apartments—I showed them to them—they approved of them very much, and came down stairs, and said they should wish to return to measure the room for a carpet—I am sure they are the person—I showed them the back bedroom up stairs—they came down, and wished to go up again to measure the room—they both went up with me to measure the corner of the room, to see if it would take a large chest—I took hold of one end of the string, and Saunders took hold of the other end—while I was doing so, the tallest prisoner (Thomson) went out of that room into the other room, belonging to Mr. Houston, who lodged with us—they then came down stairs, and wished to see the way about down stairs—I showed them which way the garden went, and then they went out, and said they would come the next day, but they did not—I saw them again at Lambeth –street Office in custody—I saw the watch in the front room while they were talking to me—there was a silver guard-chain to it—Thompson went into the front room—I missed it directly they were gone—the guard-chain was shown to me at the office.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Which do you call the tallest man? A. The one this way (Thompson)—I fancy him to be the tallest, but that is the one I mean—the watch was there while they were talking to me, until they went up the second time—when they left the gate they ran, but I did not know any thing was wrong till I went up stairs—they said they lived in Albany-street, Regent-street, but did not say the number—I know the watch-chain—I had seen it before—I have seen my lodger wear it, and have looked at it—it is a common silver guard-chain.


Prisoner Thompson. Q. You went up stairs with us? A. Yes—I did not say the house was all in confusion—I said it was undergoing repair—I came down stairs with you and went up again with you both—I did not leave you sitting in the back parlour while I went up with the other—you went up with me too.

MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did not you pay more attention to the taller one than the other? A. I did not pay more attention to one than another.

Thompson. Q. How many workmen had you in your house at the time? A. One painter, that is all—he was painting the front room down stairs, not the room the watch was in.

MR. STURGEON. Q. Did the painter come to you again to finish his job? A. He is with us now, and is a very honest young man.





JOHN MACALASTER HOUSTON
. I left my watch at my lodging at the prosecutrix's house, Eden Cottage—in the afternoon I received a note from Mr. Fletcher about it—it was worth from 15l. to 20l.—it was gold—it was given to me by my father, who told me he paid 30l. for it—I have since seen a silver chain which was attached to it—I missed it on the 29th of August.





CHARLES PEGG
. (A policeman produced the chain, but the witness having remained in Court after the witnesses were desired to leave, was not examined.)

MR. HOUSTON
re-examined. The chain is mine—I have been in the habit of handling it for six years every day, and believe it to be mine—I saw it last on the morning of the 29th of August, attached to the watch; which was under my pillow when I left.

THOMPSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 37.

SAUNDERS—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.




Transported for Life.
