



903. 




GEORGE ROGERS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
19th of March, 14lbs. of coffee, value 18s.; and 1 bag, value 4d.; the goods of 



John Brooker Cooper.






JOHN BROOKER COOPER
. I am a grocer, and live in Windmil-street, Finsbury. On the 19th of March the prisoner came to my shop and inquired the price of coffee—he said he wanted about 10lbs. to go on board the ship Calip for ship stores—I went round the counter, and showed him a bag of coffee—he approved of it, and said he would call in day or two and purchase it, and some other things as well—he went away—shortly after another young man came in and bought a trifling article—he entered into conversation with me—I was behind the counter—my back was turned from the door—about half an hour after the prisoner had been there, I heard some coffee fall—I looked round, and missed the coffee—I went out, and saw the prisoner running away with the bag—he dropped it four doors off—a neighbour stopped him, and brought him back—this is the bag.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. The conversation about the coffee, I suppose, was very short? A. Yes—the coffee was nearly two yards from the door—it was not in a tempting situation—the other man came in about ten minutes after the prisoner left, and was in the shop three or four minutes. I heard the coffee fall about five or ten minutes after he was gone—I found the bag of coffee on the stones in the itreet—Mr. Price lives exactly opposite where it was dropped—I identified the prisoner immediately as the person who had been to the shop.





JOSEPH EDWAED PRICE
. I was at my own door, standing in front of my shop—I heard Mr. Cooper cry "Stop him"—I saw the prisoner drop the coffee, and run—I immediately ran across and took him—I am certain he is the person who dropped it—I took it up, and took it to Mr. Cooper.

Cross-examined. Q. Had your attention been called to the door before this? A. No; my attention was first drawn to the business by the prisoner; and at the same time I heard Mr. Cooper cry "Stop him"—I did not we any other man—I cannot be mistaken in the prisoner.

Prisoner. Mr. Price said he did not see me drop the coffee, at the office.




GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
