





2044. 
               
                  
                     ALFRED 
                     CHAMBERLAIN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of August
, 1 counterpane, value 1s. 6d.; 2 curtains, value 4s.; 1 frock, value 1s. 6d.; 1 cap, value 1s.; 1 bedgown, value 1s.; 1 tablecloth, value 1s.; 1 brush, value, 2s.; 1 tea-kettle, value 7s.; 1 umbrella, value 1s.; 1 coat, value 4s.; 1 handkerchief, value 9d.; 1 tea caddy, value 1s. 6d.; and 1 night-gown, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Neal
                  




               
            .
CHARLES NEAL. I am a Policeman
, and live in York-row, Shoreditch


. On Wednesday night, the 23rd of August, I was on duty, and left my wife in my room; I came home between six and seven o'clock in the morning, found the door locked, and the key outside; I went in and found the place all in confusion - I went up stairs, and missed a number of things; my wife had absconded during the night - my house was not broken open; on the Monday morning following, I went to the station-house at Hackney, and found the prisoner in custody - my wife was there also- I found a coat and handkerchief of my own, and a night-gown of my wife's on the prisoner; I have known him between two and three months - he did not visit me, but he resided within four doors of me; he had the coat and handkerchief on.


                  THOMAS 
                  GILKES
               



            . I am a serjeant of the Police. On Thursday morning, the 23rd of August, I was in Hackney-church-yard, and saw the prisoner, two women, and a lad, sitting on the tomb-stones, between four and five o'clock in the morning; I went and asked what they did there; the prisoner said, the woman sitting on his right was his wife, that they had just come from Canterbury, and being unable to obtain a lodging, had walked about the streets all night; I saw a bundle behind the prisoner, and asked him what it was - he said it was some things belonging to himself and his wife; I noticed a copper tea kettle, and asked if that belonged to him - he said it did; he then said he had a situation at Mr. Jackson's, who I knew, in the parish - that he had been out a few miles to meet his wife; his story appearing consistent, I did not detain him - I saw a tea-caddy in the bundle.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GALE
               



            . I am thirteen years old, and live with my father, at No. 16, York-row, next door to the prosecutor; I saw Mrs. Neal leave her house between nine and ten o'clock on Sunday night - she appeared to have nothing but her baby with her.


                  MARY 
                  GUTTERIDGE
               



            . I live in Morning-lane, Hackney. The prisoner came to take lodgings at my house on Thursday morning, between seven and eight o'clock; he then fetched a woman, whom he called his wife - they brought a bundle, with a tea-kettle and umbrella; they remained there till the Monday following, when they were taken up - the things they brought, were found there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GILLET
               



            . I am a Policeman. I went on Monday to Gutteridge's, and found the prisoner in bed with the woman; I found a counterpane, two curtains, a frock, cap, bed-gown, table-cloth, brush, tea-kettle, umbrella, handkerchief, tea-caddy, and knife there - I took him to the station; the coat and handkerchief were taken from him there.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. When the woman left the prosecutor's, she came to me - I was rather in liquor; she told me he had knocked her about and ill-used her - that she was not married to him, and would leave him that night; she told me to wait a few minutes, and she went and brought the things to me, and gave them to me; I asked whose they were - she said her own, which she had bought.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
