



1414. 




JAMES LITTLEWOOD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of May, 10 ozs. weight of silk, value 6s.; 3 1/2 yds. of fringe, value 10s.; 100 yards of cord, value 4s.; 83 wooden bobbins, value 3s.; 8 oz, of worsted, value 2s.; 8 oz. of cotton, value 1s.; 100 yards of braid, value 2s. 6d.; 1lb. of wire, value 6d.; 4 tassels, value 6d.; and 10 boot-laces, value 6d.; the goods of 




John Henry Machu, his master.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the prosecution.






JOHN HENRY MACHU
. I am a silk trimming manufacturer, and carry on business in Twister's Alley, Bunhill-Row. I have no partner—the prisoner was in my employ for a considerable time—having heard something from the foreman, I thought it necessary to go to the prisoner, and told him he was short in some silk—he said he did not know any thing about it—I said he had secreted some silk in the shop—he said he did not know; if he had,

it was there still—I said it was not there—he said, "It must be there if I put it there"—I sent the foreman to see if it was there—he returned, and said it was not—I took the prisoner in with the foreman, and desired him to produce it—he said it was not there—I left him with the foreman, who returned with him in four or five minutes, with some silk—I then gave him into custody—the officer and the foreman went to his house, and found some more property—this is it—it is mine—these silk cord laces I believe to be mine—these bobbins of silk are marked with my name—some of them, are recently marked—I had the end of some bobbins turned off, and marked with a new stamp, with my name in full—some others have older marks on them—I have no doubt of their both being mine—here is some silk, fringe, and other things, which I believe are mine—these are the two lavender bobbins of silk which were found—here is a quantity of worsted that the prisoner acknowledged to be mine.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long had he been in your employment? A. Some years—probably seventeen or eighteen years off and on—the last time was about five or six years—he was trusted the same as other work people, but no particular trust was given to him—we gave out work to other persons to work—I have entrusted him in no other way, to my recollection—I made a sort of compromise in business about sixteen or seventeen years ago—I think not so recently as fourteen years—I have no remembrance of depositing any silks or bobbins with him to take care of—I think it is impossible—I will swear that at the time of my failure there was no property of mine deposited in his custody—I have no knowledge of such a thing—I never heard of it—I have no recollection that 40l., worth of bobbins and silk were deposited with his mother—I could not forget it—I have no idea of such a thing—I never heard that property of any amount was deposited with his mother—that I swear—he never said so to me—if he had, I should have been better prepared for it now—I paid nearly 20s. in the pound—it is the custom to weigh out silk to the workmen—I did not weigh out this silk to him.

COURT. Q. Have they the power or authority to take it home? A. Some persons work out of doors, but he did not—he had no authority to take any away.





LEWIS FRANCIS WASTELL
. I am foreman to Mr. Machu. I was present when he spoke to the prisoner—he asked him if he knew any thing of two bobbins of lavender silk, which were concealed in the shop—he said he did—Mr. Machu then said where were they—he said he could find them—on saying that, Mr. Machu sent me again to search the place of its concealment, to see of it was there—it was not—I knew the place, because I had watched it for two nights, and when the silks were removed from there, I communicated it to Mr. Machu—the prisoner then said he could find them if they were there—he took me to the place where the property and been concealed, and they were not there—when he could not find them, he said he did not know any thing about them—I had seen them there about half an hour before they were removed.

Q. Did you ask him if any other person had taken the bobbins? A. Yes I said if he had any respect for himself, his wife, or family, he would tell me—he made a great pause, then he turned and said, "I sometimes put goods here," pointing to a place over his head—it was a place of concealment—he went and brought down from that place a basket with the two bobbins of silk that Mr. Machu had been inquiring about—they had been marked two nights previous, I had found things concealed

there some time before—I went on the same day with the officer, to No. 2, Mitchell-street, St. Luke"s.

Cross-examined. Q. He took you to the place where you found these two bobbins? A. Yes and he took them from the place himself—Mr. Machu was not present when I told him he ought to show me the place if he had any respect for his family—it was not the custom of persons in that department to take home silk to work—I have been fifteen years in Mr. Machu's service, but was not at the time of his bankruptcy—I believe the prisoner has two children.





JAMES PAINTER
 (police constable G 136). On Saturday, the 14th of May, I received the prisoner into custody, and these two bobbins of silk, from Mr. Machu—I took the prisoner to the station-house—I asked him his address—he said, "No. 2, Brewer-street, Goswell-road"—I went there, and found no such person living there—I returned to the prisoner, and said, "You gave your wrong address"—he said, "I live with my mother in Leonard-street"—in consequence of information I received, I went to No. 2, Mitchell-street—I there found my brother officer Peak, in a front room, up-stairs—I found the articles that are here, and these bobbins, in a basket under the bed—they were all in the front room up-stairs.

MR. PHILLIPS
to
MR. MACHU
Q. You have told my Lord you have no partner? A. In another business I am in partnership with Mr. Miller—that is totally unconnected with this business—part of the manufactured goods go to the house where I and Mr. Miller carry on business, but no part of that in which the prisoner in engaged—we manufacture goods made of silk—gentleman's silk stocks are sent into the city, and form the partnership, but it has nothing to do with trimmings, or any things else—I do not mean that nothing but silk stocks go there—Mr. Miller is connected with me in a business quite different to what the prisoner is engaged in—we make braces—there may be silk ribbon on them—I am not aware that there is any thing else goes there—there may be some trifles—bobbins do not go there, to my knowledge.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is Miller a partner in any retail business? A. No, he has nothing whatever to do with what the prisoner is charged with.





MATTHEW PEAK
 (police-constable G 196.)I was at the station-house when the prisoner was there—I remember seeing a female come—I heard the prisoner say, "Go, tell her"—the other conversation I did not hear—I followed her—she went to No.2, Little Mitchell-street, where the goods were found which are here.





MARY ANN HARPER
. I am the wife of John Harper, and live at No. 2, Little Mitchell-street, I have to let the rooms for the landlord—I let the prisoner the front room, first floor, two or three months ago.

MR. CLARKSON
to
MR. MACHO. Q. You have looked at two bobbins that came from the shelf? A. Here is my mark on these bobbins, it is an old mark, probably made two or three years ago—I cannot tell whether it has been made within five or six years—it has been made since I was unfortunate in business—here are some that have been marked within three months, and bear my name in full—"J. H. Machu".

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. The two bobbins found in the warehouse have an old mark on them? A. Yes, I cannot say how long they have been in my possession, they were old when I bought them—they have other marks—I will not swear that they were not in my possession at the time of my composition.
(James Sambrook, a goldsmith and jeweller, of Corporation-lane; Wm.

Berbice, a publican of Coleman-street; Robert Pearson a turner of Sadler's buildings; and Wm. Ellis, a tailor, of Fieldgate-street, Whitechapel, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
