




1027. 




SOPHIA STUBBS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of April, 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 bag, value 2d.; 2 sovereigns, 3 half-crowns. 8 shillings, 7 sixpences, and 4d. in copper money. the goods and monies of 



Benjamin Clark, from his person.






BENJAMIN CLARK
. I am a green-grocer. On the 5th of April I met the prisoner as near two o'clock as I can recollect—I was the worse for liquor, and hardly recollect any thing about the matter, but I know I had the money in my pocket when I met the prisoner in Bow-street—I went with her to a house, No 8, Charles-street, Drury-lane—I had then three sovereigns, and a little other money, but I cannot recollect what—I laid down on the bed—I had not given the prisoner any money—I was awoke about four o'clock by the mater of the house—the prisoner was then gone, and my money also—the master of the house had given me change for a sovereign.





THOMAS KEENE
. I am landlord of the house. I remember the prisoner coming there, with the witness, about two o'clock on Tuesday morning—the prisoner had lodged there about six months—she took the prosecutor to her room, and as they were passing the passage, the prosecutor asked if I would give him change for a sovereign—I gave him three half-crowns, and the rest in small silver—I did not see that he had any other sovereigns—he then went up-stairs, and in the course of an hour after. wards (I had fastened the street door) I heard somebody coming down stairs—I opened my door, and saw the prisoner coming down, with her shoes in her hand—I asked where she was going—she said to get some gin—I said she should not go out till I saw that her friend was all right, knowing that he had had change of me—I then double-locked the door, went up-stairs, and tried to awake the prosecutor, but I could not—he was in bed, and I saw his clothes—he had no money left—I came down, and accused the prisoner, who was by the door, of robbing him of the change of a sovereign—she said he gave her 5s., which was all the money she had—I sent for an officer, but previous to the officer coming, she said she did not want to rob him, and sooner than I should give her in charge, she would give me a bag containing 19s. 4d., and a silk handkerchief—the officer then came, and took hold of her throat, and two sovereigns came from her mouth into his hand.





PHILLIP COSTIN
. I am a police-constable. On the morning of the 5th of April I was sent for between three and four o'clock—the prisoner was in the witness's room, and he gave me a bag containing 19s. 4d.—I saw there was something in the prisoner's throat—I seized her, and she gave me out two sovereigns.





BENJAMIN CLARK
. This handkerchief if mine.

Prisoner's Defence. He gave me the money to take care off till the morning—it was not my intention to rob him, but so many persons coming in, I thought it was the best way to take it down with me—he had asked me to get something for supper, and to take the handkerchief to put it in—I delivered him (the landlord) all the silver and the handkerchief—I said, "I shall not let you have the two sovereigns"—I put them in my month.




GUILTY. of stealing, but not from the person. Aged 25.



Transported for Seven Years.
