







1808. 




JOHN WILLIAMS
 and 




SAMUEL BACON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
13th of July, 32 parcels of medicine, value 8l. 3s.; 1lb. weight of plaister, value 4s.; 9 bottles, value 5s.; 32lb. weight of smelling salts, value 17s.; 1 bottle, value 1s.; 1 truck, value 8l.; 2 baskets, value 1l.; 2 tarpaulins, value 6s.; the goods of 



Thomas Buckle Herring and another: 1 coat, value 9s.; 1 pocket-book, value 6d.; the goods of 



William Newby; and 1 coat, value 1s., the goods of 



Richard Langdon: and




WILLIAM DEE,



 JAMES GAYTON
, and 




ANN MATTHEWS



 as accessaries after the fact; and that 



John Williams and 



Ann Matthews had been before convicted of felony.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.





THOMAS MASON
. I am a warehouseman in the employ of Thomas Buckle Herring and Thomas Herring, of Aldersgate-street, wholesale druggists. On the 13th of July I packed up some medicines—these are some

of them—the packages were given to Newby and Langdon to deliver—they were the property of Messrs. Herring—the value of the whole was something under 20l.—there were thirty-two parcels in the whole—the truck belonged to Messrs. Herring, and had their name and address on it—they were covered with tarpaulin—there was a red book with the name of "Herring, Brothers" on it—this is the book—(looking at it)—these are the parcels—I know the tarpaulin.





WILLIAM NEWBY
. I live in Luke-street, Finsbury, and was a porter at Messrs. Herring's. On Friday, the 13th of July, I went with the truck—we with Langdon—there were some parcels of medicine in the truck—we went into Mr. Crow's, in Farringdon-street, and left the parcels outside in the truck, with the tarpaulin, the red book, and a coat of mine—we were there three or four minutes, and then the truck was gone, and the parcels.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Two of you went to take care of these goods? A. Yes; but we were heavily laden-as soon as we came to a public-house we went in—it was a hot day.





RICHARD LANGDON
. I was porter to the prosecutors—I was out with the truck, and went into the public-house—I lost the truck—it was half-past four o'clock.





JOSEPH ROWE
. I am a lock-smith and bell-hanger, in Playhouse-yard On Friday, the 13th of July, I was standing at my street-door-Williams and Bacon came into the yard opposite my door with a truck, between five and six o'clock—my door is opposite Parrot-court—they took two baskets off the truck, one at a time—after they had taken the two baskets up Parrot-court, they took the truck up Whitecross-street, in a direction towards Old-street—I saw the truck again this morning.

Williams. This is a more suspicious character than I am myself—he bought two patent locks, worth 3l. 10s., for 3d.—he keeps a marine-store shop.

COURT. Q. Have you ever been in difficulties? A. No, I have not.





SIMEON SIMMONS
. I live in Whitecross-street, and am a tin-plate worker. On the evening of the 13th of July I saw a truck and Williams and Bacon with it—the name of "Herring, Brothers" was on it—there were some baskets on the truck—I saw them turn into Playhouse-yard, where Rowe lives.





JOHN ROBINSON
. I found a truck belonging to Herring, Brothers, on the Sunday after it was stolen, up by the Royal Standard, about three-quarters of a mile from Whitecross-street.





ELIZABETH PEAR
. I live at No. 3, Parrot-court, Playhouse-yard, and am a widow. Williams and Matthews occupied a room at No. 11, which is a house I let—they lived there as man and wife about four or five weeks, and were very quiet—I had seen Bacon there four or five weeks before I went before the Magistrate—on the Friday afternoon that they were taken into custody, I saw Williams and Bacon carrying a basket-Williams said he was going to sell cherries—I said I was glad to hear it—they had one basket first, and then they came back with another—I have seen the baskets here—they appear to me to be the same—there was a tarpaulin over one-between nine and ten o'clock the same evening I was speaking to Matthews, and told her her husband was going to sell cherries—she said she knew it—she spoke to a woman for about five minutes, and while she was doing so Williams and Bacon came up-Matthews spoke to them—after she had spoken to them she went away-about five minutes after that I

saw Gayton and Dee come up—there were all the four men together, and they all four went up the court together-Williams told them to come up—they went in a direction towards Williams's—there is no thoroughfare there.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. How do you get your living? A. By taking single men as lodgers, not single women—I get my living as honest as any others—I was not found for a witness till the Saturday after—they came and summoned me—I lost my husband thirteen years ago, and had eleven children to bring up—I have never been in any trouble of my own, as there never could be any thing found against me-nobody was ever so wicked as to try, except my own children—I did not rob my own daughter—she may accuse me, but she was under age—I went before Mr. Broughton—I gave my daughter and her husband the goods a week after she married, and she sold them three weeks after she was married—I was taken before Mr. Broughton after that-two gentlemen were my bail—my son found them—I went to gaol till my bail came to me—I never was in any other gaol—I never was before a Magistrate but with a sergeant who is here—I happened to call him out of his name.

MR. PAYNE
Q. Were you ever tried? A. No; there was no foundation for the charge that my daughter made.





JAMES BRANNAN
 (police-sergeant G 20.) On Friday night, the 13th of July, I went to No. 11, Parrot-court, about eleven o'clock—that is the prisoner Williams's apartment-Davis, G 192, and Tate, G 133, went with me—the street door was open—there was alight in the bottom room, the parlour—I listened, and heard a noise resembling the tearing of paper—I looked through the key-hole and other vacancies in the door, and saw the five prisoners all there—they were engaged in undoing packages of drugs—I saw a basket there under the door where I was looking in—I told Davis to look as well, and satisfy himself—he looked—I knocked at the door, which was fast, and the female prisoner asked who was there—I said, "The police, open the door"-at that time Davis was in the act of forcing his staff between the jamb and the door—I pushed the door myself-Matthews was at that time standing behind the door, pushing it against me—I was trying to get in—I saw Gayton take a red book off a table, and throw it in a hole in the floor, and also a piece of tarpaulin, or one of the cloths produced, I will not say which—he kicked it into the hole—he immediately jumped down the hole in the floor, followed by Dee—I had seen Dee handing the parcels of drugs from one to the other, and placing some on the table—I forced my way into the room, and on doing sol received a violent blow on the side of the head from the prisoner Williams—I asked "Why did you not open the door? how came these things into your possession?"—Williams answered, "They are country things"-Davis went in with me-Tate I left outside the window—after I had procured more assistance Tate and Davis went down the hole—I saw Gayton and Dee brought up from the cellar—I found the property I have brought here, a jemmy, a file, a chisel, three skeleton keys, and a number of others, some bottles and jars—I found some pieces of paper, and produce them—I found on Williams a bag, and a file, and a key on Bacon.

Williams. Q. Did I strike you? A. Yes; I have no mark to show-you struck me on the head above the ear.





EVAN DAVIS
 (police-constable G 192.) On the Friday night I went to No. 11, Parrot-court—the street-door was open—we listened at the

parlour door, and peeped through the key hole and a crack in the panel of the door, and pushed the door away from the post, and saw all the prisoners sorting out the parcels—I saw Dee handing the parcels to Gayton and so did the female—I heard Brannan knock at the door—the female asked who was there—we said "Police"—I pushed the panel of the door I saw Gayton take up the book from the table, and throw it down the hole, and some cloth or something he kicked down the cellar—then we pushed the door and tried to break it open-Williams, Bacon, and the female prisoner resisted-Gayton jumped down the cellar, and Dee followed him—I saw what was done to Brennan-Brennan then asked Williams how these things came to be there—he said they were country things—I went into the cellar, and found Gayton and Dee both close up together in the corner by the fire-place—I saw a red book found in the cellar by Tate—this is similar to the one I saw thrown down—this pocket-book was found there, and some tarpaulin and some coats.

Cross-examined. Q. Certain statements were made by the prisoner before the Magistrate? A. Yes—the female prisoner was pushing at the door to prevent its being opened.

Williams. Q. After you handcuffed Bacon and me, what did you do? A. I left you there in the parlour while I went down into the cellar.

Williams. There was no crack in the door before they broke it—it was impossible for any man to see through the door. Witness. Yes, it was a very weak door, and bolted and locked, and we pushed it so as to see.





HENRY TATE
 (police-constable G 133.) I went with the other officers—I was outside the window—I looked through the crevice of the shutters and saw the five prisoners busy in looking out and sorting the property—I heard the room door broken open-Williams pushed back the shutters, and I pulled the window up, and went in—I went into the cellar and found this red book.

Williams. Q. You say that when the door was broken I opened the window? A. Yes, you did.

Williams. The other officer said I struck him at the time, and if this officer could see through a shutter, window and curtains, he could swear any thing-Gayton is quite innocent of throwing the book into the cellar.





JOHN GATES
 (City police-constable No. 99.) I have a certificate of Williams's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner Williams is the man—I took him.





RICHARD JONES
 (City police-constable No. 41.) I got this certificate of Ann Matthews's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the female prisoner was the person convicted.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

BACON—


GUILTY
. Aged 23—


Transported for Seven Years.

GAYTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.

MATTHEWS—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.—



Confined Five Days.

DEE—


NOT GUILTY
.
