




2397. 




THOMAS PORTSMOUTH
 and 



ANN PORTSMOUTH
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
26th of October, 4 books, value 2l. 5s.; 1 watch, value 10s.; 1 pedometer, value 1l. 12s.; 7 sheets, value 17s.; 1 table-cloth, value 10s.; 4 curtains, value 8s.; 8 pairs of trowsers, value 1l. 12s.; 2 coats, value 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value la.; 6 forks, value 3l.; and 20 spoons, value 4l. 5s.; the goods of 



Thomas Heberden: 1 counterpane, value 5s.; 13 curtains, value 2l.; 50 yards of more, value 3l.; 1 set of bed-furniture, value 12s.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; 1 table-cloth, value 2s.; and 5 spoons, value 5l.; the goods of 



Henry Rice, their master.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY RICE
. I am a solicitor, and live in Jermyn-Street. The prisoners have been in my service since 1835—they are married, I believe—I reside out of town—on my return, in October, I found the prisoners had absconded—I searched the house, and found the plate was gone, and various other articles—a gentleman named Heberden was living in the house—I made search for the plate in particular—I missed a great many articles which are here—I recognize thirteen curtains and fifty yards of merino—here is a shirt which I believe has my mark—in consequence of, receiving

a letter from the prisoners, containing some duplicates, I went to the pawnbroker's, where I found some property—this spoon is mine—there is a cipher on it—some of these others are mine—my crest is on some.

COURT. Q. Were the prisoners living in your house together? A. Yes—what the woman did she might do under the control of her husband.





THOMAS DRISKELL
. I am in the employ of Mr. Hennis, a pawnbroker. I produce some property—the male prisoner pawned these spoons at our shop—I am sure he is the person who pawned this spoon, which has been identified by Mr. Rice, and here are curtains pledged by the female prisoner—this spoon and two forks were pledged by the male prisoner—I received from him two forks, for 1l. 1s.; two teaspoons, for 3s.; one teaspoon, 2s.; one dessert-spoon, 4s.; one table-fork, and other things, 1l. 4s.; two spoons, 15s.; 1 teaspoon, 1s. 6d.; twenty-four yards of merino, 1l.; one sheet, a shirt, and teaspoon, 3s.; 1 metal watch, 15s.; and some other things—they were not all taken in by me—some were pledged as far back as October, 1837.

COURT. Q. Do you take in any thing that any body brings? A. Certainly not—I have compared the duplicates produced by Mr. Rice, with the counterparts in my possession—they correspond.





DR. THOMAS HEBERDEN
. I reside in Mr. Rice's house, in Jermyn-street. I had some plate there—these two spoons are mine—(looking at them)—I know them by the crest on them—when I came back to town I missed these forks.





THOMAS DRISKELL

re-examined. I produce this plate, and the duplicates correspond with these, as they did with the others.

Thomas Portsmouth's Defence. All I have to say is, that it was not my intention to commit a felony—I pledged them with the full intent of restoring them, and have been disappointed in my expectation—I commenced manufacturing an article, which turned out quite contrary to my wish—my wife acted under my control—if I had taken her advice I should not have persevered in manufacturing that article which I did.





HENRY RICE

re-examined. The man has lived with me from May, 1835—the first that appears to have been pawned is about twelve months previous to this month—to replace the whole property I suppose would cost me 50l.—the curtains had been taken down, and those things supposed to be put away, I found were pawned.
(Edward Goddard, No. 7, Clarke's-buildings, a porter at Mr. Mitchell's, Old Bailey, gave the prisoner a good character.)

THOMAS PORTSMOUTH. Aged 38.—


GUILTY
.



Transported for Seven Years.

ANN PORTSMOUTH.—


NOT GUILTY
.
