





1591. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     PATTERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of September
, 1 purse, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        George Whit 
                        Bailey
                     



                  , from the person of 
                     
                        Ann Weston 
                        Bailey
                     



.
ANN 
               
                  WESTON 
                  BAILEY
               



            . I am the wife
 of George Whit Bailey, who is in the horse-hair trade
; we live in Kingsgate-street, Holborn. On the 5th of September, between three and four o'clock, I was in Smithfield


, and had this purse in my pocket, but no money; I did not feel it taken, but the officer spoke to me, and the prisoner was behind me, nearer than she is now - the officer charged her with taking my purse; she denied it - she was taken to the Compter, searched, and the purse was found on the ground between me and her; she was a stranger to me - I am certain of the purse; I had made it myself.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You do not mean to say it was found at the Compter, but on the ground in Smithfield; I saw the officer take it up - it was very light, and would easily come out of my pocket; I had taken my handkerchief out a minute or two before.
Q. I believe you told the officer at the moment, that in all probability the purse might have fallen out at the same time? A. Yes, and I desired him to give me my purse -I believe I said I did not think she had touched it; it was found close against my heels - it might have fallen; I felt no jerk - my pocket is not very deep: I should think it could not be taken out without my feeling it - she strongly denied it.


                  FRANCIS 
                  BIGNALL
               



            . I am a City officer, and was in Smithfield; a lady came to me about a quarter to four o'clock, and told me something - I followed after the prisoner, who she described to me; she placed herself by the side of Mrs. Bailey, and had not stood many minutes before she put her left hand outside Mrs. Bailey's clothes, raised the pocket up, put her right hand into the pocket, and with her right hand the purse came out; I allowed her to go a yard or so, and said, "Now, my good woman, you must give me hold of that purse;" I seized her hand, and the purse fell to the ground - she said," My good man, what do you want with me?" I said, "Never mind, you shall know;" Mrs. Bailey turned round, and saw me take up the purse.
Cross-examined. Q.Did not Mrs. Bailey tell you she had pulled out her handkerchief, and it might have dropped out? A.She did, but I saw it taken; Mrs. Bailey said at Guildhall she supposed it was ten minutes before that she took out her handkerchief, and not on that spot; I had the prisoner and purse before Mrs. Bailey knew she was robbed - she did not say she might have dropped it till she got to the Compter; I then told her I saw it taken - I had been observing the prisoner for about five minutes - there was a crowd; I was obliged to get another officer to help me - I told my brother officer I saw it taken; I am a special officer, sworn in for the fair.
MRS. BAILEY. This is my purse.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q.Was there another officer there? A. Yes; Bignall told me the woman had robbed me, and taken my purse out of my pocket - I told him on the spot that I might have dropped it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
