





NEW COURT. FRIDAY, OCTOBER 21.
Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
2030. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  KEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of October
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-chain, value 6d.; 1 seal, value 5s., and 1 watch-key, value 1d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Waller
               




            .
SAMUEL WALLER. I keep a shoemaker's shop
, in St. Pancras-place, Middlesex


. On the 1st of October the prisoner came to my shop with another person, under the pretence of buying a pair of shoes; the other bad an old shoe in his hand, and asked me if it was worth mending - I said No, it was worth nothing; I asked if they had money for a new pair - they said they had not; they tried on an old pair, but did not like them - they said I must make a pair for them the next week; I had a watch hanging on a nail in the shop just before they came in, and when they had got about a yard from the door I missed it - I started after them, and saw it in the prisoner's hand; I caught hold of him - he put his hand behind his back; I attempted to draw it forward, and I saw the watch in a pool of water, about two yards from where he stood - I did not see him throw it away; an officer came up, and I gave him into custody.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you really mean that you saw the watch in his hand? A. Yes, I did.


                  JOHN 
                  CRUTCH
               



            . I live in Brewer-street, and am a plumber. I was at work next door but one to the prosecutor's - I saw him and the prisoner struggling; I saw the watch in the prisoner's hand, and saw him throw it into the water.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I took the prisoner, and found on him 3s.
(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
