





1111. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of April
, 1 watch, value 2l.; 2 seals, value 18s., and 1 snuff-box, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Neil 
                        McMillan
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  NEIL 
                  McMILLAN
               



            . I live in Cumberland-market, Regent's-park, and am a carpenter
. On the 24th of April I was drinking in the tap-room of the Compasses public-house, in Drury-lane


 - I did not see the prisoner there, to my knowledge; I had my watch when I went in there, my snuff-box, a crown-piece, and some half-crowns - I fell asleep, and when I awoke I missed all my property - I saw it again at the station-house, in Covent-garden, in about an hour afterwards; I paid 3l. 5s. for the watch - I gave 5s. for one of the seals, and the other was a present.


                  JOSEPH 
                  KENDRICK
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 24th of April I took the prisoner in Covent-garden-market, at twelve o'clock - I asked if he had a watch; he said Yes. and he had had it five years - I took him to the station; I had occasion to go out, and on my return I found the prosecutor there, who accused him of having his watch - I searched the prisoner, and found on him this watch, these seals, a snuff-box, a crown-piece, and two half-crowns - the prisoner did not then say it was his watch.
NEIL McMILLAN. These are my property - I awoke between ten and eleven o'clock; I had 18s. or 19s. in my pocket.


                  ANN 
                  BAKER
               



            . My brother-in-law keeps the Compasses. I went into the tap-room - I saw the prosecutor asleep, and the prisoner drew his hand from his pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
