



193. 




FREDERICK ROSSER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of November, at 
St. Nicholas, Deptford, 4 watches, value 7l.; 4 seals, value 20s.; 4 keys, 6d.; 1 chain value 30s.; and three watchribbons,
value 4d.; the goods of 



Charles May, in his dwelling-house.







CHARLES MAY
. I am a watch-maker, live in Union-street, in the parish of St. Nicholas, Deptford. I was called down stairs on Wednesday morning, the 16th of November, and in consequence of what my sister said I ran out, and heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I ran through part of High-street into Loving Edward's-lane—I saw a man running, and saw him throw some watches into a ditch on the left-hand side—I ran to the spot, and waited there till three of the watches were taken out—the person who threw them there ran on pursued—by several persons—the watches had been intrusted to me to be repaired—I should think they are worth 7l.—they had hung against the wall in my shop—I had seen them about a quarter of as hour before—I had not authorized any body to take them.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you at any time state that the person you saw running had a white apron on? A. Yes—the prisoner was in custody three or four minutes after I saw him running—I saw him in custody some time before the watches were got of the ditch—he had a white apron on when taken—Loving Edward's-lane is 150 or 200 yards from my house—he had his back to me me when threw the watches away.





JOHN LILL
. I am a letter-carrier in the Post-office. On the morning in question I heard a cry of "Stop thief, and saw the prisoner turn the corner of Union-street, and run down Edwards-lane—I ran after him, and when a few paces from him be threw something into the ditch—I stopped there, and saw three watches taken out—I turned round, and met him fall in the face as he ran past me—he had an apron on—I never lost sight of him till he was taken.

Cross-examined. Q. Were there other people running? A. Yes, several, but I was next to the prisoner—there might be a few before me—I was about three yards from him—there was nobody between me and him—a person crossed us at the time he threw the watches away—I will not swear the person had not a white apron on—the prisoner continued running, and was stopped—the person who crossed us was not stopped—I was passing along—Mr. May was beind me.





JAMES CONNER
. I am a constable. On the day in question I was walking through High-street, and saw the prisoner running in Union-street, towards me—I saw Mr. May run out of his house, without his hat—I followed the prisoner directly—he ran into Edward's-lane, and on the left hand threw something from the bib of his apron with his left hand into the ditch—I stopped about a second to look at the ditch, but could see nothing—I followed him immediately and at the end of lane, by the houses, a witness ran a few yards a-head of me and stopped him—I crossed the road directly, and took him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see a man cross him with an apron on? A. No—if there had been. I should think I must have seen him—to the best of my recollection nobody was a-head of me but Turner—the prisoner had an apron on when I took him.





JOSEPH WHITTAL
. I am a baker at Deptford. I examined the ditch and found three or four watches—I am not certain which—I gave them to Mr. May—I saw the prisoner running as fast as he could on the same side of the way as the ditch.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you an apron on? A. No—there were several persons running after him—the prisoner had a white apron on—I

did not see any body cross the prisoner at the time the things were thrown into the ditch.





JOHN TAYLOR
. I am a constable. I was near Mr. May's house about ten minutes before the robbery, and saw the prisoner standing on the step of Mr. May's door—the street door was open at the time—there is a passage, and a door in the middle of the passage into the shop—as I returned, in about ten minutes, I just turned round the corner of Union-street, and heard a call of "Stop him"—I turned round, and saw prisoner running across High-street, and Mr. May after him—I ran and followed—I saw something go from prisoner's left hand into the ditch—I ran up the lane, and saw Turner stop him—he had a black frock coat and a white apron on.





WILLIAM TURNER
. I ran after the prisoner up Loving Edward's-lane, and stopped him—he said, "Let me go, I have only broken a window"—and then the policeman came up—I did not see him with any thing—he ran alongside of the ditch—I saw his hand go out by the side of the ditch, but did not see him throw any thing into the ditch.

Cross-examined. Q. How near were you to him when saw his hand go? A. Within a few yards—I saw him throw something away—I cannot say what it was.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

JURY. to
MR. MAY. Q. Do you value the watches at 7l., at the wholesale or retail price? That is the value they would readily fetch—I do not deal in second-hand watches—they might not fetch that at an auction—7l. is her fair value.




GUILTY. of stealing under 5l.—Aged 20. 


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.

