





1806. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 2nd of August
, two necklaces, value 6l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Clementina 
                           Caines
                        




                     
                  , well knowing them to have been stolen
            , against the Statute.
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
CLEMENTINA CAINES. I am a parlour-boarder
, at Mr. Stables' at Hendon


. On the 2nd of August I had some necklaces and trinkets, and money in a small box; I saw the box safe on the drawers in the parlour at half-past eleven o'clock in the morning; the drawers were within a few yards of the window, but not near enough for any one to put his arm in and reach the box - the window was open and the blinds down; on going into the room at a quarter before two o'clock I missed the box; it was shown to me by the officer about half-past two or three, broken to pieces - I found in it a pair of pearl ear-rings, which were under the part of the box which drew up; among other articles which I lost from the box, was one pearl necklace and one cornelian - I have seen the pearl necklace since and part of the cornelian.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is the parlour on the ground floor? A. 
Yes, there is a railing before the window.


                  JOHN 
                  WARREN
               



            . I am a constable of Hendon. I was sent for about this robbery; I found this box in a field about fifty yards from the house - it was broken open, and some letters thrown about.


                  EDWARD 
                  RAY
               



             (Police-constable S 92). On the 2nd of August I saw the prisoner by the tap-room window of the Southampton Arms public house at Camden-town; three or four miles from Hendon, between nine and ten o'clock, in company with a boy named Gray and another girl - in consequence of suspicion I took the prisoner's address out of the bail-book at the station, and went to her lodgings in Jeffry's-buildings Westminster, on the 11th of August - I found her there; I searched and found this cornelian necklace, a gold watch, a silver thimble, and a china thimble: Warren, who was with me, found eight sovereigns - I told her I apprehended her on suspicion of being concerned in a robbery; she said she had nothing to do with it - I asked if she had seen Gray; she said No, she had not; I then asked whose the necklace was: she said it was hers, and had been given her by a cousin - we then took her to the station-house, and on the same day, the 11th of August, we took her before the Magistrate at Hendon - I told her in going along, it would be better for her to tell the truth to the Magistrate, but not to tell me any thing.
COURT. Q. Where did you find these articles? A. In her box in the lodging; it was not locked, there was a quantity of women's clothes in it - there was only one bed in the room, she was in bed with a yound man named Chapple; he was taken, but discharged.
Cross-examined. Q. You found her in company with this man? A. Yes; he lived with her; I had known her some time - I saw her on the night of the 2nd of August, at Camden-town, which is in the road from Hendon to London, with Gray, which she denied.


                  GEORGE 
                  HENRY RODOLPH
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker in the Westminster-bridge-road. I know the prisoner; on the 4th of August she came to my employer's, and pawned this necklace for 9s.; there was another female with her; I asked the prisoner how much it cost; she said a gentleman purchased it, and I believe she said in the Strand, and made her a present of it - this is the counterpart of the duplicate I gave, it is in the name of Charlotte Clark, lodger, No. 4, Charlton-street, Somers'-town - this is a pearl necklace; I did not apprize her of the value of it; if she had asked 2l. I should have lent it; it might have cost 6l.; she was dressed quite in a fashionable manner, in a silk hat and silk dress.
COURT. Q. Did you not take her for an unfortunate woman? A. Yes, and they frequently take gold watches and other things to pawnbrokers.


                  EDWARD 
                  RAY
               



            . I found a slate-coloured dress on the prisoner's bed, and some silk, quite new; she was partly dressed, in common clothes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
