






1681. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ROSINA 
                     SAVELIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of May
, 1 pair of boots, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Moore
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  LOUGHBOROUGH
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. 
               
                  William 
                  Moore
               



            ; he lives in Upper King-street, Bloomsbury


. On the 29th of May the prisoners came with another person, and asked to look at some shoes; it was some time before I could learn which of them wanted them; at last Smith took a chair, and I got two or three pairs for them to look at; they said they were not what they wanted; they went away, and I missed a pair of men's boots; I went in pursuit; they were all walking together, two doors from my shop; I told Mr. Moore of it, and left him to mind the shop while I went after the prisoners - I found them in a passage in Southampton-row, standing out of the rain - I requested them to come back, saying I had missed something - they said they had stolen nothing, and would not come back: the other got away; but I took the two prisoners back. Savelin dropped the boots from under her arm, in Green-street - I had just sold them, and laid them on a chair, to go home.


                  PETER 
                  KENDALL
               



             (Police-constable E 89). I took the prisoners; I found only 1d. on them, and a duplicate.
The prisoners put in a written Defence, stating that they had gone with 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Brain
               



            , who wished to buy a pair of shoes, and she had taken the boots in question unknown to them, but they had never been in the possession of either of them.
SMITH. - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
SAVELIN. - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
