





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Vaughan
               



            .
690. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           David William 
                           Hall
                        



                     
                  , on the 29th of March
, and stealing 4 coats, value 2l.; 5 pairs of trousers, value 2l.; 2 pairs of breeches, value 10s.; 4 waistcoats, value 30s.; 1 sheet, value 3s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 3s.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 1 knife and fork, value 1s., and 1 pair of gloves, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Daniel 
                           Hubbard
                        



.


                  DANIEL 
                  HUBBARD
               



            . I lodge in Russell-court, in the parish of St. Paul, Covent-garden


; I rent the room of Mr. Hall - I do not know his Christian name: I am a waiter
 at a gentleman's house; I have the back room in the upper part of the house - I keep the key of it. I left my room about eight o'clock in the morning of the 29th of March; I locked the door, and put the key into my pocket - I have not a doubt that I locked the door; I swear I locked it - I returned about half-past twelve at night; I found my room door open - there did not appear to have been any force used to the lock; I missed this property when I came to examine; it was worth 6l. or 7l. - I also lost two tea-spoons, two salt-spoons, and three shirt-pins; I did not see them again till the Sunday following, when I saw him at Stone's, (the officer) house - I saw the whole of the clothes there.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is it not because you usually lock your door that you say you did so that morning? A. I will not swear it positively, but to the best of my recollection I locked it; I have not found the spoons and pins.
COURT. Q. Does your door shut with a catch lock? A. A common lock, with a handle - I am certain it was shut, and to the best of my knowledge it was locked.


                  DANIEL 
                  STONE
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 29th of March, between three and four o'clock in the afternoon, I was standing at the bottom of St. Martin's-lane, and saw the prisoner in Hemming's-row, with a bag and a handkerchief; I had seen him before, and followed him - I saw him first go on one side of the street, then on the other, and look behind him; I followed him as far as Green-street, Leicester-square; I then went up, and asked what he had got - he said clothes; I asked him whose they were - he said they were his own: I asked where he brought them from - he said that was another man's business; I said I should stop him on suspicion - I did so, and took him into a public-house; he remained there till I got more assistance - he was very resolute, and said he would not be stopped; I got further assistance, and secured him; I took possession of the bundle, and now produce it.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not tell you he had bought them of a gentleman's servant? A. Yes, when he got to the station, but not till then; it is not above ten minutes' walk - he said he bought them of a gentleman's servant that day, for 2l. 8s.; I did not find the spoons - I found no housebreaking implements on him.(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY of larceny only
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
