



392. 




FRANCIS BALFOUR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of January, 30lbs. weight of rags, value 4s.; and 1 bag, value 2d.; the goods of 



Barney Abrahams.






BARNEY ABRAHAMS
. I deal in rags, and live in Church-street, Bethnal-green—my warehouse is in York-street. The prisoner was employed to sort rags—he had no authority to sell or send them out.

Prisoner. Q. Did you never give me authority to carry or send out

rags? A. Not unless you took them out with a horse and cart—he had no authority to deal with the rags without my knowledge and direction.





SARAH ABRAHAMS
. I am the prosecutor's wife. On the evening of the 1st of January, I was passing my husband's warehouse in York-street, and saw Abraham Phillips standing inside the warehouse gate—I stood to watch, and saw the prisoner put a bag of rags on Phillips's shoulder—I followed him into a shop in Shoreditch—I went into the shop, and he was going to sell them—he put them on the counter, and a boy belonging to the shop was coming out to attend to him, but I asked for the master—the mistress came, and I claimed them—I got Russell to take Phillips with the bag, which I knew to be ours.





ABRAHAM PHILLIPS
. I am eleven years old. I go to the synagogue, and am the son of Aaron Phillips, of Three Tun-alley, Goulston-street—I have known the prisoner three months—my cousin worked at the prosecutor's warehouse formerly, and I got acquainted with the prisoner—he met me in the street in the morning, and said to me, "If you will come to-night to carry a bundle for me, you shall get a 1d. or 2d. by me"—on the 1st of January, he met me about one o'clock, in the street, and said, "Come to-night, I will get a bag of rags ready for you—you shall go and sell them, and I will give you a 1d. or 2d."—I went and received the bag, and took it to Mr. Sears, of Shoreditch—the prisoner told me to sell them in my father's name—I gave my father's name there—I got 1 1/2 d. a pound for the rags—I do not know how many pounds there were—I did not sell any this night, but when I had been there before—I was stopped on this night by the prosecutrix, and given in charge—I had some oranges—the prisoner said, "Leave them here, I will mind them for you," and I left them.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever sell any for your cousin? A. Never; you met me in Church-street—I had my oranges with me—I have sold eighteen or twenty lots for him.





JOHN HAYES SEAR
. I am the son of John Sear, who is a stationer and dealer in marine stores, in Shoreditch—I have seen Phillips, eighteen or twenty times, at our shop—he has brought rags for sale—he gave the name of Phillips, 17, Goulston-street.





WILLIAM RUSSELL
 (police-constable H 54.) I apprehended Phillips, at Sears', and found the bag of rags there.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. The lad has stated false—I believe he was employed by his cousin to do this, before I came to work there; and when the cousin was taken up on the evidence of the lad, he was discharged, by saying it was me.

MRS. ABRAHAMS
re-examined. I saw the prisoner put the bag on his back—the witness' cousin was out with his master at the time.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
