






823. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STOCKINGS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 4d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Merritt
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  MERRITT
               



            . I am a cordwainer
. I was at the Eagle tavern, City-road


, on the 8th of March, between four and five o'clock - I had been there a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes, at a meeting of Mr. O'Connell's friends, in the open air; I had a handkerchief and pair of gloves in my left-hand pocket - I did not feel any thing done, but two officers came and asked if I had lost any thing; I said I did not know, but I felt and missed my handkerchief and gloves - I went with them immediately and took hold of Stockings; I was going through the crowd with him, and he pulled out the handkerchief from his left-hand pocket, and threw it down - I said, "That is of no use," and I took him to the watch-house; I did not see Davis do any thing - they were taken together.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MAYNE POWELL
               



            . I am a constable of Bethnal-green. I went promiscuously to the meeting - I saw the two prisoners and two others with them, all in the same company - I have been a constable six years, and know such characters pretty well; Stockings went on the ground with another person, and met Davis and shook hands with him - they all hustled the prosecutor; Davis held up his coat, and Stockings took out his handkerchief with two fingers; I had seen them attempting several persons pockets before - I told the prosecutor of it.
Prisoner Stockings. Q. Does it stand feasible that he could see this man hold up the pocket in such a crowd? A. Yes, I did.


                  HENRY 
                  ARNAND
               



            . I am a boot and shoemaker, and a constable of Bethnal-green. I was at the meeting - I saw the prisoners meet and shake hands there; there were four in the gang - two backed up by two; I saw Davis lift up the pocket, but did not see Stockings draw the handkerchief - at that instant the mob began to separate; my brother officer went to the prosecutor, who felt and missed his handkerchief - I followed the prisoners, and heard Stockings say to Davis, "What have you got?" he said, "Only a snotter;" I seized one of them, and my brother officer the other.
Stockings' Defence. I never saw this prisoner before in my life; the officer knows the man I shook hands with was not the prisoner - the gentleman at first said the handkerchief was worth 4d., and then he said 1s. 4d.
Davis' Defence. I had no hand in it at all - I had never seen this prisoner.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
STOCKINGS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.(See page 298.)
