



1712. 




HENRY HARRISON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of April, 5 veneers, value 15s., the goods of 



William Fear, his master.






WILLIAM FEAR
. I am a cabinet-maker, and live in Long-lane, Bermondsey—my workshop is in the rear of my house. The prisoner was a turner in my employ, and had the keys to open my premises, at five o'clock in the morning—on the 29th of April I missed about fifteen rosewood veneers—I sent for the prisoner, told him he was aware I had been robbed for a length of time, and my suspicions fell on him—he denied it—I afterwards got a constable, and went to the prisoner's lodging, in Baalzephon-street—the prisoner was there—I then mentioned to him the name of Mr. Tilley, who had charged him with taking some veneers, and I desired the prisoner to come to my parlour, that he might see Tilley—he came and saw him, and Tilley charged him with taking six veneers—the prisoner said, "Tilley, don't be so hard, it is only five I have taken"—I then begged the prisoner to tell who his accomplices were—he denied, with great violence, that he had any accomplices.





WILLIAM TILLEY
. I am a turner. On the 27th of April I lived in a street facing the back of Mr. Fear's premises—early that morning I heard a noise—I got up, and looked out of the window—I saw some veneers, falling to the ground—one of them had alighted on a little

out-house, and the rest were falling—they had been thrown over a wall—I watched, and saw the prisoner come from that direction, and go up a garden belonging to a Mr. Smith—he gathered them up, and then looked about—he saw me and my wife at the window—he dropped them, and went out of the garden—I then drew down the blinds of my window, and watched—he came again, looked up, and saw no one—he then gathered up the veneers, and put them over a wall leading to his own lodging.





WILLIAM SHIELDS
 (police-constable M 157.) I went on the 29th of April to the prisoner's lodgings, with Mr. Fear, and brought the prisoner to his house—the prosecutor said, "Now, Harrison, here are you and Mr. Tilley, face to face; I want to know who is the receiver?"—the prisoner said, "I really cannot tell you; what I took I took myself "—I took the prisoner to the station—his lodging was not searched.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent—I believe there is a prejudice between the witness and me—he wrote to my master at one time, and asked to come back to work, and then I was discharged—I was then sent for again, and he left altogether.





WILLIAM TILLEY
. I work in quite a distinct branch to him—I have no prejudice against him.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
