






1018. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               that they, on the 16th of April
, at St. Giles-in-the-Fields, 2 pieces of false and counterfeit coin, resembling and apparently intended to resemble and pass for the King's current copper coins called penny pieces, feloniously did falsely make and counterfeit
            , against the statute, &c.
MR. ELLIS conducted the Prosecution.


                  MARY 
                  DAVISON
               



            . I am the wife of Jeremiah 
               
                  Brand 
                  Davison
               



            ; we live at No. 16, Phoenix-street, St. Giles's. On the 3rd of April, Davies, the prisoner, came with a female; they asked to see a two-pair back room, which I had to let; they saw and approved of it - Davies then said he wished his brother to see it, who would not be at home till seven in the evening, but he did not come; on the 4th Davies came again, and asked what sized stove there was in the room; I said a good sized stove for a family, and he took the key and went and looked at the room again - On the 8th of April, Davies came and lodged there, and on the 9th I saw the other prisoner, they came together, and brought goods in with them - I could not see what they had, as it was covered with green baize - it was a small back room, and had no furnace in it.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. When were the prisoners taken? A. On the 15th; I swear Jones came there on the 9th, and he passed afterwards, but I did not make much observation on him - I am certain of both the prisoners.


                  MATTHEW 
                  MUIRE
               



            . I am a tailor; I lodge in the front-room on the second-floor of this house, the same floor as the prisoners occupied - the first time I saw them to notice them was on the 10th, they were then on the top of the stairs; I was going up and I waited till they both passed me; I observed they passed me in a curious manner, and Davies had a small bundle tied up in a handkerchief; they came down in a sort of faint kind of way, and I heard them say, "Somebody is coming up" - I had seen Davies come up several times out of the street with a large sack or bundle under his arm; and in the course of that afternoon he came up with something which appeared like bricks, and sounded like bricks when he put them down in the room - on the morning of the 10th I had great suspicion from hearing a terrible noise of the roaring of a fire and the blowing of bellows; I made a hole in the door, and looked through, and saw them both about a furnace - I could not exactly see Jones, but I saw Davies clearly, and I am certain Jones was there - I then left, and in the afternoon I heard a little bit of knocking and some filing, like tinkering - I looked through the hole and saw them both in the room handing penny pieces from one to the other, and I saw two parcels of penny pieces - I saw two sieves there and something like a frame with something in it, but I can't say what - on the Monday following they came into the room, but I did not hear them till they were going out; in the evening of that day I watched them into the room, and I immediately went and got the police-officer - he requested me to go into the room with him, we found the prisoners there and the furnace.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you on any occasion when you looked through the hole previously, seen the two prisoners go into the room? A. Yes, I had, particularly on the Monday.


                  JOHN 
                  STEWARD
               



             (police-sergeant F 2). I was called to this house, I put my hand to the knob of the door and pushed it with my knee, it did not open hard; I don't know whether it was fastened or not - I found the two prisoners near the window; they were doing something, but the room was full of smoke, and smelled like some chemical process - I found on Davies eighteen counterfeit penny pieces, and on 
               Jones
             I found twenty good ones - I took the prisoners, and on returning to the room I found this copper and other articles - I saw a large furnace in the room and two plates to it, the same as a brass founder's furnace; it was built in front of the grate, and was about as large as a muffin stove, it had a round hole down the middle of it.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am inspector of counterfeit coin to the Mint. These eighteen penny-pieces are counterfeit, three of them have been finished off by filing; they have been cast in a mould from the impression of a good penny-piece; these twenty seem to have been used for making the impressions - I went to the room and found this broken melting pot, which I put together; it has metal in it which has been in a state of fusion, and seems the same as these counterfeit penny-pieces; it seems to be copper and brass mixed - this wire sifter is used to sift sand over the coin - here are some pieces which have broken off moulds - I found a small air furnace in the room, which had been lately erected in a rude manner, not by a bricklayer - and there were some bricks, some founder's earth, and casting sand, and rosin, which is used to smoke the face of the mould.
Cross-examined. Q. If a man were a brass founder all these things would be of use to him? A. Yes, all but the counterfeit coin.
DAVIES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
