



95. 




WILLIAM ROBERTS
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering a building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 



George Brace, on the 
29th of October, and stealing therein 5 sheep-skins, value 40s.; 7 calf-skins, value 40s.; and 113 kid-skins, value 14l.; the goods of George Brace and 



Edmund Brace.


MR. DOANE. conducted the Prosecution.





EDMUND BRACE
. My brother George is in partnership with me, and we carry on business in Horse-shoe-alley, Finsbury—it is my brother's dwelling-house—I do not reside there—we are glove leather stainers, and have a house in the yard to dry leather in—we call it the stove—it is a few yards distance from the shop, when you come into the yard—I remember having the skins stated, about the 28th of October—they were in the possession of my nephew, George Henry Brace, for the purpose of washing them—at seven o'clock the next morning the premises were found broken open, the shutters had been broken down, the sash window taken

out, and all the leather, except a few skins, taken out of the drying stove—they were the skins mentioned in the indictment.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How far from the house is this drying stove? A. About five or six yards—there is a yard between them which leads up to the house—the premises where the stoves are, is surrounded with a wall and palings—I had seen the premises at seven o'clock the night before—they were not fastened then—the skins were gone—I pay part of the rent of the building, but not of the dwelling-house.





GEORGE HENRY BRACE
. I am nephew of the last witness. I received these skins from Mr. Harborough, of Carlton-street, Regent-street—I got them myself; and when I brought them home I worked on them, on the 28th of October; and on that evening I hung part of them in the stove the last thing at night, about half-past nine o'clock—I was the last person there—I locked up the place, all the windows were safe and the shutters up—I locked the door—I went there the next morning at six o'clock; when I got up to let the men in; the shutter of the stove was down, and the sash taken out—I called my father, and we missed these skins—I saw them again at Messrs. Wicks and Dudfield's, on the 30th.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you yourself put up the shutters? A. No: I saw them up—I went round, as I always do—I recollect that night, because I was in the stove, and could see the shutter put up—the sash had been taken out and was in the stove in the morning—it is never taken down by the person in the daytime.





MARY DAVIES
. I am wife of John Davies—he lives in Orange-street, and is a glover. On the 29th of October the prisoner came there, and brought some skins—I did not examine them, but he left them for my husband to look at as a sample—my husband saw them the next morning, and the prisoner came; but I did not hear what passed.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen the prisoner before? A. No; but I am sure he is the person that came—I was serving a person when he came—I did not see him above three minutes.





JOHN DAVIES
. I am husband of this witness. The prisoner came to my house on the Thursday—I asked him what he wanted for the skins—he said, "30s. a dozen"—I presume they were kid, but I did not particularly examine them—I did not agree to have them—he asked me if I would get them dyed for him—I said I would, and I sent Jones with them to Wicks and Dudfield's—I appointed the prisoner to come again on the Friday, and, from information I received, I got an officer to take him.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not notice what they were? A. No—I considered they were kid—we sometimes buy skins in a wet state—these were in what we call staking order.





ROBERT JONES
. I was employed by Mr. Davies to take them to Messrs. Wicks and Dudfield's.





MATTHEW DUDFIELD
. I am a leather-stainer, in partnership with Mr. Wicks, in Bowling-street, Cow-cross. Jones brought these skins to me, and I hung them in the stove—on Friday the officer came with Mr. Brace, and had the same skins.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you no other skins in the stove? A. Not of that sort—we had kid, but these were Cape-sheep skins, and calf—my servants had access to the same premises—I had examined these skins—the mark of "No. 100" was on one of them.





JAMES BRANNAN
. (police-constable G 206.) I received these skins—I then went to Mr. Davies, and took the prisoner—when he came into the

shop, Mr. Davies said, "Come this way, and I will pay you"—I then stepped up and said, "Consider yourself in my custody"—he said, "What for?" I said, "For breaking and entering Mr. Brace's premises"—he said no more, and refused to give his address.

Cross-examined. Q. Where have you kept these skins? A. We give up stolen property to the inspector, but I marked them before I gave them to him, and so I know they are the same.





GEORGE WESTON
. (police-constable F 71.) I assisted in taking the prisoner—I found 3l. 13s. 4d. on him.





GEORGE HENRY BRACE
. These are the skins—here is the mark, "No. 100," on one of them—I had hung them up upon three hooks, and have hung them there since, in the same place—they have the same holes in them now.

Cross-examined. Q. What kind of rack were they hung upon? A. On tenter hooks—they are sold by ironmongers—there are other hooks of the same description, but they might not be at the same distance—I noticed this mark, "No. 100," on them, two or three times.

COURT. Q. What parish is the place in? A. St. Leonard, Shoreditch—my father has been a trustee of the parish—we lost one hundred and thirteen skins, and found but a dozen.

Prisoner's Defence. This mark, the witness did not make himself, and on most hundreds of skins, that mark is found—I could make it, or any person—it appears to me it is not very clear evidence.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
