





35. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PEARSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of November
, 1 purse, value 2s.; 2 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; 1 card-case, value 1s.; 1 bracelet, value 12s.; 8 sovereigns, 4 half-sovereigns, 9 shillings, and 1 sixpence
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin Collins 
                     Brodie
                  




               
            , Esq
.
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOODYEAR
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 2nd of November, His Majesty went to open the Parliament - I saw a chariot standing in Parliament-street


; the prisoner got upon the hind wheel, put his hand into the chariot, and took out this reticule - he put it under his arm, jumped down, and ran away; I took him, and showed the reticule to the ladies in the chariot, who identified it.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  GOODYEAR
               



            . I am a shoemaker. On the 2nd of November I was with my brother in Parliament-street, rendering him assistance; when the King went by I saw the prisoner get on the hind wheel of the carriage, and take out this reticule, containing the property stated, which the ladies identified.
MRS. 
               
                  ANN 
                  BRODIE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Collins Brodie
               



            . I know this reticule and its contents to be mine; it has the property stated in it - it was in our carriage, which is an open chariot; we were standing up to look at the King, and this laid on the seat; the officer brought it back to me.
The prisoner handed in a petition for mercy, pleading extreme distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
