




1325. 




MARY REID
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
2nd of April, 30 half-crowns, 30 shillings, 20 sixpences, and 10 groats, the monies of 



George Nane, in his dwelling-house; and 





ELIZABETH MYLETT



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen.






GEORGE NANE
. I live in Compton-place, in the parish of St. Pancras—it is my dwelling-house. Reid lodged with me—on the 2nd of April, about twelve or one o'clock, my wife awoke me—I got up, got a light, and saw my bed-room door open—I went to my box, where I kept my money, finding it locked, and the key hanging in its usual place, I concluded I had not been robbed—I had from 8l. to 10l. In that box that night, all in silver—there was, to the best of my recollection, as much as stated in the indictment, but I counted more than that—about eleven o'clock in the morning I had occasion to go to that box to make a payment, and found the money was gone—Reid had not been in the house all the morning—she ought to have been there in the morning—I thought proper to go to Mylett's room, on the 3rd of April, knowing she was her companion, and there I found them both, with several others—I accused Reid of stealing my money—she denied it for a good while—we began to examine the room, and about that time I perceived Mylett endeavouring to conceal something as she sat on the chair, and looking narrowly I saw a bag and heard money clinking—I said to the policeman, "I think there is silver in that bag"—he immediately took hold of it, and found upwards of 2l. In silver—there were some half-crowns—a quantity of new goods were found in a large chest, which Mylett pointed out, saying the things were in that chest—I only found a small quantity of money, and asked Reid what she had done with the remainder of the money—she said they had been to Somers-town, and bought some shoes, and to Lamb's Conduit-street, and bought some things—both her and Mylett said so, and Mylett pointed to the box, and said the things were there—I should have said that immediately after we found the money Reid fell on her knees, wept very much, and implored my pardon, saying she would make it up to me.

Reid. I did not say so. Witness. Mylett pointed to the box, and said the things were there, and they afterwards both said the things were bought at these places—I do not know that they said they bought them with my money.





CHARLES PERRY
. I am a policeman. I went with Nane to the room—Mylett stood by the chair, and Reid by the side of her—Mylett said she knew nothing about the money—Reid said so too—I asked if she had bought any thing the night before—I then heard something link between them—I asked Mylett to get off her chair, and immediately found the bag, with seven half-crowns, twenty-five shillings, one fourpenny piece, and some copper—Reid then began to pray of Mr. Nane to forgive her, and said she had taken the money from the box in his bed-room the night previous—Mylett said she knew nothing about it, that Reid had come to her bed-room at twelve o'clock at night, and wanted to

come in, she would not let her in, and she went round, and got in at the window; that she heard money link, and asked what she had there; she said, money which a gentleman had given her, and she would make it all right—I found a lot of new things in the room.





MARY ANN POULTON
. I live in Skinner-street, Somers-town. I sold Mylett a pair of boots for 3s. 6d., and Reid some slippers and things for 15s. 4d.—they were together.





JOHN PIPER
. I am a policeman. As I was conveying Reid to Hatton-garden on the 4th of April, she asked me if Mr. Nane would appear against her—I said he certainly would—she said she was very sorry, but she had got into the room on the previous evening, and secreted herself under his bed, and when he and his wife were in bed and asleep she opened the box and took the money out—Mr. Nane came up at the time, and she said no more.

Reid's Defence. I did not tell the officer so, he misunderstood me—I got the money from a gentleman.

Mylett's Defence. I know nothing about it—Reid came to my room with the money, and said a gentleman had given it to her—next morning we went out together, and bought some things.
(John Morrison, and Thomas Oldham, Gravel-lane; and Hussey, Tash-court, Gray's Inn-lane, deposed to Reid's good character.)

REID—


GUILTY
†. Aged 15.

MYLETT—


GUILTY
†. Aged 15.




Transported for Seven Years.
