





783. 




THOMAS WINTER
, 




GEORGE TURNER, alias
 George Body,

 and 




WILLIAM CLARKE
, were indicted for

 stealing on the 
12th of January, 31/2lbs. of pork, value 2s. 4d. the goods of 



Thomas Johnson; and that Clarke had been previously convicted of felony.






CHARLES TURNER
. I am in the service of Thomas Johnson, a butcher, in Hackney-road. On Saturday, the 12th of January, about nine o'clock in the evening, Kemp the officer came to the shop, and in consequence of what he said, I looked outside the shop, and missed two pieces of pork, which I had seen safe two minutes before.





GEORGE KEMP
 (police-constable N 82.) I was on duty in the Hackney-road, on the evening of the 12th of January, and a little before nine o'clock the three prisoners passed me—I knew them before, and watched them for about twenty minutes—I saw them all three pass Johnson's shop—Turner turned back and took two pieces of pork out of a dish in front of the shop, and gave it to Clarke, who gave it to Winter—I crossed the road directly and took Winter—as I crossed the road he said to Clarke, "D—your eyes, go back and get some more"—I took Winter to the station-house with the pork—I took him on Monday to the office—I saw Clarke and Turner waiting outside there, and secured them.

Turner's Defence. I was at home and in bed at the time he says he

saw me—I was standing about Spitalfields market, where I get my living by portering, on the Monday, and followed the mob to the office, seeing two lads whose faces I knew—I just went in to look at them, and was taken for this robbery, of which I know nothing.

Clarke's Defence. On the Monday after the robbery I was passing through Worship-street, when the policeman took hold of me, and charged me with this robbery—I know nothing of it—I was at home and at work at the time.





DENNIS POWER
 (police-constable H 18.) I was a witness against a person named George Clarke, who was tried here in April last year—the prisoner Clarke is that person—I am sure of it—I have a certificate of his conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read.)

Clarke. It must be a mistake, I was never here before. Witness. I am sure he is the person—I apprehended him myself at his mother's door—it was for stealing five pairs of clogs—he was tried in the New Court, and got six months' imprisonment—I heard him sentenced—I have not the smallest doubt he is the person—his mother is now outside, and she has been talking to me about it this morning.

WINTER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 15. TURNER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.





Confined Three Months. CLARKE*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.
