




526. 




ELIZABETH WARD
 and 




ELIZA MAGER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
9th of January, 2 sovereigns, 1 crown, and 2 half-crowns; the monies of 



William Pittman, from his person.






WILLIAM PITTMAN
. I am a pensioner of the 17th Lancers, and live in Shakespeare-walk, Shadwell. On Friday, the 9th of January, I drew my quarter's pension, which was 3l. 4s. 1 1/2 d.—I went home, and went to work till near seven o'clock—I then went to a gin-shop, and changed a sovereign—I paid some money away, and then had 2l. 12s. in a paper, screwed up—I then called for a quartern and a half of gin, and took one shilling out, in the presence of Elizabeth Ward, who came in and asked me to give her some gin—I paid for it in her presence, and then replaced the money in my pocket, and turned to go away—a little boy came in and brought a bough-pot, which he asked 3d. for—I bought it of him, and laid it down on the seat—Ward took it up, and ran away with it—I followed her—she went into Mager's house—I went in, and Mager was standing by the fire—she desired me to go up-stairs after the girl, I did so, and saw Ward—she laughed at me, and wanted me to stop all night—I refused, but she persuaded me—I staid some time, and she took my money from me—I seized her hands and said, "You have got my money, 2l. 10s."—there was a scuffle between us—I could not get the money from her, but Mager came up, and said, "What is the matter? what is the matter?"—Ward slipped her hand from my grasp, and reached the money out to Mager; who took it and ran down stairs with it, and then she called out for a policeman as well as me—there were two sovereigns, one crown, and two half-crowns in my paper—I believe there was a shilling, but I will not swear that.

Mager. I am certain I never was up the stairs—I went out for a penny worth of potatoes, and when I came back he was calling the police, and then I called police. Witness. I can swear positively she was in the room—there was a candle burning—I call God to witness that she came in—she went out after she had taken the money, but she had people below to whom she gave the money—I had had one glass of gin, and a pint of beer, that was all—I was perfectly sober.





EDWARD DOUGHTY
. I was in the police at this time. At half-past seven o'clock that night, I heard the call of "Police"—I went to the door, and asked Mager what was amiss—she said a young man was up stairs with one of the girls, and they had fallen out—I went up, and Ward was on the bed—the prosecutor had hold of her arms, and said she had robbed him of 2l. 10s.—I searched the bed, but he said it was no use for me to search it, as Mrs. Mager had got the money—I took Ward down stairs, and took her and Mager to the watch-house—I then went back, and searched the house, but could not find any thing—the Serjeant's wife searched the prisoners, but found nothing on them—there was no one in the house when I went but the prosecutor and the two prisoners; but Mager sent a girl in to take care of her place when she came out—the prosecutor was quite sober.


Mager. I said to him, "Shall I go with you?" and he said "Yes, you had better; it may save trouble."

Ward's Defence. I met the prosecutor—he asked me to go and have some gin—I went, and we had a quartern and a half, and a pint of porter—he asked me to look at the bough-pot—I put it on the seat—he then asked me to go home with him—he said he would give me 1s. 6d., but he did not give me a farthing—when I asked him for the money, he said he would give it me afterwards.





WILLIAM PITTMAN

re-examined. Q. You said there were other persons below? A. There was a girl in the public-house—I have heard she lodged there, but I did not see any one there.

WARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.

MAGER—


GUILTY
. Aged 48.




Transported for Seven Years.
