



2046. 




WILLIAM BARKER
 was indicted

 for feloniously assaulting 



Charles Coker on the 
5th of August, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, 1 hat, value 4s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 3d.; his goods; and at the time of said robbery feloniously striking and beating him.


MR. RYLAND
conducted the Prosecution.





CHAILES COKER
. I am a journeyman sawyer, and live at South Ockenden, in Essex. On Sunday evening, the 5th of August, I was going home from London, and between IIford and Chadwell the prisoner came up to me from the side of the road—he was sitting in the road—there were four or five of them-a man named Smith was with me—he was seven or eight rods he fore me—I had a handkerchief in my hand—the prisoner came up to me—the other four were close alongside of him—the prisoner snatched the handkerchief out of my hand—he did not say any thing—I tried to keep the handkerchief, but he got it by force from me—I asked him to give me my handkerchief, and he immediately knocked me down, kicked me twice in the side, and swore he would knock my b-y guts he got up—he then took my hat off my head—I asked him for it, and he got over a gate into a field, and went away—I lost sight of him—I did not know him he fore—he was quite a stranger—I am quite sure he is the man—my hat and handkerchief were shown to me next morning by Weston—they were the same I lost that night.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you sober? A. I was a

little fresh, but I knew what I was after—I did not wave my handkerchief in the prisoner's face at all—he jumped up and snatched it from me at once—I had walked from London—I never saw the prisoner before to my recollection—I know a place called Coppicelee-fair—it is three miles from South Ockenden—I do not know when the fair was held—I was at it—I cannot say whether the prisoner was there—I swear I did not quarrel and fight with him there—I do not know that I ever saw him—I work for a Mr. Davey—I had been at work the week he fore—I have worked for him eight months or better—the prisoner appeared to me to he sober—my handkerchief was worth 6d. or 5d.—he knocked me down when I asked for it, and swore at me-and he went to my mate, and knocked him down—he did not take any thing from him—he took my hat after I got up—after he kicked me about—that was after he knocked my mate down—my mate was quite sober—he did not knock the prisoner down—I did not see him touch him—he carried my hat away in his hand—I never said I would not rest till I had served the prisoner out—I do not know where he lives—after he ran away with my hat I went into the public-house, and there sat—my mate gave information to the policeman—I did not like to go without my hat—I did not strike him at all—there was no fighting between us—I never spoke to him.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I am a sawyer. On Sunday evening the 5th of August, I was going back with Coker from London to South Ockenden-when we came to Britten-pond I was eight or ten rods he fore him—there were four or five young men sitting in the road-presently I turned round and heard my mate ask for his handkerchief—the prisoner had got it in his hand—I am sure he is the man—I had seen him once he fore, but not to know any thing about him—I made answer to my mate, "Come—on Charles, never mind your handkerchief"—the prisoner then came up to me and said, "You b—I have seen you he fore—he up with his fist and knocked me down, and he fore I could well get up," he knocked me down again—I had not quite got up—he then went right back to my partner and searched him the same—I was going up the road to find assistance, and while I was gone I saw him go across the field with two more, with a hat in his hand—I had not seen him take it from my mate—I went to Chadwell and waited till Weston the officer came about nine o'clock—I then made a complaint to him, and went with him to look for the prisoner—I found him at Mrs. Kemp's beer-shop, between nine and ten o'clock—I was the first that went into the shop-Weston followed close to me—I saw the prisoner there and pointed him out—he was sitting without a hat-as soon as he saw me he hung his head down like a dying sheep—I told Weston, "That is the man"—he went up to him and told him he wanted him—he got up and said, "What do you want me for?"—he said, "Come along, I will tell you-where is your hat?"—and while he was picking his hat up, the Inspector came in—he picked his hat up from under the seat—it was turned upwards, and my mate's handkerchief dropped out of it—Weston took possession of it—it dropped out of the very hat the prisoner put on his head—I afterwards saw that handkerchief produced to Coker and he claimed it—while Weston was gone with the prisoner, I stopped he hind at the door of the beer-shop with a young man who went with me, and while there a woman named Amy Cordell asked if I should know the hat if I saw it, and she produced it on the table—I did not see her take it from under the

from—it was tied up in a handkerchief—I looked at it, and it was my mate's bat which he wore that night.

Cross-examined. Q. About what time did you meet the prisoner first? A. Between five and six o'clock—I came up to London to see my sister and my mate had been with me—I cannot say how many people there were in Kemp's beer-shop when I got in—I did not take particular notice—there might he between seven and eight—I was knocked down twice-nothing was taken from me—I did not see the hat taken—the person who had the hat in the field was about thirty rods from me—I know it was the prisoner—he was rather he hind the others—they were not all dressed alike—I saw the hat in his hand—I am sure it was the prisoner, and not one of the others.

COURT. Q. How far was the man from you? A. As soon as he knocked me down he went away to my mate—it was the same man that knocked me down who went away with the hat.

MR. PAYNE. Q. Were you at the fair when it was held? A. Yes; my mate was there—he did not quarrel with the prisoner there—he was so drunk he could not see the prisoner, and so drunk he could not speak.





GEORGE WESTON
. I am a patrol on the Essex-road. On the 20th of August a complaint was made to me by Smith—I went to Kemp's beer shop with him, a little after nine o'clock—we both went in together—he pointed out the prisoner to me, and I said, "You must go with me, where is your hat?"—he said, "My hat is under the form"—I said, "Put it on, and go with me"—he went to pick it up—I kept my eye upon him, and saw this handkerchief drop from his hat—I picked it up, and Smith said, "That is my partner's handkerchief"—I kept it, and afterwards showed it to Coker, who claimed it—Richardson, the inspector, was with me—he has another hat.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure you saw that handkerchief fall out of the hat? A. I saw part of it come out of the hat I am quite sure—I was close to him, and watched him particularly—there was a table there, but it was not between me and the handkerchief—I suppose there were seven or eight people in the beer-shop.





AMY CORDELL
. I am a widow, and live in New-street, Bethnalgreen. On the evening of Sunday, the 5th of August, I was in Kemp's beer-shop, at Barking, and saw the prisoner there—I was present when he was taken away by Weston—after he was gone, I looked under the part of the seat he had been sitting upon, and there found a hat tied up in a handkerchief—I delivered it to the witness Smith—I did not know the prisoner before—I did not see him come in; but I saw him taken, and that drew my attention to him.

Cross-examined. Q. What are you? A. I follow the weaving branch. I gave the hat to Richardson afterwards, as Smith told me to take care of it—I cannot say how many people there were in the shop—the hat was under the same form where the prisoner had been sitting—there were other People on the same form.

MR. RYLAND. Q. Had you observed the part he sat on? A. Yes; it was within a yard of that.





WILLIAM RICHARDSON
. I am a police-inspector. On Sunday, the 5th of August, I accompanied Weston to the beer-shop, and saw him take the prisoner into custody—I saw the hat he produced, and the handkerchief—the beer-shop keeper's daughter afterwards gave me the hat and handkerchief,

which is not hemmed—Mrs. Cordell and Smith were present when I received it.





CHARLES COKER

re-examined. That is my hat, and what I had on that Sunday evening, and which the prisoner robbed me of—it was tied up in this handkerchief when I received it.

Prisoner, Q. How long had you had the hat? A. About three weeks—I know it by a damage just he hind, on the right side—I gave 7s. for it—this handkerchief is also mine, and the one I lost on Sunday evening—I am quite sure about it.





SARAH MORRIS
. I live at Sandy's-green. I know the prisoner, and wash for him—I know this handkerchief—(the one containing the hat)—I have seen one similar to it, in colour and pattern—I cannot say whether I have washed this handkerchief for him; but one similar I have—it is not hemmed, nor was the one I washed for him—there is no difference between this and the one I washed for him.
(Three witnesses gave the prisoner a good character; but it appeared he had been in IIford gaol.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—Recommended to mercy.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
