








1394. 
               
                  
                     FRANCIS 
                     PEARCE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  JOSEPH 
                  GRIFFITH
               




            , 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  FENNELL
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DAVIS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April
, 160 lbs. of lead, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        John Powell 
                        Powell
                     




                  , and fixed to a building of his
            ; against the Statute, &c.
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.
CHARLES DEARE. I am a solicitor. I know the premises, at Fulham


, from whence this lead was taken; Pearce's (the prisoner) brother had been tenant of them, and had quitted on the day before this transaction - I think the place was empty; the premises belong to Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Powell Powell
               



            .
WILLIAM DUNN (Police-constable V 152). I was on duty at Fulham, on Thursday, the 12th of April, about ten o'clock at night; I know the house in question; it had been inhabited by Pearce's brother - I heard a noise of persons talking aloud; I went into the stable, and saw the prisoners there - Pearce was standing up, and the other three laying down: the lead I now produce was in a bag, under some straw - they did not appear to be asleep; I asked what they wanted there - Pearce said what did I want to know for, and that the premises were his; I said,"They don't belong to you now, but they did to your brother, and you must go along with me;" Clark, (who was with me), and I, took them into custody - I found this knife on Davis and another on Griffith.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you leave either of them behind? A. Yes, we left Davis, because he bid himself; the other three used violent language, and said they would have my life, but they afterwards went willingly, when my brother officer came in - I swear it was in the stable I saw them, it is not far from the shop- it does belong to the house; I know Pearce's brother had lived there a few days before - I found no lead on the prisoners - they were laying on it; we did not take the lead the first time - one of them threw a brick at me.


                  JAMES 
                  CLARK
               



            . (Police-constable V 138). I went in, and found this officer and three if not four of the prisoners were round him, making use of violent language to him - I cannot say there were four; I am certain there were three - the officer said he had a charge against them; I took two of them into custody - I afterwards went, and found Davis in the brick work of the forge; he made a noise sufficient to prove he was asleep - the place was narrow, and we had to drag him out by the heels.
Cross-examined. Q. What interval elapsed before your return? A. I should think from half to three-quarters of an hour - Davis had that opportunity of absconding.
DANIEL ALLSOP. I am a plumber, and live at Fulham. I fitted this lead to the middle gutter in the roof of Mr. Powell's house, at Fulham; it appeared to me to correspond with the place, and what was left, in all respects - it had been lately cut - there is about 1 1/2 cwt. or 1 1/2 cwt.
Cross-examined. Q. You could not say how long it had been cut? A. No, certainly - I think I had seen it on the building a month or six weeks before - one of these knives would cut lead, but not the other.


                  JAMES 
                  KING
               



            . I am a builder, and live at Fulham. I had been over this building about a month previous to the removal of the lead; it had been taken off a shop where it could not be observed.
MR. ALLSOP. It was taken from the roof of a smith's-shop - there was no difficulty to get up; it joined the house - the whole of the premises had been occupied; the stable was detached.
MR. DEARE. I do not know myself who was in possession of the premises on the 12th of April - they had been taken possession of under a distress-warrant.
PEARCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
GRIFFITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
FENNELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.
DAVIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.







               Transported for Seven Years
            .
