





1286. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     BOYD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of June
, 1 sovereign, the monies of 
                     
                        William 
                        Emmerson
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM EMMERSON. I am a tailor
. On the 13th of June, between five and six o'clock in the morning, I met the prisoner in Tothill-street, Westminster - I had got up to take a walk; I was perfectly sober - I cannot say whether she spoke to me first, or I to her; but I asked her to go and have a glass of gin and milk, and she did; I paid for it, and then had a sovereign, a shilling, and a sixpence- we only stood at the bar: we came out, and I asked her to go and take a walk; she went home and got a shawl; we walked round York-row, and on to Arabella-row


; we staid there talking some time, when she started off, and I thought something was wrong - I felt in my pocket, and missed the sovereign, and every thing I had in my pocket- we had not stopped; we walked together by the water-side - I gave an alarm, and a Police-officer took her; I charged her with stealing a sovereign, a shilling, and a sixpence; she denied having any thing, in the presence of the officer - he searched her, and found the sovereign, a shilling, and a sixpence in her mouth; I had some buttons and a thimble in my pocket, which she also took - she threw the thimble away; the officer thrust open her month with a penny piece, and took the money out by force.
JOHN KENNY. I am an officer. The prosecutor charged the prisoner with robbing him - I stopped her and she threw the thimble down; I found 2d., and four buttons in her hand - she denied having any thing more; by her manner of speaking I thought she had something in her mouth - I told her to open it, but she would not; I opened her mouth, and found this sovereign, shilling and sixpence in it.(Thimble and button produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met my prosecutor - we went to a wine-vaults; we walked on the Broadway, and he asked me to go on the water with him; I said I could not go as I was - he went home with me, and waited at the street door while I got a shawl; we then went on as far as Pimlico - he said was not that a very pretty garden, and asked me to go down a passage, and to go into a shed with him; I did so - he gave me all he had, and afterwards asked me for the sovereign back again; I said nothing was freer than a gift, and would not give it him.
WILLIAM EMMERSON. I did not go into any shed with her - my coat was unbuttoned all the morning.
Prisoner. He said he had been out all night, and had not been to his wife since the Saturday.
JOHN KENNY. His wife said he had not been home since the Saturday morning.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
