






493. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     BUCKLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February

, 7 caps, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Spencer
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     CREW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the goods aforesaid, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  JAMES 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I keep a sale-shop
, Batchelor-row, Battle-bridge



 - on Friday night, the 7th of February, about half-past nine o'clock, I missed seven caps, which had been inside the shop - I saw them again the same evening in a chair at Crew's, the prisoner's house, in Bagnigge Wells-road



, about a quarter of a mile from my house - he is a dealer in marine stores
 - he has a shop; but I found him in his private house - he said the caps had been brought there to be sold.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Was anybody else there when he told you this? A. His wife was, and Buckle might have been.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLLINGSWORTH
               



            . I live next door to the prosecutor - on the 7th of February, about half-past nine o'clock in the evening, I saw Buckle pass my door with something in his hands, which induced me to go and ask Mr. Spencer if he had lost anything; and I told him which way Buckle went; I remained at the shop door, and in a few minutes I saw a boy at the window, who, I thought, was connected with him, and I taxed him with it; and from what he said, he and I went after Mr. Spencer; he took us to Crew's house, in York-buildings - he went and tapped at the shutter twice with two signal knocks - he then knocked at the door, and wished us to wait outside; but I pressed forwards, and we went in; and on a chair by the side of Crew were the caps, which Spencer identified as his, and asked him how they came there - Crew said they were brought there for sale.
Cross-examined. Q. Was not Crew's shop shut up? A. I do not know - he did not say that he had declined to purchase the caps.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFIN
               



            . I lodge at Crew's, in Hamilton-row, York-buildings - he keeps a rag and iron shop, and buys all sorts of things - he generally shuts up about eight o'clock, but he buys things in the house after that - on the night of the 7th of February I went with Buckle - we stopped at Mr. Spencer's shop, and Buckle took the caps - he lived at Crew's, the same as I did - we set out a little after eight o'clock - after Buckle took the caps I was waiting till he came back, and the gentleman took me to the prosecutor, - I took them to Crew's, because I knew Buckle would take the caps there - I gave two taps at the shutter for them to let me in, which is the way we all knock, and Buckle opened the door - we lodge, and eat and drink there sometimes, not always - we generally get up at seven or eight o'clock, and go to bed at nine or ten o'clock - when I lived with Crew, I generally used to carry out phials to serve the doctors - I have been out with Buckle in an evening, and stolen things, which we have sold to Crew.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not tell Buckle to take the caps to Crew's? A. Yes; and to tell Crew to allow them to remain there - I did not hear Crew say that he had refused to buy them, that he would have nothing to do with them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLSON
               



            . I am an officer - I went to Crew's, and asked him about these caps - he said they were brought to his house for sale, but he did not buy them.



                  WILLIAM 
                  REYNOLDS
               



            . I am an officer - I assisted in taking the prisoner - these are the caps.
MR. SPENCER. These are mine - I know this one in particular; it has been mine for six months - it has been discoloured by being at the door.
Buckle's Defence. As I and Griffin were going to Somers Town, I saw these caps in the foot-path; I took them up, and he said, "Take them to Mr. Crew's, and ask him to buy them," and he said he did not like to have them at his place.
(W. Ward, a street-keeper of Christ's Hospital; 
               
                  William 
                  Corket
               



            , a bedstead maker; 
               
                  John 
                  Yeoman
               



            , a hatter; gave Crew a good character.)
BUCKLE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 11.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CREW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
