



1113. 




MARTHA TAYLOR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of March, 1 cloak, value 6s., the goods of 



James Furlong, from the person of 



Mary Ann Furlong; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






MARY ANN FURLONG
. I am seven years and three months old. 1 bow what will become of me if I do not tell the truth—I was going on an errand for my mother in Pitfleld-street, and met the prisoner—she asked me to show her Old-street—she coaxed me on, till the got me on to Old-street, and then she got me up to Chequer-alley, where she took me into a privy and took my cloak off, and said I was to wait there—she went up stairs, and said she would be down in a minute with a little boy, wrapped up in it—I cried, some women came in, and I asked them to show me White

Cross-street, and they did—I thought they were going to serve me as the other woman did, and I ran away, and got home—the prisoner is the woman that took me into the privy—I am sure of it—I had on a green merino cloak, like the one I have on now.





SARAH FURLONG
. I am the wife of James Furlong, a tailor. I am the mother of this little girl—on the 27th of March, I sent her to Pitfield-street—she had on a green merino cloak at half-past five o'clock, when she went out, and she came beck without it, and every thing torn off—she told me this story—the prisoner was taken up on the Wednesday following.





MARY ANN KENNEDY
. I was going to the privy, and saw the little girl sitting on the little privy—she wanted White Cross-street—she had no cloak on—she was crying, and was very much frightened, and all in a tremble—I took her out of the passage, and opened the door for her—I do not know the prisoner.





FRANCES LAWSON
. I saw the little girl outside—she was all in a tremble—I showed her the way to White Cross-street.





JOHN FURNISS
 (police-constable G 117.) I took the prisoner in charge on the 30th of March—she asked what I wanted her for—I said, "For stealing from a child"—she said she knew nothing at all about it. Prisoner. I never saw the child—when I was taken to Hatton-garden on another charge, the mother said, "That is the woman, my dear, that took your cloak," and Mr. Waddington said, "You ought not to tell the child, let her say it herself. "Witness. No he did not—the child made the observation, directly she saw her, "That is the woman, mother."





MARY ANN FURLONG

re-examined. The first time I saw this woman after Monday, was on Wednesday, at Hatton-garden—no one pointed her out—I said, "That is her"—I knew her in a minute.





CHARLES PALMER
 (police-constable C 17.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clarke's office (read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
