





412. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BLACKFORD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of January
, 1 watch, value 27s.; 1 seal, value 5s.; and one watch chain, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Mackenzie
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS MACKENZIE. I am a weaver
, and live in Hunt-street, Mile-end New-town - on the 31st of January, at near twelve o'clock at night, the prisoner accosted me in William-street, Shoreditch


 - I was sober - she asked me to accompany her home - I said, "No," I was going to my own home - she then laid hold of my arm, and we walked about thirty yards - I then felt something at my pocket - I put my hand and missed the whole of my money out of my trowsers pocket - I accused her of taking it - I then missed my watch, and I saw her putting my watch on the ground - I asked her to give it me back, but she refused - the officer came up, and I gave her in charge - I lost three-halfpence and one half-crown - this is my watch.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LOVETT
               



             (police-constable G 30). I was coming down William-street at the time - I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner - the prosecutor said, "I shall give you this woman in charge, as she has robbed me of my watch, half-a-crown, and three-halfpence, but the watch I have found again" - I found on the prisoner three-halfpence, a pipe, and some bread and cheese.
Prisoner's Defence. He gave me in charge for taking a half-crown and three-halfpence - he took the watch to the station-house himself, and said he found it on the ground, which he did not.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
