



528. 




WILLIAM HADDOCK
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
8th of January, 15 pennies, and 30 halfpence, the monies of 



John Balls, from his person.






JOHN BALLS
. I am a milkman, and live in Wood-street, Cromer-street, Gray's-inn-lane. On the 8th of January, I was carrying my pails, in Phillips'-buildings, Somer's-town, walking very slow, as my feet were very tender—I turned into Skinner-street, and there a man called after me—I turned and put my hand in my pocket, and missed my copper, I had about 2s. 6d.—I had 5 1/2d., left—I had it safe five minutes before.





JAMES PAYNE
. I am a butcher, and live in West-street, Somer's-town. On the evening of the 8th of January, I was at tea in my parlour, the door was open—my shop is in Phillips's-buildings—I saw the prosecutor passing, and the prisoner behind him, with one hand under his pocket, holding up the weight of cooper, and the other in the pocket—I ran to the shop-door and watched him—when he got near a gas-light he left him, and turned back—I went and laid hold of him, and said, "You scoundrel, what have you taken out of Balls' pocket?"—he said, "Nothing"—I called to Balls—the prisoner choaked me and held mu throat—we had a dreadful straggle—he got me down on the ground, and said he would marder me, and if he could not, his pals should—I still kept to him till the constable came, and took up the money, on the spot where I had seen him throw it down.

Prisoner. I had been drinking all day—I was never near the man—the Magistrate would not commit me because I was in liquor.





JOHN BOOTH
 (police-constable S 62.) I went to Phillips'-buildings, and saw the prisoner struggling with Payne—I took him into custody—he was charged with picking the pocket of Mr. Balls—Payne said there was his money. painting on the ground—I then secured him, and he threw me full three times to the ground—I then got up, picked up a quantity of halfpence in a heap, and put them into my pocket, without counting them as he struggled so violently—a woman picked up some more halfpence, and handed them to me—in all I had 9 1/2d. I was obliged to send for assistance, as the prisoner made great resistance, and with the assistance of a policeman and the by-standers we secured him—he had been drinking, but

was not drunk—the Magistrate fully committed him that night—another person brought 2 1/2d.—altogether 1s. was found.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
