





Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1776. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     ROBERTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of July
, 1 watch, value 30l.; 3 seals, value 2l.,and 1 key, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Cook
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JAMES COOK. I live at Hyde Park-corner gate. On the night of the 18th of July I had been dining with some friends at the Slaughter coffee-house, and I was, on my return, in Piccadilly


 a little after eleven o'clock at night; a friend, who had been with me, went for a coach, and I was waiting on the curb-stone to get into it; I felt a snatch at my fob - I called out Police! and Stop thief! and ran after a person whose back I saw; I missed my watch from my fob - the person ran about seventy yards up Titchbourne-street, and then I understand the watch was thrown away; he was the person nearest to me, and ran off directly - I only saw his back, but I never lost sight of him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BREEZE TUCKER
               



            . I was passing in Titchbourne-street, and heard an alarm of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running up the street; I attempted to stop him - he avoided me, and threw down a watch; I took it up.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me throw away the watch? A. Yes, on the pavement near the top of Titchbourne-street; I am sure you are the person.


                  FREDERICK 
                  JOHN GUY
               



            . I am a silk-mercer. I was crossing from the County Fire-office towards the end of Titchbourne-street; the prisoner was running and the witness pursuing him - he ran against me; the officer came up and took him; he took from his person a gold watch, and threw it down, with a view to throw it down the area of a butcher's-shop.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say I threw it on your foot? A. No; I said it fell on my foot, and Mr. Tucker took it up.


                  THOMAS 
                  JOSEPH WEST
               



             (Police-serjeant C 15). I was on duty at the end of the Quadrant; I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner the foremost person, running with great speed; I ran to stop him, and a person laid hold of him - a gentleman then came up with this watch in his hand.
Prisoner. I was not running, I was held by the collar - he came up and said, "What is amiss?" and it was said a watch was taken.


                  JAMES 
                  COOK
               



            . This is my watch.
Prisoner. You were in liquor, and not able to stand? Witness. No, I was sober; I never lost sight of you.
Prisoner's Defence. When he came to the office a man stood behind him, and told him what to say; one said that I threw it on some railings, and another that I threw it on his foot - I deny that I threw it, and they cannot say it with a clear conscience; the prosecutor had been to a party, and had his cargo of grog.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
