




1666. 




AGNES SPRIGHT
 and 



ANN CREW
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
14th of April, 1 bag, value 1d.; 7 sovereigns, and three half-crowns, the goods and monies of 



Andrew Moran, from his person.







ANDREW MORAN
. I am porter to Pickford and Co., and live in Compton-place, Brunswick-square. I was not acquainted with the prisoners before—I might have seen Crew before, but not Spright—I had been with Crew about a month before at the same house, No. 1, St. Pancras-place, Pancras-road—I left a Prayer-book behind me at the house—it was taken out of my pocket—I went afterwards and got it back—I saw Spright when I went for it—I had not seen her there before—I did not observe Crew there—I was sober when I went in—Spright sat by my side the whole time I was there—I sent out for half a pint of gin and a pot of beer, and she followed me out—we went to a public-house on the other side of the way, we drank there again, and I pulled out my money—I saw Crew in the public-house, and they both drank with me there—I took out my bag, containing 7l. in sovereigns and half-sovereigns, 3 half-crowns, and some other silver, and said, "I have got plenty of money, thank God"—Spright said they must be counterfeit—I said, "No, they are not" and put my bag into my pocket again—I got drunk after that—I went out of the public-house with Spright, but am not certain whether Crew followed—I came to myself between three and four o'clock in the morning, and found myself in some street in Somers-town, and my money gone—I do not know what time I left the public-house—I have not seen my bag since, and cannot swear to my money.





JAMES CHURCHYARD
. I am a policeman. On Sunday night, the 14th of April, I saw Spright in company with the prosecutor, about half-past nine o'clock, at the Friend in Need, Pancras-road—both the prisoners were drinking with him—I saw them cross the road twice during the night to the house where the prisoners live—Spright had hold of his arm—they were in that house some time, and about two o'clock in the morning there was a cry of murder there—I went in, and an old man said he had been robbed of 6s.—I took some parties in charge there whom he accused—it was not the prosecutor—I went back to search for the old man's purse and met the prosecutor coming out of the house—he said he had been robbed of 7l. 10s.—he had been drinking, but could talk and walk very well—he asked me to direct him to Compton-place—I did so—he said he would attend at the police-station in the morning—I met Spright a week after the robbery in Pancras-road, and told her I wanted her—she said Crew knew as much of it as her—I found some money on her—the bag has never been found.





JAMES RICE
. I am a policeman. On the 15th of April I was in Alton-street, Pancras-road—the landlord of the Brewers' Arms called me, and said two females and a man were drunk in his house—I told him to turn them out—he did so—Spright was one—she had a bundle, which fell and came open—I took her and Crew to the station-house—I found 2l. 10s. on them in gold and silver—knowing them to be prostitutes I suspected it was not right, and took them before the magistrate—they were liberated, and the property detained—a few days afterwards information of this robbery was given at the station-house—when before the Magistrate Spright said she found the money on Monday morning in Brewer-street, and that Crew was with her at the time—she said so in Crew's presence—that she picked it up in Brewer-street on Monday morning—this examination is signed by the Magistrate—I know his writing—(read)—"The prisoner Spright says, 'We both found it on Monday morning, and I picked it up' Crew says, 'I was with her at the time she picked it up.'"


Spright's Defence. On the 14th of April I saw the prosecutor at the corner of the court where I was standing—he asked me to have something to drink—we went to a house—he sent for beer and liquor, and we partook of it—we then went to the Friend in Need, and Crew came to us—we had more gin and beer—the prosecutor and I left the house and walked the street—he wanted me to go to his home; and told every body we met that I was his wife—I left him, went home, and went to bed—about two o'clock he came to the door—Mrs. Owen, who keeps it, refused to admit him—on Monday morning we both got up to get something to drink, and a little way from the court I picked up a bag containing 8 sovereigns—I went and bought the things which the officer has, went to a public-house and got drunk, and the landlord had us taken in charge with the clothes and money—on Tuesday morning we were taken to the office and discharged, but the property detained—the prosecutor had promised to come and see me on the Wednesday following—I met him in the street with the policeman, and he charged me with robbing him—that same night another man went to the Bull, Somerstown, and took Crew—I solemnly declare I found the money.

SPRIGHT—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.

CREW—


NOT GUILTY
.
