





2064. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               indicted for stealing, on the 14th of August
, 1 purse, value 1d; 1 sovereign, and 2 half-crowns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           George Robert 
                           Galloway
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  ROBERT GALLOWAY
               



            . I am a traveller
, and live in Marylebone-street. On the morning of the 14th of August I was coming home by the New-road


, a little after one o'clock, the prisoner met me, laid hold of me, and said, "My dear, will you come home with me;" she then put her hand into my pocket, and took out my purse, which had a sovereign and two half-crowns in it; I charged her with it, and she denied it; I was looking on the ground, and she threw the purse on a wall, intending, I suppose, to throw it over - I took it down; the two half-crowns were gone from it, and the two slide-rings off it - the sovereign was safe in the other end; there was another girl came, and spoke to her; I had felt the money safe a quarter of an hour before.
THOMAS BARNETT (Police-constable S 108). On the morning of the 14th of August I was in the New-road on duty, about half-past one o'clock; the prosecutor was holding the prisoner - he gave her in charge for taking his purse from him, and two half-crowns out of it - I found 1s, on her.
Prisoner. He said he had been drinking with two friends in the course of the day, and he had been talking to two women coming down the road.


                  GEORGE 
                  ROBERT
               



             GALLOWAY. I had not said a word to any woman - I was quite sober.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
