





1930. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     MYERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of July
, 2 coats, value 1l.; 1 jacket, value 10s.; 3 shirts, value 6s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 1s., and 1 pair of stockings, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Millan
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN MILLAN
               



            . I am the wife of William Millan; we live at No. 16, Old Gravel-lane


. The prisoner came there on the 24th of July, for a lodging; he slept there that night, and he went out at half-past eight o'clock in the morning, and came back at half-past ten - he said he was a little in liquor, and would I allow him to lay down, as he had to appear before his betters; I went up stairs with him to the two-pair room, and said I would advise him to pull every thing off but his shirt, and got to bed till twelve o'clock; I shut the window, and saw him pull off his coat and waistcoat - he had a dirty shirt on; I was down stairs washing - he did not stop till twelve o'clock, but I heard him run down stairs, and go out; he said, "I am so dry, I must go and get some drink"- a woman who was there said, "He must be dry indeed, to run out so;" he was about all the day, and was seen in a new shirt - he came in at night, and as I was giving him a candle, I saw he had two waistcoats on; I sent for my neighbour, and said he had robbed me - he got an officer, who found these things on him, which are my husband's; the other articles are still missing - he had a bundle when he ran down stairs.
Prisoner. The things I had on, I own I took when I was intoxicated; when I came to myself, I found they were not my things, and went back to return them. Witness. I am sure they were all locked up in a box, which was broken open; another person slept in the room, and they both breakfasted there that morning, but it was when he came back that he broke the box open, and the chips were thrown under the bed.


                  MILES 
                  RILEY
               



             (Police-constable K 224). I took the prisoner, and found on him these three shirts, two waistcoats, and a pair of stockings.
MARY ANN MILLAN. These are my husband's property, and were all safe in the box when he came to lay down.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you say it was nine days before you had seen them safe? A. A week before, I had the room cleaned; and on the Saturday I had the room dusted and swept again, but I tried the lids of the chests the day you came, and they were fast.
Prisoner. I am innocent of breaking open the chest; the things I had on I meant to return.


                  MILES 
                  RILEY
               



            . I found a knife on the prisoner, and some chips under the bed; he said at the station-house"I am very sorry for breaking open the chest."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
