





897. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BARTLETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, 1 sovereign
            , the money of 
               
                  John 
                  Pagelson
               




            , his master.
SUSANNAH PAGELSON. I am the the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Pagelson
               



            , a pastrycook and confectioner
, who lives in Whitechapel-road


. The prisoner has been in our service for two years; he had 1s. a week - he was with me on the 16th of March - at eleven o'clock that night I received a sovereign and locked it in my husband's desk; I went to bed, and all my servants were gone to bed - the prisoner went into the bakehouse, where he sleeps; he was an errand-boy - a little boy, who is here, was taken ill in the night; he went down, and saw a light in the shop - he looked in, and saw the prisoner; I got up at half-past six o'clock - the prisoner was then gone, and the desk had been opened, I suppose by a false-key, and the sovereign was gone - the prisoner had given me no notice of leaving.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SACKETT
               



            . I am errand-boy to the prosecutor. On the 17th of March, between one and two o'clock in the morning, I had to come down stairs - I saw a light in the shop, which rather alarmed me, but I looked through the kitchen window, and saw it was the prisoner; he had a candle close to my master's desk - I wondered how he got there, as the doors were locked; I tried them, and they were fast - he must have got up through a trap-door behind the counter; I went to tell my mistress, and when I came back he was gone, and the light also.
SAMUEL PRENDERGRASS. I am an officer. I took the prisoner in his master's house on the 17th of March - I searched him, and found 3s. 4d. in his jacket pocket; I then asked him if he had any more money - he said No, but on further search I found three half-crowns and three shillings in his coat pocket; I questioned him further, and he said he had been out for two hours.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the habit of turning off the gas, and that night I smelt it very strong - I pulled up the flap, and went down into the cellar; I found a vacancy- I went to try the burners; they were all right, and I went to bed again - I went out in the morning, and when I returned I was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
