






First London Jury - Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
1944. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     POWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of October
, 15 spoons, value 10l.; 2 pairs of candlesticks, value 3l.; 16 knives, value 20s.; 16 forks, value 20s.; 2 decanters, value 5s.; 7 shirts, value 2l, and 3 handkerchiefs, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Bernard 
                           Ogden
                        



                     
                  , her master; and 4 shirts, value 1l. 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Maude 
                           Ogden
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of William 
                     
                        Bernard 
                        Ogden
                     



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BERNARD OGDEN
               



            . I live in St. Mildred's-court


 - the prisoner had been my servant
 about six months. On the 9th of October, in the evening, she left without my permission - she had given me no warning; she did not ask for wages - she had money in advance; she had money every Saturday afternoon or evening - when she was gone I missed a great variety of articles, and traced them to some pawnbrokers.


                  EDWARD 
                  CALVER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Watling-street. I have a gravy-spoon, eight other spoons, nine shirts, two pairs of sheets, nine forks, a blanket, and other things, pawned by the prisoner at different times.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am foreman to Mr. Russel, a pawnbroker. I have some spoons, pawned by the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARCHANT
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner - I asked what she had done with her master's property; she put her hand into her pocket, showed me the duplicates, and said she did it through distress.(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 38.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
