






OLD COURT. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 11.
Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
88. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HARDWICK
                  




               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of December

, 2 bushels and 2 pecks of oats, value 9s., the goods of Sir 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Flower
                        



                     
                  , Bart
, his master
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JOB 
                     RUTHERFORD
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
MESSRS. ALLEY and ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.
SIR 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  FLOWER
               



            , BART. I reside at Hendon, Middlesex



. The prisoner Hardwick was in my employ, as carter
 - the Black Cap public house is in the way from Hendon to my town house in Russel-square; it was his duty to convey things there, and he had three horses under his care - he has been nearly two years in my service; I placed confidence in him till I saw my horses falling off and getting very poor, having before been very fine horses; one of them cost me sixty-five guineas, a year and a half ago - this excited my suspicion; I had always given the greatest plenty of the best corn for them - I generally bought twenty-five or thirty quarters at a time. On the 4th of December I was coming to town in my carriage, and on stopping at my house a Police-officer gave me information - I went to Battle-bridge station, and found Hardwick in custody, with my team; I did not hold out either threat or promise to him - I said, "Why, Hardwick, how could you be guilty of such a thing; the great wages you have, and the kindness myself and family have always shown you" - I told him what I had heard from the office that he was charged with; he said it was his first offence, and he hoped I should forgive him - I said I could not do any such thing, but after the kindness he had received I was astonished that he could do such a thing; he still begged forgiveness - I said I could not attend to it; I went before a Justice and he was committed - he had no authority to take any corn whatever out of his stable; the horses should be fed before they come out of the stable in the morning, and again when they go home at night - there was no licence for the carters to take any corn out of the stable; they take a bottle of hay - my house is ten miles from town - he had no authority to dispose of any corn of mine.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. I take it for granted you had a character with him? A. my bailiff attends to that - I never inquired about his character; I am a good deal in town, and seldom attend to the men - he always kept the key of the corn that was given out for the horses; the bailiff placed the corn in a particular bin, of which he kept the key - I believe the prisoner was going to Finsbury-square, with a load of hay, that morning; I believe his wages were about 18s. a week - it was 15s. or 16s., and hewas allowed 6d. a day to spend, and I generally tell my bailiff to give him a guinea at Christmas to make him comfortable; I did not threaten or promise him at all, but said I was astonished he could be guilty of such a thing.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Is a certain quantity of corn put into the bin for the horses? A. These two sacks he took himself from the waggon; he told me himself he took them and put them into the bin on the Thursday afternoon - when I went down to Hendon I had my corn measured, and after deducting a proper allowance for the horses, there were two bushels and a half deficient.
MR. LEE. Q. Can you take on yourself to say whether the horses had their corn that morning, or whether it was for them? A. I know nothing about it, but if they had had it there was that deficiency - he was not allowed to take the corn with him instead of feeding them in the stable, and I never knew it done.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I am an officer. About half-past eight o'clock in the morning of the 4th of December, I saw the two prisoners at the Black Cap, at Camden-town- there were four persons together, and a cart loaded with hay; I watched, and walked by them to the end of Park-street, which is about fifty yards - suspecting something, I waited a few minutes, and saw one of the four, I believe Hardwick, get out of the cart; I saw him pull up a sack of something from between two trusses of hay; it appeared about half full - he delivered it into the hands of Rutherford, the ostler, who was close at the side of the cart, and received it from his hands - he then went up the passage with the sack on his back; I ran as quick as I could, and just as he put it down off his back, at the corner of the building - I said, "What have you got here?" I then said, "Who does it belong to?" he said he did not know; I asked him what it was, and he said he did not know - I caught hold of the sack, and said,"Then I must know;" I brought it back to the cart, he walking before me - I then said, "Where is the carter?" and just at that time Hardwick came out of the public-house door; Rutherford said, "This is him;" I said to Hardwick, "Is this your corn?" he said, "Yes, it is;" I then said, "What was you going to do with it?" he said, "I was going to give it to my horses - they have not had any for these eight days, and as I was going to town I thought it would do them good;" I said, "What, all this, impossible! - here are at least two bushels of it;" I then untied the suck, in the presence of both the prisoners, put my hand down, and brought oats from the bottom of it - it was all corn; I tied it up, pulled out my staff, and said, "My name is Webster - I belong to Lambeth-street Office, and you must both consider yourselves in custody," and begged they would not go away; I asked somebody to go and get another officer, as I had from one hundred to one hundred and fifty people round me, hooting and hissing me; Rutherford said,
"I shall not wait for you - I shall go about my business;" he then went to the right side of the horses, took some hay from the cart, and began to feed the horses - I saw a man who I knew, and gave him the corn to take care of; during this time Hardwick walked up the passage - I followed him as quick as I could; I got looking into the different buildings for him, and in what I believe to be the stable, I saw a cask, with the head out - it was half full of clover chaff, mixed with a few oats; I came out of the building, and saw Hardwick coming out of the passage, towards me - I took him down to the bottom, and three or four Policemen came; I gave them both in charge - I then went to look for the corn, and the man I left with it said it was gone; somebody had taken it - I immediately ran up the passage, and within six paces of the stable where I had seen the cask, a man ran out with an empty sack on his shoulder - he got on a high wall, over some timber, and made his escape; I went back, examined the cask, and found it filled up with oats - I was examining the stable, and looking at the corn (the Policemen had let Rutherford go) - he came running up the passage after me, and said, "You have no business here - you have got no warrant;" he took me by the collar, and said, "If you don't go I will knock you down;" I said I knew perfectly well what I was doing - I then came out, and a young man said to Rutherford, "Knock him down - knock the b-r down;" I brought him down the passage again - Mr. Butt, the publican, said, "Don't take any notice of that man; he is only a busy meddling man - go to your horses, and take no notice of him:" I put my hand on Butt, and said, "Don't you meddle with me;" he said,"If you put your hand on me I will knock you down;" the ostler stood behind the cart - I said to the Policeman,"Take that man into custody;" he said he would not go; I took hold of him myself, and gave him to the Policeman- I said to Hardwick, "Now, wherever you are going with the hay, I will go with you;" I gave him into custody at last, then went to inform Sir 
               
                  Charles 
                  Flower
               



            , and got the oats; Sir Charles' name was not on the cart, but a gentleman in a gig told me it was his.
Cross-examined. Q. Do not you know it is very common for persons on a journey to leave packages at inns? A. Very - I do not consider this was the case here; chaff is very rarely given to horses alone at inns - the oats laid by themselves; there was not sufficient time to mix them; I am not certain that it was Hardwick who delivered the sack from the cart - I believe the corn found to be the same as I had given the man to mind; he is an old man, and I do not believe he saw it taken away - he is not here; he kept his eyes on me all the while - he said he did not know who took it, and which way he was gone; Rutherford certainly could have absconded - he followed me to interrupt me from going to the cask.
SIR 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  FLOWER
               



            . Hardwick was my carter, and brought the team to town at least five times a week, and generally every day - he always came by the Black Cap.
MR. LEE. Sir Charles has said his horses got out of condition - I ask him if he allowed them to go from his town-house, ten miles there and ten back, without food?
SIR CHARLES FLOWER. No, they had a bottle of hay, which is a truss.
Hardwick's Defence. When I got to Battle-bridge, Sir Charles Flower got out of the carriage, and asked how I came to do so - I told him that they had had no corn for eight days, and I was going to leave it at the Black Cap, to give it them when I returned; the bailiff can prove they had no corn for eight days - he told me to take two sacks into the stable.
Rutherford's Defence. He said to me, "I am come toleave some corn for the horses when they come back - they have not had any for eight days;" I never said I did not know what it was for - he told me when he took it out of the cart.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am the bailiff. I gave Hardwick two sacks of corn for the horses on Thursday, the 2nd of December - I shot them from his him; the robbery was on Saturday - there was quite sufficient for the horses; there ought to have been two bushels more in the bin, if they had had their allowance.
HARDWICK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
RUTHERFORD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
