





1297. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of June
, 1 purse, value 3d.; 1 half sovereign, and 1 half-crown, the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Wilmott
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JAMES WILMOTT. I live in Ropemaker-street, Moorfields, and have been a gentleman's coachman
, but am out of employ - I lived fifteen months with Mr. Brown, in France. On the 20th of June, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night I was coming from a friend's on Addlehill - I was sober; I went into Fleet-street, for a walk - I had left my friends about ten o'clock; I met the prisoner in Fleet-street - she came up and asked if I had any objection to go with her; I went with her to No. 5, Crown-court, Fleet-street


 - I was there about half an hour: I did not give her any thing - it was a friend of hers that I was with; I had met them both together - they said they were sisters; the prisoner asked if I objected to her going with us - her sister was sitting by my side on the bed, and as I turned to speak to her, the prisoner put her hand into my waistcoat pocket, where I had a purse, with a half-sovereign and a half-crown in it - I turned round, and she walked off with my purse; I got up, and said, "You have robbed me of my purse" - the sister got up, stood before me, and prevented my going after her; I saw the purse in her hand - she was taking my money out of it, and threw the purse on the bed; there were candles in the room - she was secured that evening.
Cross-examined by MR. BALL. Q. Were they not on the same bed with you? A. Yes; I was sitting on the bed-side - neither of them took off her gown; I did not promise them the half-sovereign for any thing - I had given the other 1s., and took out my purse to give it her; I am not married.
MARK ADAMS. I am a watchman. On the 20th of June I was on duty in Crown-court; this is a common brothel - I was called in by the landlord, about twelve o'clock, who said a gentleman up stairs accused a woman of robbing him - I went up; the prosecutor appeared to be sober, he said he had been robbed of half a sovereign, and accused the prisoner of it; there was another female in the room - he had half a crown in his hand out of the purse, and said the half-sovereign was taken out of the purse and gone, that he had found the half-crown and purse on the bed; the women undressed, in my presence, to satisfy me - the other had 1s., which he said he had given her; I said he had better give her into custody, and leave it to the decision of the night officer, which they all agreed to - I took them there and left them there.
JAMES CHICKELDAY. I was the night-officer. The prisoner and another were brought to the watch-house -Wilmott charged the prisoner with robbing him of a halfsovereign; I took her back and searched her, but could not find it - he made no charge against the other; she said to the other girl, "Oh, what a bother this is about this half-sovereign, you may as well tell," or something to that purpose - the girl said, "I know nothing whatever about it, you know I don't:" I had not done searching her before she (the prisoner,) said again, "Oh, if you go to the house you will find the half-sovereign under the mattress;" I went immediately, and on turning up the bed, on the mattress, I found the half-sovereign, which I have had ever since - the prisoner did not claim it.
Cross-examined. Q. This conversation was in the presence of Mary Madden? A. Yes; she said, "If you know where it is, give it up to him;" and afterwards the prisoner told where it was.
Prisoner's Defence. It is impossible that man could see my hand more than the other, we were so near together.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
