




720. 




WILLIAM KING
 and 



HANNAH KING
 were indicted for

 feloniously and falsely making and counterfeiting four pieces of false and counterfeit coin, resembling, and apparently intended to resemble and pass for four pieces of the Queen's current coin, called half-crowns.


THE HON. MR. SCARLETT
and
MR. CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.






DENNIS POWER
 (police-sergeant H 18.) About eleven o'clock, on the night of the 8th of February, I went into a chandler's shop, kept by James Wolley, and from information I received there, I was led to the Queen's Head—in consequence of information I received there, I went to No. 11, Bennett's-court—Bailey and Garby, two police-constables, were with me—it was between eleven and twelve o'clock—I knocked at the door of the house—the female prisoner answered the door—I did not know her before—I asked her whether a female lived there, named Hill—she said, "No"—I then asked her whether her husband, King, was within—she said, "Yes, he was"—I immediately ran up stairs, desiring the constables to follow me—my lantern was lighted—I went up one pair of stairs—the house consists of two rooms—I went into the room, and saw the male prisoner standing by the bed—he was then trampling on a white substance, which I could see under his feet—I endeavoured to take him into custody—he crossed the room as quickly as possible, and threw a handful of what I considered was half-crowns, into his mouth, from his right hand—I laid hold of him by the throat, and felt them distinctly in his month, and in the passage leading to his throat—I could feel distinctly that they were half-crowns—I could not form any idea of what number—I should say there were a great number—he was unable to utter a syllable, his mouth was so full—I did not get any of them out—he swallowed them—I called for Bailey to assist me—he came and held his hands—he was very violent, attempting to get away—he struggled hard, and while he was struggling the female prisoner entered the room with a lighted candle, which she immediately blew out, and said, "Oh, my God, we are done," or words to that effect—Bailey said, "He is reaching towards the fire"—he had at that time extricated his left hand from Bailey, and Bailey said, "He is endeavouring to throw something into the fire"—(the fire was low)—I looked, and saw him reach his left hand towards the fire—I let go of his throat, and told Bailey to hold him—he got his left hand from me, and passed something from his left hand to the right, and out of his right hand I took four counterfeit half-crowns, which I produce—Bailey said, "There is another at his feet"—I looked down, and saw him endeavouring to conceal a half-crown on the floor, with his feet—I took it from under his feet, and now produce it—I desired the constable to keep him in safe custody while I searched the room—he said, "You need not search any more, you have got enough to lag me"—I searched his person, but found

nothing else on him—I picked up the white substance which he was trampling on, and have it here—I searched, among other places, a drawer in a table, and found a small file, with a quantity of white metal in the teeth of it, as it is now—I then found two Britannia metal tea-spoons; and on the mantel-piece, a large tobacco-pipe, with a quantity of metal in it, and black, as if it had been in the fire—the male prisoner then said, "That will help to transport me"—I found a pair of scissors on the mantel-piece—I afterwards found a flour-tub in the room—on looking into it, both the prisoners stated, nearly with one breath, that it contained flour; but on examining it, I found it was plaster of Paris, in powder—I then went into the lower room, and found, in the table-drawer there, a sheet of glass-papper—I asked the male prisoner if he knew any thing about Hill—he said he did not—he said a man must do something for a living, and he might as well be transported—I told him not to say any thing more to criminate himself.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. Did he not complain of his situation being very bad? A. Yes.





WILLIAM BAILEY
 (police-constable H 104.) On the 8th of February, Thomas Fuller called me into his shop, and gave me a bad half-crown—Power, the officer, came in soon after; and, in consequence of what patted, I went with him to the prisoner's house—I have heard Power's evidence, and confirm what he has said.





JAMES GARBY
 (police-constable H 30.) I went to the prisoners house with the officers, and saw the articles found, and what took place.





MR. JOHN FIELD
. I have examined the stuff produced by the officer—it appears to me to be parts of a plaster-of-Paris mould, for the purpose of casting half-crowns—on three of the pieces there remains a small portion of the impression of the obverse side of a half-crown—I can trace some of the letters—here is "E, J, G, R, A," on one of the pieces, and "R, G," on another—I am satisfied it has been a mould for half-crowns—I have examined the five half-crowns, they are all counterfeit, and have all been cat in one mould—they are Britannia metal, a similar kind of metal to the teaspoons produced—the half-crowns are of the date 1818, and I believe this portion of the mould has been made from the same coin—this powder is plaster-of-Paris—the tobacco-pipe contains white metal of a similar description—this tin band is used to put the mould into shape—the roughness is taken off the coin with a file, and the glass paper is used after the file—the scissors would cut off the get which fills up the channel of the mould.

Cross-examined. Q. Are there any portions of the mould you can show to the Jury that they can distinguish the letters on? A. There are letters on it which they can distinguish.

Q. May there not be letters precisely answering to these on the coin of a foreign country? A. I cannot say that it is impossible—there are many coins without the words "Dei Gratia" on them—glass-paper is used in a great many trades.

MR. SCARLETT. Q. One part of the mould has part of the circle? A. There is part of the engrailed edge—the edge of the half-crown corresponds with it.

WILLIAM KING—


GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.

HANNAH KING.—


NOT GUILTY
.


Before Mr. Baron Bolland.

