



1447. 




KATE RIDDINGTON, alias
 Mary Smith

, was indicted

, for that she, on the 
30th of May, 1 counterfeit half-crown, unlawfully and feloniously did utter and put off to 



John Panlyn, well knowing it to be counterfeit; she having been before convicted of a like offence.


HON. MR. SCARLETT
and
MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution,





CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Mary Smith, for uttering counterfeit coin, in January 1834, at the Old Bailey—I examined it with the original—it is correct (read.)





WILLIAM CARTLEDGE
 (City-policeman No, 56,) I was present when the prisoner was tried and convicted in 1834—I am certain of her being the person—I was a witness—she was prosecuted by James Russell.

Prisoner, I am not the person. Witness, I know her person—she was remanded—Russell gave her into my custody for passing a bad half-crown—she was three times at Guildhall—I am certain she is the same person—she was tried by the name of Mary Smith—I saw her several times at the Compter.





JOHN PANLYN
. I am a broker, and live in Warner-street, Cold-bath-square. On the 29th of May, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to my house and bought a chamber utensil, which came to 9d.—she gave me a counterfeit half-crown—I did not know it to be counterfeit at the moment—I gave her 1s. 6d, and 3d, in copper change—about a quarter of an hour after she was gone I pulled out the half-crown—I had no other silver, and am quite certain it was what she gave me—I found it was counterfeit, and marked it, and put it on the parlour shelf—I afterwards gave it to the officer—next night, the 30th of May, she bought a blue and white water-jug, and offered me a bad half-crown—I knew her again, and told her she had given me a bad half-crown on Friday—she said she had never been in the street before—I gave her in charge, and gave both the half-crowns to the policeman Fryer, but not together—I had not mixed them with any other silver.

Prisoner. I only gave him one—that was on Saturday night—he took it to the shoe-maker's shop, next door, and he remained there for a quarter of an hour. Witness. I went to get my neighbour's assistance to take her—it was not to look at the money—I left my boy in charge of her—he laid hold of the side of her, while I went into the shop—when I came out, she said, "Give me my half-crown back, and I will give you another"—she was to give 10d. for the water-jug—I knew her directly I saw her—her face was dreadfully scratched, as if she had been fighting, and so it was the day before—I put the half-crown I took on Friday into my waistcoat pocket, where I had five sovereigns, but no silver, and shortly after a person came to me for 1s.—I pulled out my money, and there was the half-crown

—I immediately saw that it was bad, marked it, and put it in my room—the half-crown was not in my neighbour's possession.





JOHN FRYER
. I am a policeman. I received the prisoner into custody in Exmouth-street, from Panlyn, who gave me a half-crown, and next morning brought another to my house—I have had them ever since—Panlyn marked the first one in my presence—the second he brought was already marked.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of counterfeit coin. Both these half-crowns are counterfeited, and both appear to have been cast in the same mould.
(The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that she was at the house of Mrs. Massey, at Hackney-wick, from six in the morning till ten at night, and could not be the person who tendered the first half-crown, and that she was not aware that the one she tendered on the Saturday was bad.)




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
The prisoner was recognised as having been in custody at least twelve times.
