



1443. 




EDWARD SIMPSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of May, 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; the goods of 



George Alexander Knott, from his person.






GEORGE ALEXANDER KNOTT
. I live in Chancery-lane. On the 18th of May I was walking along the Strand, by Pickett-street, near Boswell-court, and felt a twitch at my pocket—I turned round, received information from a young man, and took hold of the prisoner, who was standing still, as I missed my handkerchief—he said, "What?" and directly ran up the court—he had heard the young man said that he had got my handkerchief—he broke from me, and ran up Boswell-court—he was pursued by Caley, and I followed, but he ran faster than I could—Caley caught him, without my losing sight of him—I have not found my handkerchief since.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had any time elapsed after your feeling the twitch at your pocket and Caley speaking to you? A. No—I turned round immediately, Caley said, "That is the man that has your handkerchief"—I took hold of him, and I never lost sight of him after wards, though he ran—if he had done any thing. I must have seen it.





CHRISTOPHER CALEY
. I was going along the Strand, from Fleet-street, and opposite the church, by Boswell-court, I saw the prisoner coming along behind the prosecutor; and when he came past me I saw him take the handkerchief out—he turned round and put it behind him—there was a lad standing close behind him, and a man behind him—I never saw the handkerchief again—I did not notice what became of the lad—I told the prosecutor, and ran after the prisoner and caught him.

Cross-examined. Q. It is a great thoroughfare, is it not? A. Yes, it is a large pavement—I had never seen the prisoner before—he is the man that took the handkerchief—I was about two yards from him—it was about half-past eight o'clock in the evening—I pursued the prisoner, and never lost sight of him.





WILLIAM HODSON
. I am a policeman. The prisoner was given into my custody in Drury-lane—I searched him, but found nothing on him.

Prisoner's Defence. I was standing by St. Clement's Church, looking at the clock—the gentleman stepped up and asked me for his handkerchief—I said I had not got it—the witness came up and said he saw me take it, and pass it to another man behind me, who passed it to an other man selling baked potatoes—I asked them to search me—I did not run—I had not walked twenty yards before the witness collared me again, and threw me down—I was taken to the station-house and searched.
(—Isaacson, bricklayer, Hackney-road, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

