





367. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, 1 watch, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Parker
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  SAMUEL 
                  PARKER
               



            . I am a soldier
. On the 24th of December I was in Palmer's-village, Westminster


, at a pub-house - the prisoner came in there between nine and ten o'clock; there were three more soldiers - a dispute took place about paying for beer; I went into the back yard for a necessary purpose, and they followed me - before I could button up my clothes I was knocked down several times, and then I missed my watch; the prisoner and the soldiers were then gone - this is my watch; I had seen it about an hour before, and felt it in my pocket while I was in the yard.



                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I am an officer of Queen-square. I received information on the 31st of December, and found the watch at Harrison's - I went and took the prisoner, and said I wanted her for a watch, and that a man was in Newgate for it; I said I should search her for the duplicate - she said I need not search, as it was burnt; I found no duplicate, except one for a petticoat - a bill was filed against Elder, a soldier, and the prisoner was a witness.


                  GEORGE 
                  KETTERER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Harrison, a pawnbroker. This watch was pawned by the prisoner, on the 26th of December, between eleven and twelve o'clock.
MATILDA WELLS. I lived with the prisoner at No. 7, Old Pye-street; she came home on the evening of Christmas-day between eleven and twelve o'clock at night; she had this watch in her right-hand - she said the young man was fighting, and she went between them and drew him of his watch - she went out the next morning, and pawned it for 3s.; she bought the bonnet which she has here for 1s. 9d., and the other money she gave the officer.
Prisoner's Defence. It was given to me by one of the soldiers.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
