



57. 




EDWARD LEE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of September, 561bs. weight of white-lead, value 1l.; 2 pots, value 8d.; 1 gallon of oil, value 3s.; 1 bottle, value 6d.; 1 gallon of turpentine, value 6s.; 1 can, value. 1s. 6d.; 1 piece of pumice-stone, value 6d.; 31bs. weight of putty, value 6d.; 1lb. weight of paint, value 1s.; 1 pan, value 1d.; 1lb. weight of red-lead, value 6d.; and 1 brush, value 3s. 9d.; the goods of 




Peter Broad.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





PETER BROAD
. I live in Tavistock-court, Covent-garden, and am an oil and colourman. On the 28th of September, the prisoner came to my shop, and said he had been recommended to me by a good customer, he was told I could supply him with colours on reasonable terms, that he had taken a house at No. 36, Fitzroy-market, and should want a considerable quantity of colours to paint—he gave an order for goods to the amount of 1l. 18s. 6d., to be sent at four o'clock that afternoon, as he said he should be in the way to return the money—the order was put up, and I sent Mark Coles with it, and a bill and receipt—this is the bill, the receipt has been torn off—I instructed Coles not to leave them without the money, but be returned without the money; and next day I sent my shop-man

and boy in search of the prisoner—I was in search of him till the 6th of November, when I gave him into custody.





MARK COLES
. I am in the prosecutor's employ. On the 28th of September, I carried these goods and bill, by my master's direction, to a person of the name of Lee, No. 36, Fitzroy-market—I got there, and found no such name—the landlady refused to take them in—I went to several other places, and was returning home, when I met the prisoner in Tottenham-court-road—he said "I am glad you are come, as I was just going home;"—he told me to go back with him to the market, and he pointed out No. 22, and said, "This is the house I have taken"—it appeared to be a house shut up—he said "Stand them down here, the landlady will not give me admittance till her husband comes home"—I put down the goods, and left them there—he produced a cheque, which he said he had got to go down to the City for, and he would call and pay my master at eight o'clock—I tore the receipt off the bill, and brought it back—I left the goods, and did not find him until he was in custody.

Prisoner, Q. Did I not tell you I could not pay you then, and not to leave them without you were satisfied? A. You pressed me all you could to leave them.





JOHN WOODHAM
. I life in Norris-street, Clare-market, and am a timber-merchant-in the beginning of October, the prisoner came to me and said he had got a little lot of paint to sell, and asked if I would buy it—I bought half a pot of white lead, and some oil and turps—he asked me 25s.—I gave him 18s. for it—he showed me this bill of the goods—it is Mr. Broad's bill.





SAMUEL MATTHEWS
, (police-constable F 29.) On the 6th of October, I went to Mr. Woodham's shop, and got this bill from him.





OLIFF GOODENOUGH
. I live at No, 22, Fitzroy-market. I do not know any thing of the prisoner—he was not living there on the 28th of September—I have kept the house for six years.

Prisoner. I know nothing of No. 22, but the goods were put down close to the shop of Mr. Goodenough, which I had taken.





CHARLES GOODENOUGH
. I know the prisoner. He took a shop of me the latter part of July or beginning of August, at No. 36, Fitzroy-market—he paid a deposit, but never completed his bargain—I had possession of the house on the 28th of September—he never was there—it is only a shop, and not a house—he was to take possession in October, but never had the key, nor ever went there to remain.




GUILTY
. † Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
