





220. 




JEREMIAH LEONARD,



 STEPHEN JORDAN
, and 




JOHN BAUMER
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
4th of December, 83lbs. of cotton wool, value 2l.; and 1 bag, value 3d.; the goods of 



William Wilson and another, the masters of the said 



Stephen Jordan.






SAMUEL HOLBROOK
. I live at No. 38, Bridgewater-gardens, Barbican, and am a basket-maker. On the night of the 4th of December I was in a room overlooking the factory of Mr. Plummer, in Golden-lane, at twenty minutes before nine o'clock—I observed a bag of cotton wool drop from the premises—the prisoner Leonard picked it up and put it on Baumer's back—it was dropped from about twelve or fourteen feet high into a court which leads into Golden-lane—after Leonard placed it on Baumer's back, I saw Jordan drop from the gates—I came down stairs to the door, and saw Jordan pass by me as close as eighteen inches—the other prisoners came by, and they joined company—I went out at my front door, down Brackley-street, and met Baumer with the bag—I gave him in charge of the watchman, and at that moment I saw Jordan standing opposite, in Golden-lane—I went to Mr. Plummer's directly.


Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What are you? A. A basket-maker. The back of my premises looks on the back of the prosecutor's warehouse—they are about eighteen or twenty feet from it, across the way, not more—it is a little to the left, not directly opposite—I suppose it is from nine to twelve feet to the left—I got the watchman to take Baumer—I saw Jordan standing on the opposite side at the time, but I could not take him, as I had the bag to carry—the watchman could not take the boy and carry the bag—there were people passing—I did not require their assistance—I knew Jordan so well, I knew I could take him at any time, if I wanted him—I did not say before the justice, that I knew Leonard because he wore a blue coat—I said he bad a blue coat with gilt buttons—I knew his person, but I did not know his name—I have nothing to get by this—I have no object but the mere purpose of justice—a sovereign was given to me before the magistrate by Mr. Plummer—there was no one in my company when I saw all this—the boy went down Ball-alley, into Golden-lane, and I went down Bridgewater-gardens—I lost sight of them three or four minutes—there were two gas-lights at the end of the court—it was a very clear night, not foggy at all—it was not what I call a foggy night—it was not so clear as it is sometimes—it was neither foggy nor clear—it was not a bright night—I could distinguish clearly what I have sworn to—I have had nothing more than a sovereign, nor do I expect any more—I know nothing of Baumer—I have seen Leonard before—I saw his face that night, I swear, and Jordan's face also—I know them by their faces and dresses—I told the magistrate I knew Leonard, by the blue coat which he wore.

Q. Did you tell the magistrate you knew him by his countenance at all? A. He never asked me, and it never occurred to me to say so—I said nothing about his countenance—I had seen him before in that same coat—I told the magistrate I had seen him before—I said I had seen both the prisoners before, and I said I knew them.

Q. Why then did you fix on the dress of a man as the meant of knowing him, rather than his person, which you knew before? A. I fixed on his person and dress too, and I did to before the magistrate—I told you I said so before the magistrate—I do not recollect telling you that I said before the magistrate that I knew him by his coat, and not by his countenance—I told the magistrate I knew his person—I meant both the prisoners, and I knew them both before—I did not confine my knowledge of them to their dresses, before the magistrate, I spoke to their persons as well—my deposition was read over to me—I cannot exactly recollect what it was—I do not know that I heard in the deposition that I knew the two men by their persons and clothes—I am sure I cannot recollect whether I described the two men as persons I knew before, or merely as persons one wearing a blue coat and the other a jacket—I never saw Mr. Plummer before in my life—I am not a pigeon fancier—I have not a trap at the top of my house—it is a mistake being at the top of the house—it is in a window—I do not deal in pigeons—my little boy keeps pigeons—I have not a trap to decoy them from other people—I have no trap at all, only what they go into themselves—I never found any pigeons in the trap except what the boy keeps—I never sold one—I never was out bird catching in my life—I have no shop, and very little stock—it is in the wholesale line—I am a manufacturer—other people work with me in the business—a shoemaker works in the room with me—I occupy the whole house—I supply the French warehouses, and have been in that employ thirteen

years—I did not meet any person as I went along from my own house to Golden-lane, to my knowledge—the foreman told me three months ago, to stop any body with a bag, if I saw them—I have been watching near about three months—I did not receive any thing for it—I swear I only received one sovereign, which was on the day I was at Guildhall—I had received nothing besides money—I had not agreed what I was to have if I took any body—I had received nothing at all—I was only looking for a quarter of an hour that night—I began to watch when the factory left off work.

Q. Tell us exactly the time this happened? A. At twenty minutes before nine o'clock, on the 4th—I looked at my clock down stairs as I went out—that would not delay me in catching the man, because it stood at the door—I noticed the time—I just looked at it as I went by—that was the time by Cripplegate church, and I keep my clock by that—I prosecuted a man in the New Court, about six years ago, for stealing a basket—I lived in Whitecross-street then—I hare been a witness on no other occasion—there is one other lodger in my house besides the shoemaker—there was no one in the room with me.





JOHN PLUMMER
. I am a cotton-manufacturer, in Golden-lane, Barbican, in partnership with William Wilson. This bag contains the description of cotton which I have at my manufactory—there are two doors to my store-room—one is locked, the other is a door which men go to, to fetch wool for consumption; that is not locked—that door leads out to the stable—Jordan was in my employ as a confidential person—he went to the premises in Golden-lane every morning and evening, and was trusted with a key which opened another gate, where the horse and cart come into the premises, and also the padlock of the store-room—Leonard is a wadding-manufacturer—he was in the habit of coming to our premises in Tower-street, to buy waste; but I never dealt with him at the manufactory—we never deal there at all—Baumer had been in the habit of coming there to fetch cotton, when Leonard had purchased it—we never sell any thing at the factory of any description—the cotton in the bag is worth upwards of 2l.

Cross-examined. Q. Jordan has been in your service seven years? A. No; he left for a short period—I suppose he was away about ten or twelve months—this cotton is not all the same—there are two sorts, American and East Indian—I have the same description of cotton in my store-room, and under the circumstances, I swear to it—the key that was in Jordan's custody hung in the stable which he has the whole and sole power over—two or three others have access to the stable—I have three confidential servants in my manufactory—they do not wear fustian jackets of the description Jordan has—his is cord—I received information from Holbrook—Jordan was not apprehended that night—he came to work as usual in the morning.





SAMUEL HOLBROOK

re-examined. Jordan must have seen me seize the boy with the cotton.





HENRY PLUMMER
. I am the brother of John Plummer. I was at the manufactory on the night of the 4th of December, until half-past eight o'clock—I fastened the premises up at half-past eight o'clock, which is the usual hour to leave—I left nobody on the premises—Jordan crossed the yard about ten minutes after eight o'clock, and I considered he was gone home—he did the horses up, and I went to see the stable door fast—he came about half way across the yard to go home, and I did not see him any more till next morning,

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known Holbrook any time? A. No—

he stated something to me—I never saw him before that time, which is two or three months ago—I never gave him any money, and never promised him any.

COURT. Q. On a previous occasion had he given you some information? A. Yes; and I told him if ever he saw any thing go out, to stop it.





ROBERT DYER
. I am in the service of Mr. Plummer. On the 4th of December, I left the factory with the foreman, Henry Plummer—we both left together, and locked the gate after us—I went back after the alarm was given, and missed a considerable quantity of one sort of cotton, and not so much of the other—I have looked at this cotton—there is more of one sort of cotton in this than another—I had seen the same sort of cotton on the premises—we lost this sort of cotton, and in the same proportions as found in the parcel.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known Leonard before? A. I saw him once before—I never saw his matter.

Q. Did you not drink gin with Leonard next morning? A. I drank in the house in his presence, not with him—I believe the officer paid for it—I had seen Leonard talking to our engineer that morning—there was no officer there then—I did not hear him ask any body why his boy was taken into custody—he was at the manufactory in Golden-lane—he came to ask why his boy was detained.

COURT. Q. Did you hear him make that inquiry? A. No; I did not hear him speak—I had seen him once before in the court leading to the manufactory—I met him passing up the court or down, I cannot say which.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did not he make inquiry in your hearing why his boy was taken? A. No; he did not.





JOHN HARDING
. I am a watchman of Cripplegate. On the night of the 4th of December, I took the boy Baumer with a bag of cotton on his back—he was given in charge by the witness—I asked where he was going with it—he said to Mr. Leonard's, his master—he said he had a note, but believed he had dropped it—I said, "I must take you to the station-house"—he dropped the cotton and said, "Then you may carry it yourself, I shall not carry it"—I took him to the station-house, and gave him in charge of Woods—I did not tee any other person at the time—Holbrook gave him in charge.

Cross-examined. Q. You told him, I suppose, that it was stolen? A. I did not—I asked him where he got it from—he said from Golden-lane, and that his master put it on his shoulder, and that it was Mr. Leonard.





ROBERT WOODS
. I produce the bag of cotton—I took Jordan into custody in Tower-street, at his master's, at ten o'clock on the 5th of December—I took Leonard in Golden-lane, about eight o'clock—I found him in company with one of the prosecutor's servants—I believe he was an engineer—I did not hear what was passing between them.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not he say he came to inquire why his boy was in custody; A. Yes.

Jordan's Defence. I went out of the factory at twenty-five minutes after even o'clock, and have witnesses to prove it—Mr. Plummer's brothers as in the yard, and if he likes to speak the truth, he will say so.





THOMAS SINCLAIR
. I am a milkman. I know the prisoner Jordan—about half-past eight o'clock, as near as I can guess, on the evening of the 4th of December, I was in Golden-lane—I went to the west end of the town and by the time I got from there, it was half-past eight o'clock—I had no

clock or watch—I met Jordan in Golden-lane about that time—I went up to the top of the lane, and stood talking to him a minute or two—we went into the Cock, and had a pint of beer, and stopped there till about nine o'clock—I cannot say to exactly a minute; I think, as near as I can guess, we were twenty minutes in the public-house—he was with me all the time—we parted when we left the public-house—I cannot say whether it had struck nine then or not.

COURT. Q. Did you know him before? A. I did—I did not know the name of the street he lived in—it was in Golden-lane—the Cock is at the top of Golden-lane, in Old-street-road.
(William Stoddart, builder, and William Sawyer, brickmaker, Hoxton, gave the prisoner Jordan a good character; and Charles Bannister, cow-keeper, Colchester-street, Whitechapel; Stephen Padley, Globe-street, Bethnal-green; John Turner, Fenton-street, St. George's in the East; Robert Smith, tailor, Club-row, Bethnal-green; Timothy Murphy, butcher, Bainbridge-street; Timothy M'Carthy, boot and shoe-maker, Whitechapel; and James Lloyd, silk-weaver, Weaver-street, Bethnal-green, gave the prisoner Leonard a good character.)

JORDAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.

LEONARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.




Transported for Seven Years.

BAUMER—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—



Confined One Month.
