



1375. 




FRANCIS FOOT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of April, 100lbs. weight of iron, value 5s., the goods of 




Edward Henry Chantler, in a barge, on a navigable river.






JOSEPH JOHN LEWIS
. I am a Thames police-surveyor. On the morning of the 11th of April, I was in Guildford-street, Southwark, and saw a boy assisting the prisoner with a bag on his back—I went towards them—the prisoner threw the bag down and ran away—I pursued and brought him back—I looked into the bag, and saw it contained this iron which I now produce—also some iron rollers and other iron—I asked where he brought it from—he said he had taken it or picked it up (I am not certain which) from Bankside—this was at eight o'clock in the morning as near as could be—he told me he was going to sell it either in the Mint or in the Borough—Mr. Sutton came up while I was standing along-side the prosecutor's barge, and said, "This fencing was torn from the front of my house"—I walked up to Mr. Sutton's, and found the rails had been torn out, and the iron fencing corresponded in colour and size, with the pieces of bars in the bag—this iron roller was in the bag, and I found some similar to this on board the barge, which is Mr. Chantler's, and was about 100 yards from Mr. Sutton's railings.





EDWARD HENRY CHANTLER
. I had a barge lying at Bankside, on the Thames, near the shore, under the wharf. I cannot say whether I had such a roller as this on board—I have no other piece like it—there was a quantity of iron in the barge—I cannot say whether the roller was there.





JAMES BENBOW
. I am an iron-founder, and live at Bankside. On Sunday morning, the 10th of April, I was by the side of Mr. Chantler's barge—I took particular notice of this roller being on the head of the barge—I had some thought of buying it, and when it was shown to me again I was positive it was the one I saw on board the barge—the policeman and I looked over the iron in the barge, and found another roller like it, but I can swear this one was in the barge on Sunday morning—I did not see the other roller on that occasion—I noticed this particularly on the first occasion.

Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Lewis met me, and asked me where I was going—I said, to the corner of St. George's church, and a man gave it me to carry—I was to wait there till the man came—he said, "You must come with me, that iron is stolen"—I gave him the bag and ran away—he then took me to the office—he did not take me near Mr. Sutton's house—he took me in a boat, and rowed me up the river, and then down to the Thames Police—he took me down to Barelay's brew house and down Park-street—Mr. Sutton said at the office, that the fencing came from the front of his house, but he did not see me before.






JOSEPH JOHN LEWIS
. Mr. Sutton saw it by the side if the barge at Bankside.





JOSEPH SUTTON
. I saw it there, but I did not see the prisoner at the time.

Prisoner. He took me to the Thames Police, and then said he would go down and make inquiries—a lad of the name of price was taken with me, and he could say that he never showed it to any body till he got to the office—it was 600 yards from the place that I was taken.





ROBERT PRICE
. On Monday, the 11th of April, about eight o'clock, I was passing Park-street—the prisoner was sitting on the seat of public-house—he asked me to give him a life up, which I did—the officer and a gentleman came up and took us—I was taken up the river and then down below to the office—I went on with another officer down Park-street, and to Horse-shoe-alley-stairs—the prisoner was behind—whether he stopped or not I cannot tell.




GUILTY
.* Aged 15.—


Transported for Seven Years. (There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
