





159. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November
, 80 lbs. weight of bacon, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Jacob 
                     Roberts
                  




               
            .


                  JACOB 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I keep a chandler's-shop
, at Hanworth, about three miles from Hounslow


, and sell beer. -On the 12th of November the prisoner, with four or five more, came to my house, between five and six o'clock in the evening: they were all gone before seven - four of them went away first, and left the prisoner and two others behind; after the last three were gone I missed a fitch of bacon, which had hung against the wall, near the shop door - I had been backwards and forwards, waiting on my customers; I got a warrant next morning, and went to the prisoner's house - he lodged very near me; he has a wife and two children, but there was no one at home - I went into the garden, and found the bacon in a sack, buried, about three inches deep - I knew it to be mine; some had been cut off, and fried in a pan - the fat was in the pan; this hock does not belong to the flitch, but it was on the same hook from which the fitch was taken.


                  THOMAS 
                  WHITTINGHAM
               



            . I went with Roberts, and we found the bacon as he has stated, buried in the garden.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of it - I found it in my garden, and there is a road by the side where carts and waggons pass; any one might get on the mound into the garden.


                  JACOB 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I did not see the prisoner leave my house; I think 3 lbs. or 4lbs. had been cut off, and the pan had recently been used for frying bacon.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
