





752. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     VIMPANY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of April
, 1 pair of boots, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Eliza 
                     Jones
                  




               
            .
ELIZA JONES. I am single
, and keep a haberdasher's shop
 in Stockbridge-terrace, Pimlico


. On the night of the 3rd of April I missed a pair of woman's boots from my window, which I had seen safe five minutes before.
JAMES NICHOLLS. I live in Webster's cottages, Westminster, and drive a cab. I was at Stockbridge-terrace on the evening of the 3rd of April - I saw the prisoner come out of the prosecutrix's shop, with a pair of ladies boots, which he gave to another boy, and they ran off; I gave notice of it; I am sure the prisoner had them.
Prisoner. He is a thief himself; he told me to go and take the boots - I would not, and he went and took them - because we would not give him any of the money, he said he would tell of me. Witness. I had never seen him before.


                  STEPHEN 
                  SAMUEL SHEPPEY
               



            . I lived at Mr. Jones, a pawnbroker. On the 3rd of April these boots were pawned, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, by 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Cryer
               



            , in the name of Perry.


                  GEORGE 
                  SPOTTISWOOD
               



             PECK. I am an officer. I took the prisoner in his father's house, on the 4th of April; he told me where the boots were pawned; I took the prosecutrix there, and she identified them.
ELIZABETH CRYER. I live in St. Alban's-mews, and am a flower-maker. I was going out on an errand, and met the prisoner, who asked me to pawn the boots - he said they were his mother's; Taylor and Harris were with him.
JAMES NICHOLLS re-examined. Q. How came you not to stop him? A. I knew he had not got them, for he gave them to another boy in a fustian jacket.
Prisoner. He took them, and gave them to me. Witness. I did not - I was in the middle of the road.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            *. Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
