





1317. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  WELLS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of June
, 1 watch, value 22l.; 2 seals, value 8l.; 1 ring, value 1l., and 1 watch-guard, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Toth
                     




                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
GEORGE TOTH. I am a furrier
, and live in Wilderness-row, St. John, Clerkenwell


 - the prisoner had been about three weeks in my service. On Monday morning, the 7th of June, about nine o'clock, I went out, leaving him at home alone; I told him to clean the windows, and I should soon be back - I had not given him leave to go from home, and expected to find him there on my return; I left a watch hanging on the left-hand side of the window - he was in the room; I returned in about an hour, and he was absent - the door was unlocked, and my watch gone; it was gold, and worth 22l. - I paid that for it - it was quite new; there were two seals worth 8l., a ring, and guard -I have not found any of the property - I went with a Police-officer to look for him the same day, but did not find him; I went next day with the officer to Deptford - there was a fair there that day; I found him at the fair on a donkey; and gave him into custody - I said nothing to him nor he to me.
Cross-examined by MR. CARRINGTON. Q. Of what does your family consist? A. I am single - he was my only servant
; I am only a lodger - my landlord has a wife and three children - he lives in the house, and keeps it; a person named Kemp works for me, and was at the house that morning - she went away before me; I have other work people, but nobody else was there that morning while I was at home; if they had come they would be in my part of the house; Kemp's brother is a Police-officer; I never lent the watch to her.
JOSEPH PLUMMER. I have known the prisoner some time. On Monday evening, the 7th of June, I went with the Policeman - I had heard of the robbery: on the Tuesday afternoon, about twelve o'clock, I went by myself into old Fleet-market, and met the prisoner: I said, "Charley, have you been home yet?" he said Yes; I said, "You have stolen your master's watch?" he said, "Go on with you;" I asked if he had pawned the watch, and if he had, to give me the ticket - he said he had not pawned it, but sold it, but he had not got the posh (which means money) yet; I wished him to come home with me - he would not; I then told him the Policemen were after him, and if he would come home with me, and give his master his property, he would not be hurt; but if not, his master said he would prosecute him; he said it was a lie - I told him his mother was fretting about him; he said, "Tell my mother not to fret, for I am going out of town, and shall not see her any more;" I asked if he was going to give me any thing to drink; he said, "Don't I tell you I have not got the posh yet;" I said, "Well, Charley, when shall I see you again?" he said, "You won't see me any more, for I am going out of town;" he said, "Good bye Joe;" I said, "Good bye Charley;" that is all I recollect.
Cross-examined. Q. You understand what posh means very well? A. Yes; I live with my parents; I was never turned out of doors by my mother for bad behaviour; I have been in the workhouse, and left there suddenly - I was never in the Penitentiary, nor in custody.
WILLIAM EDMEADS. I live at No. 53, St. John-square, and know the prisoner. On Monday morning, the 7th of June, he came to my house about a quarter-past nine o'clock, and told me he had got a place for me as errandboy at a bookbinder's in Long-lane - I was out of place, and left my mother's house with him; when I got out, he told me he did not mean that, but that he had left his master, and if I had a mind I might go after that place; I went with him down Benjamin-street and Peter-street, Saffron-hill he told me to go on; I waited for him at the end of Holborn for about five minutes, and then he came to me again - we strolled about together, then went down to Deptford to see the fair, and staid there till six o'clock in the evening, returned home together, and slept at a peppermint shop in Field-lane; got up at four o'clock in the morning, strolled about till ten, and then I waited for him in old Fleet-market till about two - he then went away, and came to me again; he told me he had been to his aunt's, and gave me 15s. to mind for him; he said I might spend some of it if I had a mind; I asked where he got it; he said, "Never mind that;" we went on the road to Deptford again, and met a boy by the Halfway-house with a donkey - we paid him 4 1/2d. for halfpenny rides till we got almost down there, and then paid him 2d. to go to Deptford - he had just entered the fair on the donkey when he was taken; I had about 13s. of the money then, and I walked away.
Cross-examined. Q. He made no attempt to run away? A. No; he was taken off the donkey.


                  GEORGE 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On Monday, the 7th of June, about seven o'clock in the evening, I heard of the robbery, and in consequence of information on Tuesday I went to Deptford fair; the prosecutor went the back road, and I the high-road, that if either of us met him we might secure him - the prisoner's father, Mr. Wells, went with me; I found the prisoner in the fair about half-past five o'clock that afternoon - the prosecutor had then joined me; I had been round the booths, and when I saw the prisoner he was in the hands of Mr. Toth, in a booth, where we had agreed to meet - he was delivered to me, and I asked him if he knew me - I had my private clothes on; he said he did not - I told him I was a Police-constable, and must take him in charge; I brought him to London, and between Rotherhithe and Deptford he wanted to walk quite alone- I said, "No, you can walk with me, but it will not be seen that you are a prisoner - you can take hold of my arm - he then said to me, "If I was to tell you where the watch is, will you let me go?" I had before that asked if he had got his master's watch - he said No; I said I could not let him go if he told me where it was,and when we got to the foot of Tooley-street there was a great crowd - I said, "You must now let me take hold of your arm;" he said, "If I tell you where the watch is, shall I be hunt?" I said it would be best for him to hold his tongue, for I could not render him any assistance - I said if the watch was found, in all probability it would be better for him; that was all - I searched him at Deptford, and asked what money he had - he said he had none at all, that he was very hungry, and wanted something to eat, but I found two half-crowns and a sixpence on him - I said, "How did you get possession of this money?" he said he had borrowed 9s. of a boy over Blackfriars-bridge - I asked who the boy was; he said he did not know, but he used to be acquainted with him, and did not know where he lived - I found 10s. 6d. on Edmunds, which I have here.


                  GEORGE 
                  TOTH
               



            . He had been a very short time in my service, and had 9s. 6d. wages - I do not think he had any money when he left me, because his father told me he gave him his wages on Saturday.
Prisoner. I am innocent.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not in a dwelling-house
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
