



69. 




FREDERICK COOPER
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Henry Churchill Lovegrove, about the hour of two o'clock, in the night of the 
26th of October, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 3 half-crowns, 18 shillings, 9 sixpences, and 2528 pence, his monies.






HENRY CHURCHILL LOVEGROVE
. I am a licensed victualler, and keep the Golden Ball, King-street, Snow-hill. I shut up my premises about half-past eleven on Sunday night, the 26th of October—I was one of the last persons up—I am sure I fastened all the doors and windows, and every thing safe—I fastened the parlour door, and took the key up to bed with me—a person could open the street door from inside the house, but I am sure I fastened it—I was called up about two o'clock, by the bell ringing—Godfrey, the night-constable, alarmed me—I went downstairs immediately, and found the cellar door broken open—it appeared as if it had been wrenched by a person being within the cellar—I had locked and bolted it myself, the last thing before I went to bed—I missed money to the amount of about 12l. In silver and copper—the prisoner frequented the house daily—I saw him there that Sunday until between nine and ten o'clock—he had been drinking there, and paid me

for what he had—I missed him, but do not know when he went out—there were other persons drinking in his company, that night, and all at once I missed him—the company remained some time, and I could not get some of them out of the house—it kept my house open three quarters of an hour later than it would have been—I knew one of them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What time did you miss him? A. About ten o'clock—he was in the habit of constantly frequenting my house as a customer—I did not know where he lived.





JAMES CONNOR
. I am a watchman of St. Sepulchre's. On the night between Sunday and Monday, I was on duty—I found the door of the Golden Ball open, about ten minutes after two o'clock on the morning of the 27th—it was just ajar—I called to Ryan for assistance—I saw nobody till the very moment Ryan came up to my assistance—I then saw a person, who I have not been able to take, rush out of the door of the Golden Ball—he got past me—I endeavoured to stop him in Fox-and-knot-court—he pushed me to get past me—I went after him, and lost sight of him in the court—I had attempted to collar him, but he was too quick for me—he did nothing to me—as I returned back the rattle was sprung by Ryan; in coming back up Fox-and-knot-court, Ryan cried out, "Stop thief"—and the very moment I heard that, I had my stick in my hand, and made a blow at the prisoner at the bar, who was running past—I did not hit him, but he hit me with some weapon, I cannot say what—he knocked me down, and my nose was broken—I was laying down till Ryan came and helped me up—I have known the prisoner fifteen years, and am quite certain of him—I had seen him at the Golden Ball that Sunday evening, and told him to go home.

Cross-examined. Q. Was not you rather frightened? A. I was not—I was not able to move when I got the blow on the nose—I was bleeding when I went after him—I have been a watchman four or five months—I called out, "Never mind, Ryan, I know the prisoner"—I spoke to Cooper myself—I addressed him by name, "Frederick Cooper"—he did not make me any answer—I have been in London twenty-six years—I have been in trouble myself twice; the first time for providing a situation for a person to go abroad, as cuddy-servant, and he was found a lunatic afterwards—I was in prison a few days, as he came upon me for the money he ha given me to procure the situation; the second time was for taking the wrong person, and I was put in gaol because the magistrate fined me 1l.—Mr. Laing and another gentleman, at Hatton-garden, fined me, and I was sent to the House of Correction—I was never in prison for stealing—the first time I was in Giltspur-street, and then Cooper was there—it was seven or eight months ago—as soon as the prisoner was committed, he gave me a dangerous kick, and said, "You——, I will do for you."





MICHAEL RYAN
. I am a watchman of St. Sepulchre's, I remember, the night between Sunday and Monday—an alarm being given by Connor—I went down Fox-and-knot-court after the robbery was committed—I sprung my rattle—before I did that, I saw a man come out of the Golden Ball—it was a considerable time before I sprang my rattle—he walked leisurely out, and turned round Fox-and-knot-court—he went away—I turned round to secure the door, then sprang my rattle, and put my hand back to draw ray truncheon, and by the time I dropped my rattle, I was struck with a violent blow, and knocked down on my left

side—the person who knocked me down appeared to me to walk lightly—it appeared to me that he had no shoes on—he had a pair of trowsers on, and a sleeve waistcoat—I saw him turn round in the same direction as the first man had got away.





GEORGE GODFREY
. I am inspector of the watch. I was sent for to the Golden Ball on this night—I found the two watchmen there—I examined the premises—there were no marks on the house door—it had not been forced—I found the cellar door inside the house had been forced, apparently by a crow bar, by the marks on it—I found no outer cellar door forced—I found a crow-bar in the parlour, corresponding with the marks on the door—they had been made on the door in the cellar—I suppose the person had been in the cellar, and forced the door open—there is no mode of getting into the cellar from the street, no door or window opening outwards—they must have been in the cellar previous to the door being shut—I found this shoe in the parlour, where the crow was—I tried it on the prisoner's foot—it fitted him exactly—I called up the landlord—Crawley apprehended the prisoner next morning—he had shoes on then.





WILLIAM KEEL
. I saw the prisoner in the tap-room of the prosecutor's house on that Sunday evening at five minutes before seven o'clock—he had shoes on his feet—he was drinking with four more persons—I had known him for some time using the house, (looking at the shoe,) and noticed his shoes—he had a pair on exactly like this, with silk laces, and crooked seams across the instep.

Cross-examined. Q. There was nothing remarkable in the shoe, except the seam? A. No; I have seen him wear the shoes ever since he had used the house—I live with Mr. Lovegrove.





WILLIAM TYLER
. I am sixteen years old. I was sitting at Mr. Lovegrove's house on the Friday before the robbery, and the prisoner was sitting on a form in the corner of the passage which leads down to the cellar—he had some beer, drinking—I saw nothing in his hand—I saw in a slip that went down the side of his pocket, an iron thing, with a hook to it—it was a little way out, and I attempted to pull it out—it was like the crow-bar produced—it had a turn up at the end like this—it was all iron—when I attempted to pull it out of his pocket, he said, "Halloo! what are you doing?"—I was there on Sunday, and saw him, but did not see the iron then.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see the whole of it? A. No; only part—I saw the crooked end.





GEORGE CRAWLEY
. I am a policeman. I saw the prisoner the day after the robbery in the Golden Ball, when I apprehended him—he had shoes on—I was present when the shoe found was tried on—I asked him where he slept on Sunday night—he said, at his sister's, in Peter-street, Sun-street, Finsbury—I went there, and she denied his sleeping there at all.

Cross-examined. Q. You saw him at the prosecutor's on Monday? A. Yes, between one and two o'clock—I said I wanted him for the robbery—he made no remark—I took him out of the house—he did not attempt to escape.

Prisoner's Defence. Does it stand feasible I should go there on Monday with a basket of eels, if I had done the robbery?





WILLIAM HITCHINGS
. I am a weaver, and live in Half Moon-street, Bishopsgate-street. The prisoner is my brother-in-law—I saw him on the night of Sunday, the 27th of October—I saw him go to bed—I saw him

on my stairs going to bed about twelve o'clock; I saw him come home—I had not seen him in the course of the evening—my wife had gone to bed at half-past nine—the prisoner went out about seven o'clock next morning—he and I went together to Billingsgate, to buy eels—my wife went and saw my boy over to his situation over London-bridge—she did not see the prisoner go out next morning.

COURT. Q. How came you up so late that night? A. The prisoner came to me, and said, "If I should stay out longer than my time, will you admit me if I come at ten o'clock?"—I said I would—I was not up—I got but of bed to let him in—I had been asleep—I went to bed at ten or half-past ten o'clock—I had a candle burning in my front room, where I slept with my wife and family—I have an eight-day clock, which stands about five or ten yards from my bedstead—I think the candle was in the fire-place—when I let the prisoner in, I took the candle, and I saw no more of him—I did not look at my clock to see the time, but I heard the watch-man going past twelve, after I got in bed—a Mr. Turbot lives in the house, and sleeps up one pair of stairs—I sleep in the two pair—I consider he must have been very late that night when he came in; but I cannot say—I was in bed when Turbot came in, and got out of bed to let him in—the house is a lodging-house, and the door is left open, and we can hear any body coming up stairs—I did not go down stairs to let Turbot in—I gave him a light on the top of the stairs, when he came to my door—I did not say I went down stairs.





CHARLOTTE SCOTT
. I am a widow, and live in Queen's-head-court. The prisoner is my brother, and lodges with me—on Sunday night, the 26th of October, I was in bed very early, and never saw him till the Monday.




GUILTY of Larceny only. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Baron Bolland.

