



690. 




THOMAS BROOKS
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of January, 501bs. weight of wool, value 9l., the goods of, 



William Miller Christy and others his masters; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. BODKIN
conducted the Prosecution,





EDWARD HENRY BURRIDGE
. I am an officer. On the 25th of January I was called to Messrs. Christy's—I there saw the prisoner—in conesquence of some facts that had been communicated to me, I asked him where his residence was—he said he had no regular residence—I said, "If You are an honest man, you would have no objection to tell where you live"—he said, "I shall not say more about it," or, "I shall not tell you"—I went to No. 9, Princess-place, Great Suffolk-street, the same day, between two and four o'clock, with a search-warrant.





SAMUEL HAYNES
. I am a drawer of carding engine. I know the prisoner perfectly well—he lived at No. 9, Princess-place, Great Suffolk-street—I have seen him there, and dined with him there—he occupied the ground floor—it is a little cottage—there it only one room below.





JOHN PRITCHARD
. I am a carman. I know the prisoner—I knew he lived at No. 9, Princess-place, Great Suffolk-street—he told me he lived there.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. When did he tell you so? A. I should think about two months since.





ELLEN CALLAN
. I know the prisoner by sight, as a neighbour—I live at No. 15, Princess-place—I have seen him go in and out of No. 9—he appeared to live there—there are no lodgers there.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you not seen many other men going into that house? A. Yes.


MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you know Pearson? A. I know him, but not by name—I saw him standing in the dock—he had two sons living with him and his wife, or a person that passed for his wife.





EDWARD HENRY BURRIDGE

re-examined. I went to No. 9, Princess, place, and I knocked—I was not admitted—I got in at the window, and I saw a person there who I believe to be the prisoner's wife, and a young man that I believe to be his son—the house consisted of two rooms, one up stairs, and one down—I searched the house—the woman accompanied me—she showed me the first-floor room as well as the ground floor—I found a quantity of wool in a ticking, and then some done up in different parcels, and most of it in a very damp state—here is the whole of the wool—there axe as many at eight or nine different sorts of wool, I believe—I found some papers folded up with wool in them—these are them—they were done up as they are now.





WILLIAM ELLIOTT
. I superintend the carding engine at Messrs Christys', and I had the care of the wool—the prisoner was employed there under me—he had access to the wool there—this is a mixture of wool and coney wool—it is German wool and rabbit wool—Messrs. Christys' had such wool in use constantly—this is red wool, South American wool—they had some of that sort—this other is mixed German wool in a prepared state, they had some of that—this other is a sample of mixed English wool, washed but not carded—they had such as that—we are constantly exporting it—it is quite wet from the washing—this is a mixture of German wool, and three torts of rabbits' fur, which is a mixture I believe no other house in the trade uses—I never heard of any house keeping it in a similar way—this is used in low priced hats, a hat of about 10s. or 12s.—I have been with Messrs. Christys' twenty-two years, and about twenty years in this department—looking at the whole of this wool I have not the least doubt but that is their property—the name of the firm is William Miller Christy, and others.

Cross-examined. Q. Are there not several other large firms on the other side of the water? A. There are—they may use the same description of wool, but I think not the same mixtures—but I believe there are no houses that prepare their mixtures in the way this is done—we have several hundred workmen, not more than six or seven are acquainted with the mode of mixing the wool—the wool is not always imported by Messrs. Christys it it purchased in the market—it first comes to my hands, I deliver it to the washers, and they to the carders—there are three washers—Brooks and five boys are the carders—it should then come to me—it is dressed and placed in the premises—this sort is taken from the carding room to a building opposite, and weighed out into the bodies of hats, or sent away in the bulk—as soon as it is discharged from the carding engine it is put into use—we have no particular repository for it before it is put into use.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Is wool, after it has been carded, at all the subject of ale in the trade? A. Yes—Messrs. Christys sometimes sell it after it is dressed—wet wool is not the subject of sale or use.





JOHN BELLAMY
. I am an officer of Union Hall. I got this certificate of the prisoner's former conviction of felony, from Mr. Clark's office—the prisoner is the man (read.)




GUILTY
.*Aged 47.—


Transported for Seven Years.
