







NEW COURT. MONDAY, FEBRUARY 18TH.
Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
581. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BURTON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HARROLD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of January
, 1 great coat, value 20s
            ., the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Upchurch
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  RUSSELL
               



             (Police-constable N 22). On the 31st of January, about a quarter-past twelve o'clock, I saw the prisoners and another man in the turnpike-road Upper Holloway


; I saw a fish-cart going along, and a drab great coat on it; I saw Harrold cross the road from his companions, and as he passed the back of the cart he pulled the coat - he then crossed again to his companions, and in crossing, he pulled the coat again - they then all crossed, and Harrold pulled the coat quite down, and they all run away; I called to the driver of the cart, and pursued - they saw I was gaining on them, and dropped the coat about one hundred yards from where they had committed the robbery; I went with another officer and apprehended the prisoners in Maiden-lane.
Burton. Q. Can you swear I was with them? A. Yes, I am positive of that, though he had disguised himself as much as possible - when I saw him first, he had a frock-coat open, a blue apron under it, and a comforter inside - when I took him, he had his coat buttoned, and the apron and the comforter outside.


                  HENRY 
                  WILLIAMS
               



             (Police-constable N23). I saw the prisoners on the 31st of January, as I was standing at Holloway turnpike-gate; they had another person in company with them - they passed me, and in a short time I saw Russell running with a coat on his arm; I followed with him and took the prisoners in Maiden-lane, close to 
               
                  Belle 
                  Isle
               



            ; when we took them I sent the other officer for the coat to the turnpike-gate, and when I got Burton within sight of the gate, he said,"Oh, it is the coat, is it!" I had not told him what I tock them for.
Harrold. He stated that he lost sight of us, then went back to the carman, and asked if he had lost a coat; Maiden-lane is two miles and a half long, and is it likely we should have got so far? Witness. It is about a mile; I saw them about a quarter of a mile from where the coat was taken.


                  THOMAS 
                  DENNIS
               



            . I am a labourer. I drive a cart for 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Upchurch
               



            , of Hitchin. On the 31st of January I had this coat on the cart - I am sure it is it.
Burton's Defence. The other prisoner, whom I had not seen for three years, asked me to go with him to Highgate, and then I told him I knew a nearer road home; we crossed over into Maiden-lane - the two officers jumped off a bank a hundred yards off; they looked in our faces, and took us into custody.
BURTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
HARROLD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
