





384. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DARBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously forging a bill of exchange for 25l., purporting to be drawn by R. H. Duff, upon and accepted by Watson and Co., army-agents, Charlotte-street, payable at Brown and Co.'s, Abchurch-lane, with intent to defraud 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Brook
                        




.
SECOND COUNT, for uttering the same.
TEN OTHER COUNTS, for forging an acceptance to the said bill, and uttering the same, with an intent to defraud different persons.
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  MARY 
                  ANN BROOK
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Brook
               



            , of Foley-street, Fitzroy-square


, a corn-dealer
. I know the prisoner perfectly well, as a customer. On the 27th of July, 1830 - he was in my husband's debt 35l.; he came to our house that day, in my husband's absence - he said he came to settle his debt - he was then living in Edward-street, and was a baker
; it is about three-quarters of a mile from our house - he gave me 10l. in money, and this hill; he asked me if I thought Mr. Brook would have any objections to take the bill; I said, "I should think not, if it was a good one; I know no reason why he should not" - he replied, "As for the bill being good, it is as good as the Bank of England - all the parties are highly respectable;" he said, "You see the acceptor is Watson, the army-agent, of Charlotte-street, Portman-place" - I had heard of such a person; he pointed to the name of G. Carew, the endorser, and he said, that was the person he took it of; I gave him credit in the ledger while he stood there, for the bill and cash, that settled his account, and 5s. over was the interest on the bill - between that time and the bill becoming due, he got into our debt 81l. odd, and paid 12l. of it - we gave him credit to a larger amount, on the belief that this was a genuine transaction.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. How long did your husband deal with the prisoner? A. I do not know; he used to fetch goods away and pay cash for them; I never took a bill from him before; I did not know that he kept more than one shop; I never heard the name of Chesney mentioned till he was at the office - he did not say Carew had been represented to him as respectable; but said the bill was as goods as the Bank - (bill read.)


                  JOSEPH 
                  BROOK
               



            . I am a corn-dealer. On the 27th of July, 1830, when I came home, I received this bill from my wife - I thought it genuine - I called on the prisoner two or three days after; he asked me if I liked the bill - I said I did, as I found the acceptors very respectable persons; I had not inquired of the acceptors as to its genuiness, only of the respectability of the firm - he said they were the parties who bad accepted it, and he was sorry he could not pay me money, as he was forced to take that bill in part of money, from 
               
                  George 
                  Carew
               



             - he said Carew had taken it of Duff, and that they were all respectable persons - and he knew all the parties very well; I parted with him, and paid the bill into my banker's, Sir 
               
                  Claude 
                  Scott
               



             - it was returned to me on the 17th of September; it was due on the 16th, there was then written on it, "No knowledge of acceptor" - I went, I think, on the same day to Darby, in Edward-street, Regent's-park, and told him the bill was returned, as having no knowledge of the acceptors; he said that was very strange, but that Carew was out of town, and Duff was with his regiment - that Carew would be in town in a few days, and he should be able to settle the bill; he then said that Carew lived in Edward-street - I think he said it was No. 3; I will not swear he said No. 3, but the house he then told me Carew lived in, I swear I went to; he said Duff was in the second regiment of Life Guards - I found the house in Edward-street he referred me to, and found no such person as Carew lived there; I went to several houses, but could hear of no such person - there was then about four houses at one end of the street, and five or six more at the other end; the other houses have been built since; I went to three or four at the end he described to me, and made every inquiry about the neighbourhood, but could not find Carew - I then made inquiry about Duff, and could not find any such person; I afterwards took the bill myself to Watson and Co.'s Charlotte-street, Portland-place, and learnt that it was forged; before the bill became due, I had given him credit to the amount of 80l., and received 12l. of it; I gave him that credit on the faith that this bill was a genuine transaction - he is now in my debt 96l. 8s. 6d.; he lulled me on for several days before I suspected anything - I could have apprehended him, but did not think that he had any thing to do with it - I had not discovered that there was no such persons as Carew and Duff; at the end of six or seven days, I went to look for the prisoner, and found his shop shut up, and could not find him - I saw his son; I have never seen him since, till I apprehended him in the Corn-market, in December last; I never saw him in the Corn-market during that interval in my life, nor ever in the New-road; I never saw him nod his head to me there; when I took him, I said "I have never seen you since you left your shop in Edward-street, since you gave me that bill, which turned out to be a forgery" - he said, "Walk alongwith me now, and we will settle it;" I said, "I can't run after you now" - I got an officer, who took him.
Cross-examined. Q. How long had he dealt with you? Perhaps two or three months? A. I never heard of his having three shops - he never mentioned the name of Chesney to me; I knew he was doing business in Regent's-park barracks; he had a bakehouse there once - he never told me Chesney had told him Duff belonged to the 17th Light Dragoons - I never heard Chesney's name; I attend the Corn-market once or twice a week, but never saw the prisoner; since his apprehension, I have heard that he was carrying on business in Blackman-street; I saw him three or four times after the bill became due, and lost sight of him some time before quarter-day.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you ever hear of the prisoner from the time he left his shop till you took him? A. Never.


                  GEORGE 
                  BARKER
               



            . I am clerk to a notary. I presented this bill for payment on the 16th of September, 1830, at Brown, Tanson and Co.s', No. 32, Abchurch-lane, bankers; there is no other Brown and Co. in the lane - the answer I had was, that they had no knowledge of the acceptor; I noted the bill, and returned it to Sir 
               
                  Claude 
                  Scott
               



            .
Cross-examined. Q. Did you go to every house in the lane? A. No; I do not think there are above thirty-five numbers - I went to a great many, as I knew Messrs. Watson, and was surprised at the answer; I could find no Mr. Brown.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FRANCIS WATSON
               



            . I live with my father, William Watson, an army-agent, No. 60, Charlotte-street, Portland-place - he had lived there thirteen or fourteen years; there are no other Watsons, army-agents, living any where in London - a list of army-agents is published under the authority of the Secretary at War; I have examined that- I accept bills for my father; and sometimes my father does so - no other person was authorized to accept bills in 1830- this acceptance is not in the hand-writing of myself or my father, nor of any person in his employ; my father does not bank with Brown and Co, Abchurch-lane; I know nothing of Mr. Duff, the drawer, or Carew, the endorser.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you do business for the 17th Light Dragoons, or 2nd Life Guards? A. No; I do not know an officer named Duff - nobody of that name did business at our house; Mr. Brook presented the bill to us in 1830 - I do not think it was before it came due.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When he called, did you tell him it was a forgery? A. The last time he called I did - if genuine, we should have paid it.


                  JAMES 
                  MEE
               



            . I am cashier in the house of Brown and Co., bankers, Abchurch-lane; Mr. Watson does not keep cash at our house, nor did he in 1830 - I have been in the house about fourteen years; they never kept cash at our house during that time, nor have we had customers of that name for the last seven years, in London.
COURT. Q. Have Brown and Co. lived in Abchurch-lane the fourteen years you have been there? A. Yes; I never heard of any other Brown and Co. there during that time.


                  SARAH 
                  WILD
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas Wild, and live at No, 7, Edward-street, Regent's-park; I formerly lived at No. 6; the numbers in the street have been altered; No. 6 was formerly No. 3; both 6 and 7 are shops - I lived at No. 6 two years ago next February; I never knew any person named Carew living there; I never had a lodger of that name who used formerly to come from the country - it was a shoe-shop; I have lived in the street seven years; I never heard of a person named Carew living there.
Cross-examined. Q. When did you leave No. 6? A. It was No. 3 two years ago, when I lived there; it was a lodging-house - we had the first floor; there were four families in the house - I was acquainted with them all.
COURT. Q. Was there any family named Carew? A. No; for I let the lodgings, and must have known.


                  THOMAS 
                  PLAYFORD
               



            . I am a corporal in the second regiment of Life Guards. I have been in the regiment upwards of twenty years; during the last seven years no person named Duff has held a commission in that regiment.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know any body of that name? A. I do not; I do not know the officers of the 14th Hussars.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you examined to ascertain if such a person was in the regiment? A. I am the regiment clerk, and have examined the books; there has been no Duff in the regiment, either a commissioned officer or not.


                  THOMAS 
                  DEVEY
               



            . I am beadle of Aldgate ward. On the 10th of December I received the prisoner in charge from Mr. Brook, who charged him with uttering a forged bill; he said, "Mr. Brook, you need not give charge of me - if you will step on one side, I will make it all right;" Brook said he should do no such thing, and told me to do my duty; the prisoner said it was very hard and very strange of Mr. Brook; that he had an opportunity of seeing him several times on the Corn-market, and on one occasion he met him in the New-road, and he nodded his head to Mr. Brook, who nodded to him again; I found twenty or thirty cards on him.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say "I am surprised at this - I thought the bill had been paid?" A. He did not, nor did he say, "I must pay the bill, because I know I am liable to it."


                  JAMES 
                  FELL
               



            . I am chief clerk to the Magistrates of Marylebone-office. I produce a book, in which I took notes of the examination of the prisoner; I took down what fell from his mouth; neither threat nor promise were made to him - he said, "I am in the habit of dealing with Mr. Brook; the bill came into my hands through Mr. Chesney, of Carnaby-market - he took it of Duff; Chesney said,'You may rely on its being good' - I gave him 10l. and the residue of the bill; he did not endorse it - I did not request him to do so; I paid it to Mr. Brook - I have repeatedly seen Mr. Brook since;" this was on the 11th of December - On that day week he was again examined, and said, "I unfortunately did not get the man Chesney to endorse the bill - the man that paid me the bill."
The prisoner put in a long written Defence, stating that at the period in question he was in the habit of supplying 
               
                  John 
                  Young
               



            , of Drury-lane, and Thomas Chesney, of High-street, Bloomsbury (since deceased), with bread - that he had discounted the bill for Chesney, taking 15l. which he was indebted to him, and that Chesney had represented that he had received it from Duff, an officer of the 14th Hussars; that he disposed of his businessthe latter end of October, on account of the Insanity of his wife, with whom he retired into the country, among her friends, and in twelve months returned to London, took a situation in Wheeler-street, and subsequently went into business in Blackmoor-street.


                  JOHN 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I have been a Sheriff's officer - I am out of any thing now: I have ceased to be a Sheriff's officer for two years. I sold bread for the prisoner at No. 166, Drury-lane till the end of October, or the beginning of November, 1830; I knew a man named Chesney - he lived up by Carnaby-market, and was selling bread for the prisoner in the same way as I was, between St. Giles' church and Tottenham-court-road; he died in the Marshalsea prison six months ago - I know this bill of exchange; I have seen it in the hands of Chesney - he brought it to me to discount it for him about the month of June, 1830, I think, but I cannot be sure; we were very intimate at the time - he was at my shop almost every day; he told me if I would get it discounted for him, that it was drawn by an officer in the army, accepted by an agent, and made payable at a banker's; I told him when he called on me a second time I could not do any thing with it - his answer was, that he could get Mr. Darby to do it, but he owned him 15l., and he was afraid Darby would stop the 15l. out of the bill; this bill is exactly in the same state as when shown to me.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you a Sheriff's officer, or a follower? A. I was an officer's man two years ago; before that I was an officer - I had some business of my own, and took it to what officer I liked: I have had a sufficiency to maintain me for the last twenty years - I have ceased to be an officer five years - I may go to Serjeant's Inn three or four times in a Term; I never hired sham bail; I have hired persons to put in bail above, when I was an officer - they had half a crown each.
Q. You say this bill was in the same state when you saw it in Chesney's hands? A. Yes; I was examined before the Magistrate - I have not said that Carew's name was on it then; I was looking at the body of the bill - I do not know whether Carew's name was on it or not when I saw it in Chesney's hands; I might tell the Magistrate that that name was not there when I saw it - I do not know that it was not there; I swore at the officer that it was not, and it was not - I paid the prisoner so much out of every loaf; I sold on my own account - I kept the shop; I had a halfpenny out of every quartern loaf, and sold two hundred a day, perhaps; a man named Williams lived in the house; Chesney sold in the same way, as far as I knew - there was no name over either shop - Chesney was about a twelve months at the shop, and left about October, 1830; I sold for the prisoner till the beginning of November - I saw Chesney about three weeks before his death; he lived up by Carnaby-market, and he lived there when he was selling for the prisoner, and before the prisoner left off business - I should suppose the prisoner knew where to find him; I did not hear the bill was forget till the prisoner was apprehended - I have not seem Chesney with the prisoner since 1830; he could be found at any time before he died - I know he was in the Marshaleoa a long time before he died; I did not know Duff - Chesney told me he was in the army - I have not been arrested for the last ten years- I saw the prisoner in Wheeler-street once or twice in 1830; Chesney lived in Carnaby-market till he was taken to the Marchalsea, but he was out in the country, and he told me he had been hopping; I swear I sold bread on commission for the prisoner in October, 1830 - I do not think he left his shop in Regent's-park before the 29th of September - I think I sold bread for him after that.
MR. BARRY. Q. Are you sure you sold bread for him in October? A. I am pretty sure I did; I remember his disposing of his business in Edward-street - his wife was out of her mind at that time, and went into the country to her friends; I saw the prisoner in the Corn-market early in 1831 - he used to call on me when he came to town; I had no reason to suppose he was keeping out of the way -I did not know 
               
                  George 
                  Carew
               



            ; if the prisoner had asked me where Chesney was, I could have told him, but not in 1831, when he was hopping.


                  CHARLES 
                  CROZIER
               



            . I am serjeant-armourer to the 1st regiment of Life guards - I live in Clarence-street, Regent's-park; I lived there in 1820, and the latter end of 1830 - I know the prisoner very well; I remember his leaving his shop in Edward-street some time in October- I believe his wife was not in her right senses at that time; that was the reason of his going away - I saw him afterwards in the neighbourhood he called on me for some money I owed him - he called only once; I saw him many times after - he was seeking for a shop, or something to get his bread there; he went round to collect debts due to him.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you know Chesney? A. No; my duty is to clean the arms - I knew the prisoner as a neighbour; I was pretty well acquainted with the neighbourhood - I did not know 
               
                  George 
                  Carew
               



             living there; the 2nd Life Guards sometimes quartered at our barracks - I never heard of Captain Duff; the prisoner's wife was in the habit of coming backwards and forwards to our house till within a week of his leaving - she generally came alone.
Q. Where did the prisoner go to in the country? A. He said he was going to his father; he expected to be able to do better for his family, as his friends lived there -I do not think I saw his wife after he left, till within the last week she was at my house; she appears to be in her right senses now - I do not know that any doctor attended her; I knew she was not in her right mind from the way she addressed herself to my wife - I knew they did not live comfortable together on account of her mind; I cannot swear that he did not leave his house before the 29th of September.
MR. BARRY. Q. Are you satisfied, from your observation of his wife that she was not in her right senses? A. That is my opinion.


                  JAMES 
                  WARREN
               



            . I am a cheesemonger and live in Portpool-lane, but did live at No. 31, St. Mary-street, Hampstead-road, when the prisoner became a lodger of mine, which was in the middle of October, 1830 - I had known him a very little time before; he brought in some furniture, and was there about six weeks; he took his family into the country, but always boarded with me when he came to town - his family were with him just when they came in; he was there in July following, once or twice a week (July 1831) - Mary-street is near Regent's-park.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You are sure it was in October,1830? A. Yes, quite; about the middle I think, but am not positive - I cannot swear he did not come before the 30th of September; Mary-street is about seven minutes' walk from Regent's-park - he remained six weeks before he took his furniture away, and he came backwards and forwards till July - I do not think he was away four days together from October till July; after his furniture was gone he slept next door, and boarded with me - he carried on no business in town; he was backwards and forwards in the country on business - when he went into the country he did not come home for two or three days; he never told me he had received a forged bill from a man named Chesney - his family went into Suffolk; they were about six weeks in my house, but his wife was not with them, till the day he took her to the country - he has four children; I went to St. Pancras parish for a strait-waistcoat for his wife in October, 1830.
Q. On your oath, did he not come to you before the 30th of October? A. Not to my knowledge. I once saw his wife and she was almost delirious; that was about the middle of October - I do not know Carew; I knew the prisoner when he lived in Edward-street - he came to my house from there; his brother married my wife's sister - I never heard him talk of Chesney, nor of Duff; I do not believe he was ever away seven days together, for if he went away, he left word that if any body wanted him he should be in town in three days - I cannot swear he did not come to me before the 29th of September; he brought his goods to my house about seven o'clock in the morning.
MR. BARRY. Q. Had you reason to believe he was avoiding or shunning any body? A. None in the least - I went round the neighbourhood with him to collect debts.
COURT. Q. From the time he came to you, till July 1831, did you know him to be baking bread to supply persons? A. I cannot say I did; if he had I think I should have known it.


                  JOHN 
                  HILL
               



            . I am a carpenter and builder; I live in Clarence-street, Regent's-park. I was the landlord of the house which the prisoner kept in 1830 - he left about the middle of October, after quarter-day, but I cannot say the exact day - he attended his business regularly, and paid me my rent.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you ever see Chesney in his company? A. I never heard the name, nor of Carew or Duff; I know he left after quarter-day, because the person who took the house after him, paid me the rent directly he took possession - the prisoner had a lease from me for ninety-six years, I first heard of him giving up the lease in the middle of October, soon after he left - he had given me no intimation of it, but I saw the shop shut up - I know he had just left, for only one house parted us, and I used to see him frequently every day.
MR. CLARKSON to 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  CROZIER
               



            . Q. Was not you out of town with your regiment, when you say you saw the prisoner after he left? A. No, my regiment left in July, 1830, and staid out of town twelve months - I was in the habit of seeing him after that; we removed from Regent's-park barracks in 1830, to Knightsbridge - I was at Windsor from 1831 to 1832.


                  FRANCIS 
                  DRAKE
               



            . I sell flour on commission. I have known the prisoner ten years - I have been in the habit of attending the Corn-market for the last twelve months; during that time I have seen the prisoner there regularly twice a week - he kept a shop lately in Blackmoor-street, Clare-market, for about twelve months; I kept the same shop seven years ago - I have sold him flour at the shop within the last ten months.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was his name over the door? A. I do not think it was; I land flour at Boy's wharf - I am agent for Mr. Elder of Romford, Essex, who has a mill at Bromley; I do not know Aylet and Co., surveyors, of Newgate-street - I think I have heard of the name; I never knew the prisoner dealing for them - I was in the habit of supplying the army with bread; I knew the prisoner by his keeping a shop near the barracks - he kept what is called a second rate shop; I knew the 2nd Life Guards, and served them for ten years, at times - I did not know Duff; we did not know much about the officers; I knew one Playford - I cannot say I know Chesney or Carew- I think I have heard the name of Duff, but cannot tell.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRAY
               



            . I am a baker and flour factor, in Mark-lane. I have been in the habit of attending the Corn-market for the last twenty years; I have seen the prisoner within the last ten months, regularly there, once or twice a week -I knew of his keeping a shop in Blackmoor-street; I have dealt with him.


                  JOHN 
                  COLLYER
               



            . I am a baker, living in Poplar-row. I attend the Corn-market - I have seen the prisoner there once a week, and very often twice, for the last ten months, attending regularly in the open market.


                  SUSANNAH 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am a married woman, and live at No. 2, Little George-street, Hampstead-road - I knew the prisoner's wife in 1830; I knew her in Edward-street -I recollect their leaving it; she was insane - I attended her, and was in the house to do every thing; the prisoner used to attend to his business - I do not remember Mr. Brook calling there; the prisoner did not sleep at home.
Six witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
             of uttering Aged 39. 


               Transported for Life
            .
