



1841. 




WILLIAM WILKINSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of July, at 
St. Luke, Chelsea, 1 oz. of tobacco, value 6d.; 5 sovereigns,. 1 half-sovereign, 2 half-crowns, 32 shillings, and 7 sixpences; the goods and monies of 




James Edmonds, in his dwelling-house.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.
ELIZABETH EDMONDS. I am the wife of James Edmonds, who keeps a beer-shop in South-street, Kings-road, Chelsea. On the 10th of July, about eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to our house for a pint of beer—a female followed him in, who called him uncle; a coachman was in the room, who said he was a pensioner, and had been to receive his pension—the prisoner took out some half pence to pay for his beer, and there was a sovereign amongst it—he asked if he could have a bed, and I told him he could—he then went away—he returned about a quarter past eleven o'clock, apparently tipsy, but I think he was not so—he said, "Is this the John Barleycorn?" I said, "Yes"—he said, "Did you not promise a bed?"—I said, "Yes, but I did not expect you so late—he said, "Can't I have it?" I said, "Yes," and went up stairs to get it ready—he Was' to have it for 8d., and he went to bed—my husband came home a little after twelve o'clock, and had his supper—he took the money Out of the till, and I stood by him while he counted it, and, as we always do; he put it into a little box, ready for me to take up stairs, where we keep it at night—there was 7l., 10s., 6d.; it was five sovereigns and a half-sovereign in gold, and the rest in silver—the box was put on a little shelf in the bar, Where there was a jar of tobacco papers—my child cried, and I went up stairs to it, and did not take the box with me as usual—my husband did not bring it up with him—I got up about a little after six o'clock next morning, and went into the bar—I found the box, but the money was gone—I missed five or six papers from the tobacco jar—I found the door of the house open, and the prisoner gone—there was nobody sleeping in the house but my husband myself, my children, the prisoner, and a little pot-boy—I gave information to the police, and went with Smith to Oxford-market, where we found prisoner, and took him into custody—I saw some papers of tobacco, which were of the same description as those we lost—I thought them to be the same—the policeman compared the writing on the papers with one that Was left in our jar—the prisoner did not purchase any tobacco of us that night Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is your husband here? A. No; he cannot leave the house—the pot-boy is twelve or thirteen years old—he was abed and asleep—he is not here—we had only been in the house about a week or eight days then—we put the money we receive in the day into the till, and take it out at night to take up stairs—the prisoner did not take supper with me and my husband—I saw him drinking—he has lost one hand—he said he thought he should have to go away early in the rooming.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was he dressed like a Chelsea pensioner? A. No—the pot-boy went to bed before me—the prisoner said he wanted to see my husband, as he believed his brother was in the same regiment.





JOHN SMITH
. I am a policeman. I went with the prosecutrix to Oxford market on Tuesday, the 11th of July—we found the prisoner standing in the front rank of the pensioners, waiting to go in to receive his pay—she

pointed him out to me, and I took him into custody—I searched him in an inner room, and found on him six sovereigns, two half-crowns, twenty five shillings, six sixpences, and 7 1/2 d. in copper, and four printed papers of tobacco—I took one of the papers of tobacco to the landlord, I got a paper from him, and compared the two—I saw him bring the paper from the bar, on the right side as you go in, where he told me the money was taken from—the prosecutrix was by—on comparing the two pieces of paper, they appeared to have formed one, to be torn one from the other—these are them (producing them and putting them together)—there was no tobacco in the paper the landlord gave me, but there were other papers similar in the jar.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you find any half sovereign on the prisoner at all? A. No—I went to Acton, and searched his room (he told me it was his room) and found 12l. in his box.

MR. CLARKSON.Q. Was the description he gave you of the room at Acton the one you went to? A. He told me he lived in Friar's-place, Acton, and the landlady's name, and it was right—I found a pair of new braces on him.

MRS. EDMONDS
re-examined. I think there was almost 30s. in silver among the money we lost—I handed the piece of tobacco paper to my husband which he gave to the policeman—I got it out of the jar—the tobacco had been taken out of it before—I had seen the jar almost the last thing the night before—the papers of tobacco are sent to us ready done up.
(George Shoulder, contractor for the Great Western Railroad; Samuel Francis, labourer; James Massey, well-digger, of Acton; and Thomas Ashley, a labourer; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 50.—


Transported for Life.

First Jury before Mr. Recorder.

