








OLD COURT. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
155. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GREGORY
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ALLISON
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     HILLIER
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  BROWN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of October
, 1 iron bill, with a wooden handle, value 1s.; 1 hatchet, value 1s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s., and 1 knife, value 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Cook
                  




               
            .
WILLIAM COOK. I live at Ruislip


. On the night of the 4th of October I lost these things from my tool-house, which was locked; I found the door broken off the hinges in the morning - Gregory is a labourer, and lived at Ruislip; I do not know the other prisoners.


                  JOHN 
                  BIRCH
               



            . I am a constable. On the 4th of October the prisoners came to Uxbridge, and were committed under the Vagrant Act; these tools were found in their possession, and given to me.


                  JOHN 
                  LARKIN
               



            . I am a farmer, and live at lckenham, close to Ruislip. On the 4th of October, a friend said some suspicious characters were lurking about my premises, and he thought they wanted my poultry; about three o'clock in the morning my wife was awoke by the dog barking - I got out of bed, went to the window, and could see one person in my yard, going into my barn; I then saw another - I said, "Halloo! what do you want there?" they said, "We want to lay down here," and that they had come from Pinner; I said, "If you move a step I'll blow your brains out;" I put on my breeches; my wife went down and opened the door - I went out, and the two stood just inside the barn; I said, "How many of you are there?" he said, four - I sent for a constable, who came and took them in charge; it was the prisoners - there was another man outside, with a sack on his back; we found a knife on Gregory, which he claimed, and on the way to the cage he threw the knife away; my boy picked it up - I went to my barn, and close under where they stood, found this hatchet, and next morning the bill-knife, four skeleton-keys, and this glove, all close to where they stood; it was not in the barn over-night - the magistrate committed them as vagrants.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BALL
               



            . I am a constable. I found a knife in Gregory's hat, which the prosecutor claims.(Property produced and sworn to.)
GREGORY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
ALLISON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
HILLIER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.







               Transported for Seven Years
            .
