



2018. 




GEORGE COLSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of July, 1 boat, value 3l. 15s.; 2 sculls, value 5s., the goods of 



Benjamin Joseph Spedding, and another: 66l. bs. weight of rope, value 4s., the goods of 



Richard Beard: 10l. bs. weight of rope, value 6d., the goods of 



Edward Wood: 28l. bs. weight of rope, value 2s., the goods of James Heighington, and another; and 22l. bs. weight of rope, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 



James Wilson.






JAMES WARD
. I am partner the of Benjamin Joseph Spedding—I do not know the prisoner—we have lost a boat and two sculls—these are our sculls.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYME. Q. When had you seen them? A.

The evening before—I do not know that it is the custom to borrow boats, and bring them back.





JOSHUA JUDGE
. I am a Thames police surveyor. On Thursday, the 13th of July, between five and six o'clock in the morning, I went and found a boat with "Spedding and Co." on it, with a quantity of rope on board it, which had been cut—this was on the side of Chamberlain's Wharf, in the parish of St. Olave's, Southwark—Mr. Spedding lives in Pedlar's-acre, near Westminister-bridge—this is the rope that was found in it—it is what is called head-fasts—I left Bartlett in the boat to watch, and he brought the boat and the prisoner to me.





GEORGE ROGERS
. This rope is my master's—I had seen it safe on Wednesday evening the 12th, between eight and nine o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Where had you seen it? A. In the Sally Barge cabin, which was moored off Purfleet Wharf, Earl-street—it is the property of Richard Beard—I know it by the splicing on it.





ALEXANDER TOUGH
. I am a lighterman in the employ of Mr. Edward Wood. I have seen part of a head-fast, which is my master's property—I saw it safe on Wednesday night, between nine and ten o'clock, at Northumberland Wharf, Strand, fastened round a pile, to a barge—I can swear it belongs to Mr. Edward Wood.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it? A. By my employer's name written on a piece of linen—Northumberland Wharf is hardly a quarter of a mile from Mr. Spedding's—it is across the water—one is at Westminister-bridge, the other at Hungerford—one in Surrey, and the other in Middlesex.





JOSEPH ALCE
. I live at No. 25, Royal-street, and am a lighterman to John Heighington, of Hatfield-street. Here is one head-fast and two pieces—I saw them safe on Wednesday evening, at seven or eight o'clock—they are Mr. Heighington's and his brother's.

Cross-examined. Q. Where does Mr. Heighington live? A. At No. 2, Hatfield-street, Christ Church, Surrey, about a mile from Spedding's—I know it by a piece of blue worsted in it.





JOHN BARTHOLOMEW BARTLETT
. I am a Thames-police officer. I was placed to watch at Chamberlain's Wharf, St. Olave's—I watched there from five or six o'clock till seven—I saw the prisoner come down the

wharf and get into the skiff, and undo it and shove it away—I jumped into the skiff, and asked him what he was going to do with the rope—he said he was going to sell it, that it was his perquisite—I then delivered him and the boat and rope to Mr. Judge.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
