





1612. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of July
, 50 lbs. weight of brass, value 2l. 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph Weatherly 
                     Phipson
                  




               
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  FOXCROFT
               



            . I am agent to Mr. Weatherly Phipson, a metal dealer
. On the 30th of July some metal was found, and on the Monday I was called to look at it; I knew it to be my employer's - it had been in the warehouse with other property; it has our order ticket on it, which it would not if it had been sold - I can swear it was in the warehouse on Friday; we had perhaps fifty rolls of metal in the warehouse - I knew the prisoner; he once lived with an ironmonger, with whom we did business.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUTTON
               



            . I am a clerk to the prosecutor. On Friday evening, the 30th of July, the prisoner walked up to the warehouse with a Policeman's coat under his arm; he asked if our man, Robert, was there - I said No, and he returned; I did not see him afterwards.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . On the evening of the 30th of July, about seven o'clock, I saw the prisoner cross from the side of the Mansion-house towards Princes-street - he was two or three yards from the prosecutor's; he had this roll of brass wrapped up in a Policeman's coat; I said to Herdsfield, "I think that is something wrong;" I walked down Princes-street, and said to the prisoner,"What have you there?" he said, "Some metal I am going to take to Scotland-yard," and said he had come from the Kingsland station-house; I said he must go with me - I took him to the Mansion-house, and then went to Mr. Johnson, the superintendent; he said he had such a man, but he knew nothing of the property.


                  CHARLES 
                  HERDSFIELD
               



            . I was with Forrester - what he has said is correct.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along Bishopsgate-street, and two men asked me if I was in the Police - I said Yes; they asked if I was allowed to do any work - I said No; they said they had some metal to go to the George inn, Snow-hill, and if I would carry it they would give me 1s. and half a pint of porter - I said I came from the station-house because I am not allowed to do any work.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HUTTON
               



            . I saw him about seven o'clock - the shutters were being put up at the time; I was in the counting-house - the metal was down by the door.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
