



2078. 




JAMES DALEY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
15th of July, one purse, value 6d.; 4 sovereigns 1 half sovereign, 4 half-crowns, 1 sixpence, and 1 £5 Bank note, the goods, monies, and property of 



Archibald Bulkeley, from his person.






ARCHIBALD BULKELEY
. On Friday, the 15th of July, about three o'clock I was walking in James-street Covent-garden and received information form a little girl, named Elizabeth Cordel—I examined my right hand pocket where I had out my purse, with a £5 note, four sovereigns, one

half-sovereign, four half crown and a sixpence in it—I found my purse and all was gone—I saw a boy running at a great distance and I pursued him—he turned a street into Long Acre—I lodged information Bow-street—the £5 note has been found—this is it; I received it from the witness Kohler—my purse was a red one.





ELIZABETH CORDEL
. I am twelve years old—I know what will become of me if I don't tell the truth. I live with my father in James-street, Covent-garden—a few weeks since about three o'clock, I was standing at my father's door—I saw Mr. Bulkeley in the street, on the opposite side of the way, and three boys close behind him—I should know two of them again—the prisoner was one, I am sure—one of them put his hand into the prosecutor's right hand coat pocket—that was not the prisoner—he took something red out, and when he had got it he ran away—the three ran away—the prisoner appeared to be in company with themhe was talking to—the others—he was close to them when the purse was drawn out—he appeared to be covering the one who took it—the other was behind him.

Prisoner. When she was at the office she said she saw me walking in the road, and another man took it—I know nothing of it. Witness. No, I did not—the prisoner was nearest the road, on the curb-stone.





HENRY FREDERICK KOHLER
. I live in Stafford-row, and am an Italian warehouseman. On the 15th of July I gave Mr. Bulkeley change for a £10 note—I gave him a £5 note, and the rest in cash—I had made a memorandum of the note in the book, which is here—it was No. 15, 735—this is the note.





WILLIAM M'DONALD
. I am shopman to Benjamin Shirley of Blackfriars-road, a boot and shoe maker. At a quarter before ten on the evening of the 15th of July, the prisoner came into our place and bought some shoes—he offered a £5 note for change—my master had the note—the prisoner is the man.

Prisoner. It is false—I know nothing of it.





BENJAMIN SHIRLEY
. On the evening stated my boy called for me—I took a £3 note of a person, who I have no doubt is the prisoner, but I could not say it was him—he gave his name, Mr. Davis, of Charlotte-street but I could find no such person—it No.15, 735—I paid away the note, the next day, to Lewis Ford.





HENRY WILLIAM CHALLIS
. I am clerk in the Bank of England. I received this note on the 20th of July, from Roberts, Curtis, and Co.





HENRY GRISS
 (police constable F 135.) I took the prisoner, on the received this note on the Seven Dials.

Prisoner. I was drinking a pot of beer, when a woman came and had me taken—she had another taken first—he said she saw me take it.




GUILTY
.* Aged 19—


Transported for Seven Years.
