



1186. 




WILLIAM VICKARY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of April, 16 pounds weight of lead, value 5s.; and 1 copper ball, value 1s.; the goods of 



James Duffett; being fixed to a building.






JAMES DUFFETT
. I live in Great Wild-street, Lincoln's-inn Fields. At ten o'clock at night, on the 15th of April, I was going down's court to repair some pipe which had been cut off two days previously from another house—I passed this door and heard the water run—I went into the passage and heard nobody, and could see nobody—it was all dark—I went back, got a light, and went down, and on the top of the cistern I saw what I thought was a man's coat—I found the prisoner in the cistern—I said, "What do you do here"—he said he was so sick—I called the lodgers down into the Kitchen, where he was—they got a policeman, and he was given in charge—I jumped on the cistern to see what he had been doing, and the front of the cistern was cut out and rolled up in the water, ready to carry off, and the ball was swimming on

the top—I went down to the station-house with the ball, and the Inspector sent the policeman back for the lead—when I called the lodgers the prisoner jumped down from the cistern, and shut a knife which he had in his hand—he put it into his pocket, put down his trowsers, which had been turned up to knees, and put his hand to his stomach, as if he had been very bad.

Prisoner. He stated that the lead was hanging, not entirely cut off, and he charges me with stealing the ball, and it was not found on me—it was still swimming in the water.





JAMES VICKARY
. (police-constable F 26.) I went to the Kitchen of this house, and took the prisoner into custody—I went back and took the piece of lead out of the bottom of the cistern—I fitted it to the front of the cistern, and found it fitted exactly—I found on the prisoner this knife, and duplicates for a ring and a shirt.

Prisoner's Defence. I went to work at the docks and was taken ill—I went into this house, and hearing some person coming I got in there to hide myself.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
