





872. 
               
                  
                     REBECCA 
                     CARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of April
, 3 half-crowns, and 2 shillings, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Thompson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . On the 9th of April I lost three half-crowns and two shillings; I felt it taken from me - the prisoner had hold of my arm at the time; she had asked me to take a walk with her, and I was going - I made some resistance when she took my money; part of it fell on the pavement, and a witness took the other from her hand.
JURY. Q. Were you sober? A. Not exactly, but I recollect what passed.


                  JOHN 
                  OWEN
               



            . I saw the prisoner and the prosecutor together in Brick-lane


; he was very tipsy - the prisoner fell down on the top of him in the middle of the street; she wanted to lead him home, and he was not willing to go; she took hold of him to take him, and he fell down - I went with one of the Police-officers, and helped him up; the officer asked me to see the prosecutor home - the prisoner said he was her uncle, and then her father; that he lived in Winkfield-street, and then in Chick-street - I laid hold of his left arm, and in passing the brewhouse I saw the prisoner put her hand into his pocket, and take some money out - an officer was under the light, and he saw the transaction - the prosecutor did not charge her with taking it; one half-crown fell on the ground, and two halfcrowns she had in her hand - the officer ran over and seized her; he said "What have you got?" she gave him the 2s., said she had nothing more, and put her other hand behind her - he took hold of that hand, and took the two half-crowns from it; I picked up the other half-crown, and carried the prosecutor to the station in Church-street, Bethnal-green - he could not then keep on his legs.


                  ZACHARIAH 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am the officer. I took the 2s. from her hand, which I had seen her take from his righthand waistcoat pocket - I took these two half-crowns from her other hand, which she said had nothing in it.


                  THOMAS 
                  WELLS
               



            . I am barman to Mr. Martin, in Church-street - I gave the prosecutor change for a half-sovereign - I gave him three half-crowns, one shilling, and two sixpences; he was in liquor, but not drunk.
Prisoner's Defence. About ten o'clock, or half-past ten, the prosecutor met me and laid hold of my arm - he asked to go home with me; I said I was married and my husband was at sea - he then took me to that gentleman's house and called for a quartern of rum; he gave me one glass - he called for another, and wanted me to drink the whole of it; he came out and asked if he could get a bed, saying he had plenty of money to pay for it - he took his money out and showed it, and dropped it - I called the officer and said he had dropped some.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
