







655. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  FIGGINS
               




            , 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SOOKIN
               




            , and 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  RASON
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Davies
                     




                  , from his person
            .
EDWARD DAVIES. I was going down Bridge-street


, on the 1st of April, near half-past eleven o'clock at night - I had a handkerchief in my pocket - when I got on the bridge, a gentleman told me that three fellows had been following me from the corner of Bridge-street - I felt, and missed my handkerchief - he said, if I chose, he would go with me and point them out - we ran on to Rowland Hill's chapel, but could not find them - we turned back and met with them - this is my handkerchief.


                  JOHN 
                  POCOCK
               



            . I saw the three prisoners in company, and following this gentleman - I did not see them do any thing, but I assisted in taking them - I found this handkerchief in Figgins's breast pocket.


                  JOHN 
                  DRINKWATER
               



            . I am a watchman of Blackfriars'-bridge - the prosecutor told me he had been robbed - we crossed over the bridge, and took these prisoners at the corner of Chapel-street.


                  THOMAS 
                  FRANCIS BROWN
               



            . I was night officer - the prisoners were brought into the watch-house - I found this handkerchief in Figgins's pocket.
Figgins's Defence. I was returning from the Surrey theatre - I found this handkerchief, and took it up - I came on and was taken.
Sookin's Defence. I had been out with Rason from two o'clock - we were coming over the water, and a man came and took us.
FIGGINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
SOOKIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
RASON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Confined Six Months
            .
