



2585. 




STEPHEN ISAACS
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of September, 1 gelding, price 26l. 1 saddle, value 16s. and 1 bridle value 5s. the goods and property of 



Thomas Croft.






WILLIAM MAYES
. I am ostler to Thomas Croft, a livery-stable keeper in Whitechapel-road. On the afternoon of the 9th of September the prisoner came to the stable a little before two o'clock, and asked if I could let him a saddle-horse—I said, "Yes"—he wanted it out in a great hurry, and asked me what it would be—I told him, 7s. 6d., which he paid, and went away with it—he said he should want it about two hours, and 1 could get it at No. 14, Suffolk-street, Haymarket, and he would pay me if I would fetch it—I said I could not, but I would send for it but I had no opportunity of sending for it—it is worth 25l., and the saddle and bridle 1l.—somebody brought it back to the stable afterwards.





RACHAEL DAY
. I am a stable-keeper, and live in Juniper-row, King David-lane, Shadwell. On Monday, the 9th of September, in the afternoon, the prisoner came to me and said he had got a grey horse down it Mr. Worrow's, and he wanted to borrow 5l. on it—I told him I had not 5l. to lend, and said, "Besides, I know nothing of you"—he said, would I come down to Mr. Worrow's in ten minutes—my son said, "If my mother is not there in ten minutes she will not come at all"—he went away, then came back, and asked if I would be there in half-an-hour—I said, "I don't know"—(Worrow is my farrier)—I went to Worrow's, but the horse was brought up to my place, and put into my stable—when I came home the prisoner asked me what I could lend him on it, and to-morrow, at twelve o'clock, he would come and fetch it—I told him I had not got more than 2l., which I lent him on it—he said to-morrow he would come and pay me, and take the horse—it was in my stable two nights—I was not it home when they fetched it away.





JOHN NICHOLAS
. I am a police-sergeat. As I was taking the prisoner to the office he said something to me when he was going past Mr. Croft's' livery stables—I went there, and inquired, and found he had missed a horse, I fetched it from Mrs. Day's.

Prisoner's Defence. Gentlemen, this case is not so bad as the other—I paid 7s. 6d. for the horse—being intoxicated, I borrowed 2l. on it—when I was taken I told the policeman where it was to be found.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Ten Years longer.
