




439. 




MATTHEW CHANDLER
 and 




HENRY MARKHAM
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
31st of December, 121bs. weight of beef, value 6s., the goods of 



Henry Hancock, the master of the said 



Matthew Chandler.


MESSRS. CLARKSON
and
BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES FOGG
. I am a Thames-police surveyor. On Sunday morning, the 31st of December, I was watching at the prosecutor's shop a little before eight o'clock, and saw Markham come out of Mr. Hancock's shop with a large bundle under his arm—he went up Blue-gate-fields to his own house, and remained there a little time, and came back again—Chandler was in the shop—I had seen them talking together in the shop—Markham came back in a quarter of an hour to the shop, and brought another bundle away—he did not go into the shop—Chandler gave him the bundle on the second occasion—Chandler spoke to him immediately, and he gave him the bundle—they had a very few words—they were not more than a minute together—I had a man of my own buying some meat in the shop at the time—I followed Markham to his house—I did not go back to Hancock's till the next morning, Monday, when I apprehended Chandler—his master asked what he had sold—he described some mutton, beef, and bones, and so on—his master said, "Is that all?"—he said, "Yes," and described it—I said, "You must have done a great deal of trade, I saw Markham twice at your shop—he took a large bundle away; did he pay you for the meat he took away?"—he said, "No"—I went to Markham's house with the prosecutor, and found him at home, and his wife—he was Isitting down eating a piece of roast beef—he said, "Do you want to be measured for a pair of boots?"—the prosecutor said, "No, Mr. Fogg wants you"—I said, "Have you no more beef in the house?"—he said, "No"—his wife was in the room—she ran out immediately—I said, "You and Chandler have begun a nice game"—his wife ran into the yard—I said to Mr. Hancock, "Run out, that woman has got the privy door in her hand, I cannot leave him"—I then took Markham out into the yard—I told Mr. Hancock to turn up a tub that was in the yard, and in a pan were two pieces of beef—Mr. Hancock said, "These are my pieces"—I said, "Where did you get these?"—Markham said, "Mind, I have said nothing yet"—he said, "Mr. Hancock, you know my brother is a butcher, but I do not say I had it of him"—I also found about 60lbs. of coffee at Markham's.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Where were you on the first occasion? A. Right opposite Mr. Hancock's shop, walking up and down—it is not an unusual thing for butcher's shops to be open before Divine service on the Sunday—my man, Lancaster, was with me—I did not stop Markham on the Sunday morning—I expected to have a dozen of his customers—I should not get more by twelve prosecutions than by one, if they came on the same

day—I was there at 5 o'clock in the morning on Monday—Lancaster went first on Saturday.





JOHN LANCASTER
. I am one of the Thames police-constables. On Sunday morning I was in the neighbourhood of the prosecutor's shop—I only saw Chandler there—no one came there—Markham came in when I came out—as I came out of the door, after purchasing some meat, Markham came to the threshold—I then stepped off the curb, and saw Chandler give Markham a piece of beef—he put it into a blue cloth, under his arm, and went across the road to Blue-gate-fields, and I after him—he did not weigh the beef, nor give any money—I bought a piece of corned beef myself—I then followed Markham to his house—I did not know where he lived before—he lives in the Back-lane, facing the Jolly Sailor, in St. George's-in-the-East—Mr. Hancock's shop is in Ratcliff-highway—Markham was on the threshold of the door when Chandler gave him the beef off the block.

Cross-examined. Q. How near were you to Chandler? A. About three or four yards—it was ten minutes after eight o'clock—I am well aware that money could not pass without my seeing it—the meat was about 4lbs.—I think I could swear a single coin could not pass and I not see it—I am sure it did not—I was on the side of Markham, and the front of Chandler—no one was in the shop but these two at that moment—the shutters were down.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were you placed there for the purpose of watching whether any money did pass? A. I was there for that purpose.





HENRY HANCOCK
. I am a butcher at Smithfield and Ratcliff-highway. Chandler was my servant—I have a shipping business and a retail business—I am always at market in the morning, and then leave the business to Chandler—I came into the shop about nine o'clock that Sunday morning—Chandler was in the shop—I said, "Well, Charles, have you been busy this morning?"—he said, "No, Sir, I have had very little to do, indeed;" there was a man came in, I served him a piece of beef it weighed twenty odd pounds—I then turned to Chandler, and said, "What have you sold?"—and seeing some money lying where it did in general, he said, "I have sold a small piece of corned beef and half a shoulder of mutton"—I said, "This is the money, I suppose"—he said, "Yes"—I took a piece of writing-paper off my desk, and wrapped it up—I went with Fogg to Markham's, and found Markham and his wife there—he was sitting at the table, taking his lunch—he said, "Oh, Mr. Hancock, do you want to be measured for a pair of boots?"—I said, "No; are you not ashamed of yourself, sitting there, eating my beef?"—his wife was there—she went out immediately—Fogg told me to follow her, which I did, down to the yard—I saw a tub there—Fogg came and desired me to turn it up, and I found two pieces of beef, which I could swear to—Markham said, "Mind, I have said nothing"—he said, "You know, Mr. Hancock, I have a brother a butcher"—I said, "Don't appeal to me, I know nothing about it"—I know this beef—I cut them myself—one piece was placed in the salt on Saturday night.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How can you swear to that? A. I have twenty pieces to correspond with the small ones, the same sort of beef—I do not mean that there are not plenty of pieces of beef in London to correspond with it—I had no private mark on it, but I can swear to it—one was off a particular sort of bullock—it had been cut by me, and had been two or three times through my hands, and I saw it on Saturday night.


Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Have you any doubt that he has a brother a butcher? A. I never heard it before that—I have since—I beli ve he does not live far from me.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Have you been a butcher long? A. Yes, and cut up meat constantly—I am able to speak positively to meat I cut up.

JURY
to
MR. HANCOCK. Q. Do you ever sell meat without weighing it? A. Never.
(—Barker, wholesale boot and shoemaker; John Taylor, butcher, Ratciiffe Highway; Charles Eyles, plasterer, 9, High-street, Shadwell;—Mansfield, butcher, New Gravel-lane; and—Daveson, batcher, Portman Market; gave the prisoner Chandler a good character; and Henry Morrison, tailor, Commercial-road; James lves, 8, Back-road; Thomas Sweeting, Back-road, Shadwell, broker; Edward Pocock, Mile-end New-road, shoemaker; Pocock, son of Edward Pocock, and Daniel Ross, Back-road, carpenter, gave the prisoner Markham a good character.)

CHANDLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

MARKHAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.




Transported for Seven Years.
