



393. 




WILLIAM COVENEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
2nd of December, at 
St. James, Westminster, 1 £100 Bank-note, and 1 £50 Bank-note, the property of 



William Burton Newenham, from his person.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM BURTON NEWENHAM
. I was residing at the Tavistock Hotel at the time in question. On Friday, the 2nd of December, I obtained some money at Esdaile's bank, a little before two o'clock, and placed it in my right-hand waistcoat pocket—I had a riding-coat on, which I buttoned—I then went to the west end of the town, to leave London, by a coach from the White Horse Cellar, about a quarter past three o'clock—I arrived there half an hour before three o'clock, and I went to lounge away the tine at the picture-shop at the corner of Sackville-street—I had taken off my Macintosh cloak, and had it over my arm, and my coat was un but-toned—while I was at the picture-shop I felt a pressure—I left the people who were about me, and put my hand to my waistcoat pocket, and the notes were gone—they were safe a few minutes before—I went back' to Esdaile's to get the numbers and dates of the notes, and stop their payment—one was a £100 note, and the other a £50 note—I had taken the numbers of them before, but it was written in pencil, and being effaced I thought it was best to go back to Esdaile's—these are the notes (Looking at them.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you a body-coat on? A. No—I had a Macintosh cloak on—a riding cloak—the Macintosh cloak was on my arm at the time I lost my money—I was opposite the print-shop window for about ten minutes—I cannot say I saw the prisoner 'there—my gold was under the notes—I have a distinct recollection of placing the notes above the gold.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was it a dirty or a fine day? A. Extremely dirty—there is no mark of mud or dirt on the notes now.






ALEXANDER MAXWELL
. I am a clerk in Esdaile and Co's. banking-house. On the 2nd of December I paid the prosecutor these two notes in part payment of a cheque—the £100 note is "No. 7918," dated "the 2nd of November;" and the £50 is, "No. 6248," dated "the 1st of November, 1830"—the numbers and dates agree—I paid them to him at a quarter to two o'clock.





JOHN JOHNSON
. I am shopman to Mr. Thompson of Grosvenor-row, Pimlico. On Friday, the 2nd of December, between five and six o'clock, the prisoner came to our shop with his wife—I knew him before as a constant customer at the house—he bought a silver watch, a chain, two seals, a key, and a ring; a hat, a jacket, two shifts, and five ring*—the whole amounted to 8l. 16s. 6d.—he also redeemed articles to the amount of 1l. 4s. 9d. which were in pledge, making in all 10l. odd—his wife gave him a note for pound/100, and he produced it to me—I asked him how came by it—he said that it had been forwarded to him by a solicitor from Ireland, that a rich uncle of his had died, and left him thirty or forty houses, and some acres of land, and he was going the same evening to the Cove of Cork in Ireland—I handed the note to Mr. Smellie the foreman, and he gave me change out of it—this is the note (Looking at it.)

Cross-examined. Q. Can you tell whether this name, "James Skerritt," was on the note when you took it? A. No, I cannot—the prisoner's name is on the note—that was not done in my presence—it was not on it when handed to me—it was indorsed afterwards—I know the address the prisoner gave—I was not certain whether he lived there—it is the address he always gave—he has frequently pawned things and redeemed them it our shop—I was perfectly acquainted with him.

MR. CLARKSON.Q. You knew him by the name of Convey very well? A. Yes—if he had given any other name, I should certainly have known it to be false.





GEORGE SMELLIE
. I am foreman to Mr. Thompson. I remember the prisoner coming on the 2nd of December—I changed the note for him, and put his name on it—he said an old uncle of his had died in Ireland, and this money was forwarded to him to pay his expenses to Ireland, and he was going to the Cove of Cork, (I think he said next morning,) to take possession of thirty or forty houses and thirty acres of land, and he should not care and—if all his old uncles in the world had died, if they all left him things like that.





JOHN COURT
. I am shopman to Mr. Collins, a linen-draper, Lower Sloane-street, Chelsea. On the 2nd of December, between three and four o'clock, the prisoner came and purchased two shawls, a cloak, and other things, to the amount of 5l., and paid me this pound/50 note—he told me it had been left him by an aunt who had lately died—he said he had had one the year before, which he changed at the Rose and Crown, and he was going to Ireland that evening—I asked his name, which I wrote on it—" "William Dunn, No. 1, Flask-street"—that was the name and address he gave—I wrote it down from his mouth.





ANN BROWN
. I know the prisoner—he told me he was an umbrella maker—on Friday the 2nd of December, between three and four o'clock, he came to my house, and asked for change for a pound/50 note—I took it out of his hand, and asked him if he knew what it was—he said he did—I told him I could not do it; as I did not like to change it—I asked him how he came by it—he said, "By making two silk umbrellas at 26s. each"—I took it to my husband, and he would not let me change it.


Cross-examined. Q. How long had you known him? A. Three or four months—he used our house for beer, and lived nearly opposite us.





CHARLES ROBINSON
. I keep a chandler's shop in Ebury-square, Pimlico. On the 2nd of December the prisoner came to our house between three and four o'clock, and produced a £50. note to be changed—I asked him where he got it—he said a gentleman had given it to him to get change—I told him I could not do it—he asked if I thought he could get it at the Flask—I said he might try—he then left—he called next morning, and bought a few articles of me—I asked him if he had got the note changed—he said, yes, he did, in Sloane-square—I know that he lived in Susanna-place, Flask-row—there is no Flask-street, to my knowledge.

Cross-examined. Q. You were not examined before the Magistrate? A. I was, at Queen-square—I believe my deposition was taken down—no paper was given me to sign—I had known the prisoner about six months—he has latterly been carrying umbrellas about to repair them.





LUKE NIXON
. I am a police sergeant. In consequence of information, I went to Portsea in search of the prisoner, and from there to Brighton, where I apprehended him—I found a watch in his pocket, with a silver guard round his neck, and the seals hanging outside, and two rings on his fingers—we had a desperate fight at the end of Nottingham-street—there was an attempt to rescue, and he got away, and ran about half a mile, but I secured him again—on the road to London, he stated that he had two notes given to him—and afterwards he said his wife picked up the notes between Belgrave-square and Eaton-place, and he did not know but what they were ballads—he said they could not hang him, hot they could lag him, which means transportation.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you tell the Magistrate that? A. I did, I believe—I will not be certain—I cannot say whether I did or not—I do not swear I told the Magistrate so—I told the Magistrate about his saying he believed them to be ballads; I swear that—what I said was read over to me, and I signed it—I was desired to attend to it, to see if it was correct, but the court was so crowded, it was impossible to do so—I gave way for respectable people to come up—I heard the clerk read part of the deposition—he read it all, but I did not hear the whole of it—I signed it—I considered the clerk would not take down any thing but what was proper.

Q. In what was read to you, was there a single syllable about his being logged, or saying he thought they were ballads? A. About being lagged I will not say, but about ballads there was, I believe—if it is not in the deposition, it is my fault for not stating it—I cannot exactly swear whether I stated it or not.

MR. PHILLIPS
contended that there was no evidence of the prisoner's Healing the notes from the prosecutor's person; and by his desire the deporation of Luke Nixon was read, which contained nothing about the prisoner's stating that he should be lagged, &c.)




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Life.

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

