




718. 




JOHN WHITTINGHAM
 and 




HENRY WILSON
 were indicted for

 feloniously and burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Richard Perkins, about the hour of six in the night, of the 
5th of February, at 
St. Mary, Islington, with intent to steal, and feloniously and burglariously stealing therein 17 yards of carpet, his goods.






RICHARD PERKINS
. I am an upholsterer, and live in Upper-street, St. Mary, Islington. On the 5th of January, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, I was in my shop talking to a person—a person came in at the door, and said a roll of carpet was stolen out of my shop—I followed out—the policeman was going after the prisoners at the time—my shop door was quite closed, for I had come in a quarter of an hour before—one door was bolted all day—they are folding doors—one was bolted at the top and bottom—one half the door was still bolted when the alarm was given, the other could be opened with the hand—it merely went on the lock—it was left open about two inches by their accomplice—I am sure it was shut a quarter of an hour before the alarm was given—it was open when the person came into the shop—I had observed three pieces of carpet in the shop just before—I missed one piece, measuring seventeen yards—they stood rather better than a yard from the shop door—I had seen it there within a quarter of an hour—I went out on being alarmed, and found the carpet about a hundred yards from the house, and one man was in custody—there were three gas-lights in the shop.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. When you heard the alarm, you had been in doors about a quarter of an hour? A. Yes—the door has a catch lock—it requires to be shut—I had come in from the street about a quarter past six o'clock, and shut the door—it was dark then—I was about the centre of the shop when I received the alarm, at some distance from the door—their accomplice was standing right between me and the door.

COURT. Q. Who do you mean? A. Neither of the prisoners, but a friend of theirs.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Should you have heard the door open? A. I was busy giving the estimate of a bookcase to the person in the shop, about fourteen or sixteeen yards from the door—I do not say the door was opened at that time.

COURT. Q. That is at the time the person to whom you gave the estimate was in the shop? A. Yes—he stood between me and the door, so that I could not see a person come in—I was up at my tea when the person came in, and was called down by my young man—the stairs command a view of the door, and when I came down, I perceived the door was open about two inches.





HENRY ALLEN
. I am a policeman. On the evening of the 5th of February, near six o'clock, I was passing in the front of the prosecutor's house—I observed the two prisoners standing on the pavement very close to the shop, in a manner which excited my suspicion, looking up and down

the street, and then into the shop—I crossed the road, and went behind some iron railings, about fifty yards off, on the opposite side of the way—I saw Whittingham go into the shop—the other was as close to him as he could be—Whittingham went in alone—when I passed them, I had observed the door about two inches open—that was before he entered—I observed him come out with the roll of carpet under his arm in half a minute—they went in a contrary direction to where I was, and by the time I got to the prosecutor's shop, I saw an old man standing at the door—Wilson did not join Whittingham when he came out—he stopped listening very attentively to what this old man said for a minute and a half, or two minutes—I pursued, and directly afterwards he ran past me—I was following Whittingham at a sharp walk—I considered he was going to give an alarm, and I ran closely after Wilson—he was running when he passed me, and the moment he got near Whittingham (I did not observe any thing take place between them) but the carpet was dropped by Whittingham—I was then about three yards behind them—I instantly cried, "Stop thief"—they both ran down Islington-green together—a man attempted to stop Wilson, and threw him down—I secured him, and continued hallooing "Stop thief," till I saw Whittingham stopped—neither of them were out of my sight—I took them to the station-house, and returned to the shop, and got the carpet—I am certain the prisoners are the two men—I saw nothing of any third man.





RICHARD PERKINS

re-examined. This is my carpet—I was in the shop a few minutes before it was missed—it is worth about 50s.—the shop is part of my dwelling-house.

Whittingham's Defence. I was coming by this place—I saw a person inside the shop—I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and followed with other persons to the green, and was stopped by four persons.

WHITTINGHAM—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.

WILSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.
Of stealing only.—



Transported for Seven Years.

Before Lord Chief Baron Abinger.
