





942. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PALMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        Edward 
                        Stephens
                     




                  , from his person
            .
EDWARD STEPHENS. I am in the employ of Mr. Robins, the auctioneer. On the 14th of April I was in Hind-street, Manchester-square


 - I was in the outer portico of the chapel, coming out - I had a handkerchief in my pocket, which I felt safe as I came down stairs - I felt something at my pocket when I got to the portico, and then missed my handkerchief; I turned and saw the prisoner, I seized him immediately and accused him of picking my pocket; he said he had not got the handkerchief; that he did not come there to pick pockets, but to hear the sermon - he asked me to look on the ground, to see if it was there; I looked, but it was not there; he then said, let him look, which he did, and then the handkerchief laid at my feet, where it had not been before.


                  CHARLES 
                  RUST
               



             (police-constable D 53). I took the prisoner, and have the handkerchief.


                  JOHN 
                  TUCE BROWN
               



            . I was at the portico of the chapel, and heard the prisoner say, "Look if your handkerchief is not down on the ground;" the prosecutor looked, but it was not there; the prisoner then said let him look, he stooped, and I saw him take this handkerchief from some part of his person, and put it on the ground.
Prisoner's Defence. There were three lads before me who took it and dropped it on the ground - and the gentleman said it was me.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
Recommended to Mercy. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
