





Second London Jury - Before Mr. Recorder.
291. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ANDERSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of January
, 4 printed bound books, value 3l. 13s., and 45 other printed books, value 7l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Easthope
                  



               
            . Esq.
, and others.
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Heathfield
               



            .
JOHN MATHER. I live at Camberwell. I received information from our porter, and directed him to watch our premises, which are No. 13, Old Broad-street


; they are the offices of the United Mexican Mining Association

 - Mr. Richard Heathfield, the secretary
, had some of the upper apartments, and occasionally sleeps there: Mr. Easthope is the chairman
.
HENRY MOORE. I am a constable of Broad-street ward. On the 4th of January I received information from the messenger of the Company, that books had been stolen: on Friday, the 8th of January, I and my brother officer watched the premises, and about a quarter before nine o'clock in the evening I saw the prisoner come out of the house, with a bundle under his arm - he walked towards Leman's biscuit shop. about three hundred yards from the house, looked at the clock, then turned down Broad-street, Throgmorton-street, returned, and crossed over into Broad-street: Mecleburgh then crossed over and spoke to him - they went into the Rose and Crown; the prisoner came to the door in a half a minute - I stopped him, and asked what he had in that bundle; he said Nothing -I searched him, and found four volumes of bound books, which the messenger claimed: he never said how he came by them - I afterwards learnt where he lived; I went to his lodging, and found thirty-two book covers with "Mexican Mining Association" stamped on them.
MR. MATHER. I know these books to belong to the Association; we paid 3l. 13s. for them - I know them by frequently perusing them.
JOHN MECLEBURGH. I am messenger to the Company. The prisoner was not in their employ - I was present when he was apprehended; he said he merely wanted to read the books - the covers produced belong to the Company; the prisoner was acquainted with the female servant of the house - the books were kept in a wardrobe in Mr. Heathfield's office.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is it an open wardrobe? A. It is open in the day time, but locked at night.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, pleading distress, and stated that nothing but having to support a sick mother would have induced him to commit the act.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            

