





2174. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     POOLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of September
, 1 jacket, value 2s.; 1 waistcoat, value 6d.; 1 cap, value 6d., 3 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 5 pennies
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Peters
                  




               
            .
GEORGE PETERS. I live with my father, who is a gentleman's butler. On the 5th of September I was bathing in the Regent's-canal, Regent's-park


, and left my clothes on the bank; the prisoner was fishing there - I got out, and put on my shirt and trousers; I saw the prisoner take up my jacket, take some money out of the pocket, and run away with my jacket, cap, and waistcoat - I called out and he was taken; he said he never took my money, but 2s. 6d. was found in his stockings; I had 3s. 11d., and lost 1s. 1d.
Prisoner. Q. How far was I from where your jacket was when I was stopped with it? A. About three yards, but you ran away with it - you threw them down, and was going to strike Lewis, and ran off, but I said you had stillgot some money - I had seen you take it out of my pocket; you did not ask me for it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PETERS
               



            . I was with my brother, but on the opposite side of the canal, standing by the prisoner's side; I saw him with the jacket in his hand rummaging the pockets - I saw him take some money out, and put it in to his bosom; my brother called out - he threw the things down, and said, "There is your money, it has fallen out of your pocket;" 2s. 6d. was found between his stockings and drawers when he was searched.


                  RICHARD 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I was by the canal, and saw the prisoner fishing - I went up the hill, and saw him go and take up these clothes and make off with them; I turned, and ran after him - seeing me, he threw them down; I secured him, as Peters said he had the money; we scuffled; I heard money rattle in his breast - he stripped to his trousers, and said he had no money, but 2s. 6d. fell from his person; he resisted, and we both fell together - he got from me; I followed him, and told him to give me up the 1s. 1d. - he said he would; he then pulled out a knife, and attempted to strike me - but the crowd prevented him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not threaten to throw me into the canal if I did not give up the 1s. 1d.; I then told you to mind, for I had a knife? A. Not a word of it is true.


                  CHARLES 
                  HENRY WOODHAM
               



            . I am a Policeman. I received him in charge, with this dinner knife.
Prisoner's Defence. I had the knife for fishing, but never intended to rob any body.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
