






Fifth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
767. 
               
                  
                     ELLEN 
                     BLYTH
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     BARRY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of February
, 1 bag, value 2d.; 4 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 3d. in copper, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Nitingale
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM NITINGALE. I live in Lisle-street, Leicester-square, and am an engraver
. On the 12th of February I met the prisoners in Hanover-street, Long-acre


, about three o'clock in the morning; they wished me to go home with them - I refused, stating that I had no money; I then felt Blyth's hand draw my bag and money out of my pocket, as I was standing opposite the house of an acquaintance, considering whether I should wake him up to let me in; I thought Blyth gave the bag and money to Barry, but I did not see her do it - I had 4s. 6d. in silver, and 3d. in copper in it - I said if they did not give me my money, I would give them in charge; two Policemen were coming by, and they took the money up from the ground - both the prisoners said they had not got it; I am sure it was Blyth's hand which took it from me.
Blyth. Q. Did you not meet me in Hanover-street? A. I was standing there, and you came up to me - I was not so sober as I am now - I did not say I had a small trifle, and give her the money.


                  JOHN 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was in Belton-street, and heard Blyth abusing the prosecutor, and using very bad language - I was going up to remove them for being disorderly, and when I got near, the prosecutor called Police - I went up, and seized Barry; she threw from her hand a purse, enclosed in this handkerchief, which she afterwards denied being hers - I said, "This is the woman that had the purse," and the prosecutor, whom I did not consider at all tipsy said, "This one (meaning Blyth) took it from me" - I took both the prisoners to the station, and found on them 4s. 6d. in silver, and 3d. in copper.
Blyth. I threw it down myself. Witness. No, Barry threw it down - Blyth was tipsy, and said she took it; she used the grossest language that ever I heard come from a woman - the prisoners are old acquaintances, and lived in the same street, in St. Giles'.
Blyth. He gave me the money to go home with him, and then he called the Policeman - Barry came up by accident, hearing the piece of work, and asked what was the matter - he said he was robbed, and I threw themoney down - I never saw Barry before that night - the prosecutor was very much in liquor.
Barry's Defence. I met the prisoner and the prosecutor in Hanover-street - I stood to see what was the matter, and the Policeman came and said that I dropped the purse, which I never had in my hand.


                  JOHN 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am quite sure Barry dropped the purse from her left hand.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NITINGALE
               



            . They were both together when they first spoke to me - I did not see what Barry did with the purse.
BLYTH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
BARRY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
