






OLD COURT. Thursday, August 15, 1833.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Justice James Parke.
1196. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TUCK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BILTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of June
, 3 sheep, value 5l., the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Starkey
                        




                     
                   and another
            .
MESSRS. BODKIN and GURNEY conducted the Prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  HANEY
               



            . I am shepherd to Mr. Starkey, he lives at Edmonton


; he had a flock of sheep - I counted them on the 13th of June, about six o'clock in the morning; there were then but forty-seven - I had counted them, about six o'clock in the morning, on the 12th of June, and there were then fifty, which was all right - I went to several fields, to see whether they had strayed away - the officer afterwards fetched me to a shed in White Hart-lane, Tottenham; I there saw some meat, and two sheep, which I knew to be my master's, by the mark of a black H on their shoulders, but they had cut it out; it had been done with pitch - there was the mark where the H had been, but the wool was cut away.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Was there any colour put over the black mark? A. No; there was a red ochre mark down the back and across the loins, which ppeared to be fresh - I counted them at six o'clock in the morning, on the 12th of June; I saw them again the same evening, I did not count them then, but they appeared right - I cannot tell whether the three sheep were there then.
COURT. Q. What sheep were they? A. These two are wether half-bred Norfolk, they have little speckled faces; they are between a Leicester and a Down - I can't tell what the other was.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STARKEY
               



            . I am a farmer, and live at Palmer's-green, in the parish of Edmonton; I have one partner - we lost three sheep in June from Lucas'-fields, near the tile-kilns; our flock consisted of fifty, I counted them on the morning of Wednesday, the 12th of June, they were then all right; I did not count them afterwards; but, on the Thursday, my shepherd told me three were lost - I told Foster of my loss; he got a warrant, and we went the same day to Queen-street, Tottenham-terrace - I then went to a shed occupied by the two prisoners - Tuck is a butcher, and the other is a labourer; I believe they are partners - you cannot see that it is a butcher's shop as you go along, there is no window comes in front, but by looking over the wall you can see meat in the shop if the door is open; we went into this shed, and found a haunch of mutton and a side of mutton, but I should not think it had been killed the night before - we found these two live sheep, which I can swear to be mine, they had been branded with a large H on the shoulder; they have attempted to cut it out, but there was enough left for me to trace out the remainder of the H; it can be traced now - they had also a mark of red ochre down the back and over the loins - I saw both the prisoners there - the officer showed them the warrant and said he came to search for sheep, did they know any thing of them? I think they both answered No - we then found these, and one of them said, when I claimed them,"Be careful how you swear to your property" - they did not give any account how they came by them - I have dealt in sheep all my life, these are half-bred sheep; I have no doubt they are mine.
Cross-examined. Q. When the officer went, did he not say it was to look for some sheep that had been stolen? A. Yes; and one or both the prisoners said they knew nothing of them - I have never expressed a doubt about these sheep being mine; I have always been positive of them.
Q. Have you never said you did not think they were yours? A. When I first saw them, it was through a glass, and seeing they were marked in another way, I said, "I don't think they are mine;' but when we got the key and went into the shed, I put my hand on them and said,"These are mine" - it was between nine and ten o'clock on the 12th, that I had seen them safe; the ochre mark on them seemed to have been done a day or thereabouts.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FOSTER
               



            . I am a constable. On the 13th of June, I went to the prisoners shed with Mr. Starkey; but I had been to the shed first and seen the sheep; they were marked with red ochre from head to tail, and there appeared to have been a letter H cut out with a pair of scissors, but the mark is plainly to be seen - when I went with the prosecutor, I saw both the prisoners; I said I had a warrant to search the house for sheep - Tuck took the warrant and read it; he said he knew nothing of the sheep - the other prisoner was present - Mr. Starkey said he could swear to these sheep as his property - I took the prisoners into custody and handcuffed them - Tuck said he had bought these sheep of a man whose name he did not know, near the Bell at Edmonton; I think he said it was on the Tuesday - Bilton did not say anything about them, but he said he was in partnership with Tuck, and lodged in the same house.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you the person who took the furniture out of the house? A. Yes, by their own desire; I have an inventory of it here, which Tuck made - I was desired to sell some meat, which I did - I paid the rent which was 1l. 16s., and I have the remainder of the money.
COURT. Q. Did you sell the carcass of a lamb? A. Yes, to a butcher; the sheep we found are fat sheep.


                  JOHN 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I am a constable. I went with Foster to execute the search warrant - I saw the prisoners; and heard Bilton say he was partner with Tuck - these two sheep were found in the shed; they were taken, and the prisoners were taken into custody - the prosecutor at first saw the sheep through a glass; but when Foster got the key and got in, the prosecutor looked on the shoulders of the sheep and said, "These are my sheep, I will swear, but they have cut the mark out" - I looked at the place and could trace an H - I saw the red mark down their backs, which I think had only just been put on.
Tuck's Defence. We are quite innocent of the charge, to prove which there are two or three witnesses to be called in.



                  MARTIN 
                  FLANNAGHAN
               



            . I live in Church-street, Shereditch, and am a shoemaker; I am landlord of these premises; Tuck took them of me; I have known him about five months - I was there on the Wednesday about the middle of the day; I saw two sheep and a lamb there; there was some red ochre on them, but what mark I cannot fell.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Did it appear as if just put on? A. No, Sir, it appeared to me to he a market mark; they were two wether sheep and a ewe lamb.


                  ELEANOR 
                  WHITTING
               



            . I live in Queen-street, Tottenham, and have known Tuck about two years; he has been an honest, still, quiet young man - I went past their premises on the Tuesday to serve my milk; I saw the two sheep grazing by the foot-path between eleven and twelve o'clock - I noticed a red mark on them, because a baby I had with me went and stroked it; I cannot be sure that I should know the sheep again.
COURT. Q. How far were they from Tuck's house? A. About twenty yards.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Is not your son very intimate with Tuck? A. No, Sir, my son has been living in London till within the last three months; since then he has lived with me except when he has been at harvest work - my son may have been in a house with Tuck - I was at home when Tuck was taken before the magistrate, (Dr. Robinson;) I did not go; they did not ask for any one to go - I saw the two sheep taken from the house on the Thursday morning; and Mr. Starkey said he had lost three sheep that morning, and he had found two of them - I said,"Stop, don't be so sharp, these two sheep were there on Tuesday morning" - I am quite sure I told him that, and he said, "What!" - he spoke very sharp to me - there were several neighbours about, but the officers were not there, they were searching the premises - I am quite sure I saw the sheep on the Tuesday - I carry milk every day - I saw the sheep on the Wednesday about four o'clock in the afternoon, grazing on the same spot; I had not seen them on the Monday.
COURT. Q. Do you know Lucas-field in Tilefield-lane? A. No.
MR. BODKIN to 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  STARKEY
               



            . Q. When you took the sheep, do you remember seeing this woman? A. No; I never saw her in my life; there were persons about, but no one said they had seen the sheep on the Tuesday - I don't know whether this woman was about - these are my sheep, they had been shorn about ten days.
TUCK - GUILTY. Aged 19.




               Tuck recommended by the Prosecutor to mercy
            .
BILTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Life
            .
