




1852. 



CHARLES WILMORE
 and 




ISAAC BARROW
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of April, 1 shift, value 3s.; the goods of 



William Wright.






ELIZA COLEMAN
. I live with my mother in Joseph-street, St. George's in the East. On the 19th of April I was coming home, down Joseph-street, and saw the two prisoners walking down the street together—they went towards a clothes-line which hung at the bottom of the street, and peeped round the corner at the linen—I told my mother, and in consequence of what she said, I went to Mrs. Wright, and she and I went into Lucas-street, where we saw the prisoners—I saw the shift hanging out of the side of Barrow's jacket—when they saw us, Barrow ran away—Wilmore walked on—we overtook him, and Mrs. Wright asked him for the shift—he said, "I know nothing about your shift"—I said to Mrs. Wright, "Yes, he does, he was with the one that took it"—he threatened to break my head, and used a bad expression—Mrs. Wright said, "You dare touch her, or I will slap your face."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How soon after this did you see Barrow again? A. I think about six weeks, when he was before the magistrate—I am sure he is the same person—I knew him before by sight, but never spoke to him—I never said I was not sure it was him—I am quite certain of him.

Wilmore. She said at the office, she did not know him till he was brought forward. Witness. I never said so—I should know him any where.






SARAH PILLER
. I am the last witness's mother, but am married again—she told me something which induced me to go to the door, and I saw Barrow take the linen and run away with it—he attempted it twice—I directly sent my daughter to Mrs. Wright.

Cross-examined. Q. How far were you from where the shift was taken? A. About ten yards—I could see it distinctly, and the prisoner could see me—I did not pursue him myself, as my daughter could go faster than I could—Mrs. Wright lives just against where the linen was taken from—I had seen Barrow before, and cannot be mistaken in him—I have had no quarrel with him or any of his family—I did not notice the other prisoner.





ANN WRIGHT
. I am the wife of William Wright, and live in Joseph-street. On a Friday in April I had some clothes hanging out on a line across the street, to dry—the witness Coleman came, and gave me some information, in consequence of which I ran with her in pursuit, and saw both the prisoners walking together—when they saw us coming Barrow ran away—I ran after him as far as I could, but could not overtake him—I observed the shift hanging down the left side of his jacket—Wilmore walked on—I accused him of being as bad as the other—he made use of a very awful expression to the little girl, and said he was not with him—when I returned I missed the shift from the line, and the pegs were lying on the ground, as if it bad been taken by force—I had the shift to wash, and was answerable for it.

Cross-examined. Q. May you not be mistaken about Barrow? A. No, I am sure he is the person—I never saw him before—it was six weeks before I saw him again in custody—I knew him then, and should have known him any where—he was crossing the rail-road, and did not see us till we got close up to him—I noticed him and his walk.





WILLIAM CLAY
 (police-constable K 278.) I apprehended Wilmore on the 25th of May—I told him I wanted him for a shift, taken out of Joseph-street—he said he knew nothing about it, he had not done it—I took him to the station-house, and charged him with being in company with Barrow, and stealing the shift—I had been after him and Barrow for more than three weeks, but could not find them—he asked me if any one was coming against him that knew him—I said, "Yes"—he wanted me to point them out, as we stood in the passage by the Magistrate's door, but I did not point out Coleman or her mother—he said he hoped I would not put forth a paper, which he called a former conviction—I found Barrow afterwards in custody at Lambeth-street for another robbery—I told him what I wanted him for—he denied tailing the shift, and said he had not seen it—I told him I had been after him better than three weeks, and could not find him—he said he had seen me about—I have frequently seen the prisoners together in company.

WILMORE*—


GUILTY
. Aged.

BARROW*—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.




Transported for Seven Years.
