



1394. 




WILLIAM NASH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of April, 1 filly, price 9l., the property of 



William Prior.


MESSRS. PAYNE
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM PRIOR
. I am blind, and carry on the business of a cattle-dealer at Battersea. I had this filly nine months, and was well acquainted with it from frequently touching it—I had other cattle, and could distinguish it from the rest by the feel—it had a large wart on the chest, and smaller ears than is usual for a horse, and three warts on the styfol—it was rather ragged in the coat—it had been turned out on the common, and cattle turned out in the winter are rough in the coat—it was four years old—I turned it out on Clapham-common on Good Friday—it was bought eleven months ago for 11l., and I had 9l. offered for it—in consequence of information on Tuesday, the 17th of April, I went to Wallace, a horse-seller, of Wands worth—Bickerstaff and Belcher went with me—a skin was produced to me there—I took it up in my hand, and by feeling it over there was the wart on the chest, and the others on the thick part of the thigh, called the styfol—I had no doubt at all that it was the skin of my filly.

Prisoner. Q. Was it there the Friday before Good Friday? Witness. A. I cannot say, but it was there on Tuesday and on Good Friday—we go round the common two or three times a week—the horse was in fair working condition.





GEORGE BICKERSTAFF
. I work at a lucifer-factory. I know Prior—I was in the habit of driving his filly from the common and back again every afternoon—I saw it on Good Friday, about four o'clock in the afternoon, on the common—I was in company with Prior on the common at that time—on Tuesday, the 17th, I went with him and Belcher to Wallace, saw the skin produced, and examined it—I thought it was the skin of his horse—that is my belief—it corresponded in all respects—it had one large wart on the chest, and so had the skin.

Prisoner. Q. Had she not more warts? A. Yes, three on the styfol.





JAMES DUDLEY GAY FORD
. I live with my father, and work about Wandsworth. I frequently saw the filly on the common, and used to take it to and fro—I saw it safe on the Tuesday before Good Friday, and I saw the skin on the Thursday after Good Friday—I believe it to be the skin of the same filly.





RICHARD GOLDING
. I am a policeman. I found the prisoner in custody on another charge—in consequence of information, I went to Wallace—when the prisoner was before the Magistrate, what the prisoner stated was taken down by the Magistrate—the prisoner said, after making the statement, and it was read over to him, that he should sign nothing—when asked to sign it, he did not say it was wrong—I saw this written down—it has the Magistrate's signature to it—(read)—"The prisoner says, I bought the mare on Friday as I sold it the Saturday, in Smithfield-market, of a man I do not know, but I may be able to produce him on the trial."

Prisoner. Q. Did I not tell the Magistrate that I wished to say nothing till the trial came on? Witness. A. You said something of the sort—you said, "I bought the horse."





WILLIAM WALLACE
. I am a horse-slaughterer, and live in Garret-lane, Wandsworth. On the Saturday after the Good-Friday the prisoner came to dispose of a piebald filly—it was in a dreadful state—I gave 18s. for it—he

asked 25s. for it—it was in a very rough state—it was not much of a bargain—I afterwards produced the skin to Prior, Belcher, and Bickes staff—it was the skin of the filly the prisoner brought to me—I asked him where he brought it from—he said he brought it from Paragon-building Clapham—that it was a young one, four years old, and that he bought it from a widow woman—I heard something afterwards, and gave information to the police.

Prisoner. Q. Was it in a fit state for work? A. Decidedly not—I asked several questions who you knew about Clapham—you satisfied me about that—the mare could not have done a day's work if put to it—was blind of one eye.

Prisoner's Defence. On the Friday before Good Friday I went to Smithfield-market, and bought the mare, in the presence of a man not here, but I could produce him on Friday afternoon—it was certainly not fit work—I kept it a week on Clapham-common—I gave 25s. for her—the Thursday following I went to the common to see her, and she was lying down—I could not get her up—I left her there, and on Friday I went again—on Saturday I found it not fit for work, and I took it to Wallace—the who sold it to me said it belonged to a widow woman, living on Blackheath.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.
