





908. 
               
                  
                     CAROLINE 
                     ELLIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of April
, 7 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Cossins
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  COSSINS
               



            . I am a waiter
, and live at the Portugal-hotel, No. 154, Fleet-street. On the 5th of April, at two o'clock in the morning, I was out and fell in with the prisoner in Fleet-street - I had been waiting the day before, and had gone in the evening to see a friend - I had had two glasses of brandy and water, and one glass of gin and water - I was a little the worse for liquor, but knew what I was about - I was on my way home when I fell in with the prisoner; I am not certain whether I spoke to her first or she to me, but we got into conversation and I agreed to go home and sleep with her - we went to a house in Star-court


 and I think up two pair of stairs - I fastened the room-door with an old lock; I turned the key, and left it in the lock - I pulled off my clothes, put them on the table, and went to bed - I had seven sovereigns and some silver in my trousers pocket; I am sure I had it safe when I went up stairs - I awoke about eight o'clock in the morning the prisoner was then gone - I am sure she is the person I went to bed with - I looked at my trousers and missed seven sovereigns, but the silver was left - I had seen the prisoner before, but I never went with her before - I named the circumstances to the street-keeper the same day, and the prisoner was taken in aweek or ten days afterwards; a person on the first floor told me her name - I had locked the door when I went into the room, but I cannot say whether any one went in after she came down.
Cross-examined by Mr. PHILLIPS. Q.Were you not rather tipsy? A. I might be; if I had been sober, I dare say I should not have gone with her - I am married; I went into one public-house with the prisoner, and had a glass of half-and-half - I had forgotten that before - I had forgotten to put the money out of my pocket.


                  ROBERT 
                  TAYLOR
               



             (police-sergeant F 4.). The prisoner was taken by another officer, and brought to the station-house - she was put into the cell with another woman - I knew the prisoner, and knew her voice perfectly well; I heard her say to the other woman that she supposed she should be transported this time - and the other asked her what she was there for - she said for robbing a man of some money, that it had done her no good as she had been drinking about ever since, and all she got out of it was a bonnet.
Prisoner. It is false - I said I was there for robbing a man of seven sovereigns, and I had not had it; for if I had I had no occasion to have pawned an article that week to have got my bonnet from the cleaners - he came in while I was speaking to that woman, and she asked him if she could have a pint of beer, and I said if she had not got the money to pay for it, I would give it her - and she said to me that if I was to be transported, it was what she had been and had returned - I have the duplicate of what I had pawned that week.
Witness. I am quite certain of what I heard her say through the door.
Cross-examined. Q.How many persons were in that cell? A. Only that one female and the prisoner; the door was shut - I knew the prisoner's voice well - I cannot say what has become of the other woman - I knew her by sight - I did not hear the prisoner say that she need not have pawned her articles if she had had this money - there is a trap in the door - I did not stand to listen; I was in the yard - I don't think the prisoner could see me - I was rather above the door; the flap is about six inches square - I was about half a yard from it - there were some men in some other cells; the other woman was there for drinking - the prisoner was sober - I cannot tell the name or number of the officer who took the prisoner - he was before Sir 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Roe
               



            , but I believe he was not examined.


                  MARY 
                  ANN JOHNSON
               



            . I am a dress-maker, and have a little annuity; the prisoner is my sister - I met her the day before she was taken at a relation of ours at Fulham, and she had but three half-pence in the world - I paid for the omnibus to Fleet-street for her - she told me she had been obliged to pawn her gown to get her bonnet from the cleaners, to go to where I met her.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 27.
Recommended to Mercy. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
