





1019. 
               
                  
                     FRANCES 
                     FREMONT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of May
, 5 sovereigns, and 1 half sovereign,the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Maria 
                           Bromley
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of Sir James Wiltshed
            .
MARIA BROMLEY. I was servant
 to Sir James Wiltshed, he lives in Grosvenor-place, Pimlico


. In consequence of the usual chairwoman being ill, the prisoner came in her place, and on the 8th of May, I gave her a drawer to clean out of a closet in the kitchen; there were five sovereigns and a half in the drawer, wrapped up in a bit of paper; I forgot to take it out, and when she had left that day, I missed it - I went with the usual charwoman to her house on the next day, and spoke to her about it; she asked how much there was in it; I said, five sovereigns and a half; she said, there was not near so much.


                  SUSAN 
                  PARSLEY
               



            . I was the charwoman at the house for twelve years, but being ill, I sent the prisoner - the prosecutrix came to me the morning after she missed this money; I went with her to the prisoner - the prisoner said she had not seen the money; the prosecutrix said, I don't wish to hurt you, if you will give me the money, if you have spent any it must be made up - I saw her put her hand into her bosom, and pull out some halfpence in one hand, which she showed, but her other hand was closed, and I saw her put a sovereign into her mouth, and swallow it - while the prosecutrix was gone for an officer, I said to her "Give me the sovereign;" she said I have swallowed it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLIFTON
               



             (police-constable, B 50). I was sent for, and took the prisoner to the station; she was searched, but only threepence-halfpenny found on her - she said "If I had the money, I did not steal it" - Sir 
               
                  John 
                  Wiltshed
               



            's house is in the parish of St. George's, Hanover-square.
Prisoner's Defence. I am perfectly innocent of taking the money; I never saw it - I had but threepence-halfpenny in the world - I was taken to Tothill-fields, and watched narrowly for four days, on account of her saying I swallowed the sovereign.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
