






1206. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     FLOOD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  PALLETT
               




             were indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering a building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           John James 
                           Bowen
                        



                     
                   on the 23rd of April
, and stealing therein 1 copper, value 3l., and 50lbs. weight of lead, value 5s., the goods of the said John James Bowen
            ; against the Statute, &c.
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the goods of the 
               overseers of the poor of the parish of Edmonton

            .
MR. DOWLING conducted the prosecation.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES BOWEN
               



            . I am master of Edmonton work-house




, and live there - there is a brewhouse in the yard, in which was a copper; I saw it safe on the 23rd of April, and missed it the next morning, between four and five o'clock - I afterwards saw it brought up to the office; this is it - it had been fixed, and the lead round it had been taken away; this is the lead. On the night of the 23rd of April the prisoners came home to the workhouse with Stubbs and Joyce, a little before eleven o'clock; they rang the bell violently - I got up, and said, "Who is there?" Stubbs said, "Here are four of us;" I went down, and stopped the crank of the bell - they then kicked at the door; I called up some men who were in the house, on whom I could depend; we armed ourselves, in case they should break the foor open, as they thretened to do - they at length went away; I just went out, and ascertained that all was quiet, and sent the men to bed again - after some time Stubbs and Joyce came back, and said the brew house was broken open; the copper is beavy - it would require two persons to move it.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STUBBS
               



            . I live in the workhouse. On the night in question I came home with the two prisoners - what Mr. Bowen has stated is true; I then saw the two prisoners go over the wall, and I went over in about ten minutes afterwards, to lay down in the oakum shed - I saw the two prisoners taking out the copper; they put it over the wall, and went away - the copper was found in a dunghill half a mile off.
Flood. Q.Did not I meet you and Joyce in a beastly state of intoxication? A. No - you met us, but we were not intoxicated: we went to a public-house.
JOHN JOYCE. I am a pauper in the workhouse. I was with Stubbs - what he states is correct. I was not intoxicated; we went to the Jolly Farmer, and as the landlady could not get an officer, she gave us a pint of beer to go out.


                  THOMAS 
                  GEORGE
               



             ROBINSON. I went in search of the copper and found it in a dunghill, and the lead also.
JOHN CAMP. I am an officer. I took the prisoners, but did not find the copper.
Flood's Defence. On the Easter Monday night these men were very much intoxicated; they could not tell who took the copper - the oakum shed is ten or fifteen yards from where the copper was; we were so intoxicated that we could not get over a wall ten or fifteen feet high - we could hardly get along.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STUBBS
               



            . The wall is about seven feet high; I got over it, and so did the prisoners.

JOHN JAMES BOWEN. The wall is about eight feet high where they got over, but there is a stile which they step on; it is very easy to get over - Stubbs and Joyce appeared sober when they came and said the copper was gone.
FLOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.
PALLETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
