





487. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FLEMING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of February
, 13 handkerchiefs, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Rumble
                  




               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be 12 yards of silk.



                  GEORGE 
                  RUMBLE
               



            . I live in Fleet-street


, and am a mercer and tailor
. I was not present when this happened - on being informed of it I missed twenty handkerchiefs, which I had seen a few hours before.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SLACK
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Rumble. On the 7th of February, about half-past six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came into the shop, alone, and asked for a box of cotton, which came to 3d.; these handkerchiefs were on the counter, close to him - he tendered me a shilling; I had no halfpence in the till, and sent my brother out to get change; while he was gone a man came in to look at a cravat which was in the window - I turned my head to get it, and on turning again saw the prisoner running out of the shop door, without waiting for his change; I looked on the counter, and missed the twenty silk handkerchiefs - they were in four pieces; my brother came in immediately, and I sent him after him - he brought him back within five minutes; I took off his hat. and found thirteen of the handkerchiefs in it - the other man paid 1s. for the cravat, and went out; seven handkerchiefs are missing, and have not been found.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SLACK
               



            . I am the last witness' brother. I saw the prisoner in the shop, and the handkerchiefs on the counter; I was gone about two minutes for the change - on returning my brother was at the door, and told me to run after the prisoner, without saying what he had done - our shop is opposite Fetter-lane; he ran up Chancery-lane - I followed, and missed him for some time; I ran further than him, and as I turned back I saw him coming up on the other side of the way, with another person - he saw me, and started across the road; I ran, caught him, and brought him back - I found thirteen handkerchiefs in his hat; he called out to the person who was with him, but he ran away - he was a young man, about nineteen or twenty years of age.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am an officer, and received him in charge, with three pieces, containing nineteen handkerchiefs.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
