





915. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     OSBORN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of March
, 3 trowels, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joshua 
                           Faint
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 trowel, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Lewis
                        



                     
                  ; and that on the 18th of February
 last he was convicted of felony by the name of 
                     
                        James 
                        Morell
                     



.
JAMES MANNING. I am a bricklayer's labourer. I was working at No. 6, Taylor-street, Carnaby-market


, on the 15th of March, which was undergoing repair - I saw the prisoner there five minutes after six o'clock; Faint had left at three because it was wet - I was going out when the bricklayer told me to go up for his jacket; I went up and saw the prisoner in the two-pair front room on his knees, with his hat beside him - he was taking the tools out of the box and putting them into his handkerchief; I stood behind him and asked what he was doing- he said he was coming to finish this job; I said,"There are some men here besides you" - he said, "I am come to do it;" - he took a trowel and began to beat some mortar - I took him in charge; he had not been at work there.
Prisoner. You asked me what I was doing, and I said I came from Mr. Croxon, the builder; I was on my hands and knees mixing up the mortar, and you struck me. Witness. I did not.
JOSEPH FAINT. I am a journeyman bricklayer

. I left at three o'clock, on account of the rain, and had put my tools away; these three trowels are mine.
WILLIAM LEWIS. I am a journeyman bricklayer. This trowel is mine. I had left it in the same box; the prisoner had no right there.
Prisoner. Faint knows me and my father and mother.


                  JOSEPH 
                  FAINT
               



            . Yes, I know all the family; I came from the same village in Hertfordshire. GUILTY.


                  JOHN 
                  LANDON
               



            . I am an officer. I got this certificate of the prisoner's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office; on the 18th of February last the prisoner was convicted of felony, by the name of 
               
                  James 
                  Morell
               



             - I was a witness and know he is the man - (certificate read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
