





Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
1191. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, 1 pair of stanhope lamps, value 1l. 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edward Ives 
                     Fuller
                  




               
            . (See Sixth Sess. p. 569.)


                  JOSEPH 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. 
               
                  Edward 
                  Ives Fuller
               



            , he is a coach builder
, and lives in Margaret-street, Cavendish-square


; he had a stanhope in his coach house on the 21st of May - on that day the prisoner came and asked for Mr. Smith, I said, he had been gone four years, that Mr. Fuller was master now; I asked him if he wanted a job, he said, yes, I said, we were very slack, but he had better call in the morning; he walked out of the shop the way he had come in - we have three fronts to our shop; I went out at the middle one - I thought him a long while coming out; I looked, and saw him with one lamp in his hand - he then lifted up the cloth and took another lamp from a gig from the off side; he was coming out, and I said to him, "This will not do" - he said, "I was only going to see who was the maker of them;" I called for assistance, and he was taken - he could not see me when he took the lamps - they are worth 25s.
Prisoner. Q. Where was the gig? A. In the middle of the shop, near the back door; you were coming into the street and I jumped over the rails and took you - you asked me who was the maker of them, and I said "This will not do," you had no opportunity of getting away, there were ten or twelve people round you in half a minute.


                  JOHN 
                  WEST
               



            . (police-constable E 52). I took the prisoner, and received the lamps; he said at the station-house, that he took them to see who was the maker.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to seek employ; I had no intention of stealing; I took them to see who was the maker - I have been a coach-maker's labourer, but I have lately been in the seed business.



               GUILTY
            *. Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
