





1937. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of October
, 1 coat, value 15s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Mundy
                  




               
            .


                  FRANCES 
                  MUNDY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  David 
                  Mundy
               



            , a hackney-coachman
, who lives in Circus-street, New-road


. On the 4th of October I was looking out of window, and saw the prisoner come down the street and enter the house - he stood in the passage; I went and asked what he wanted - he said he came for David Mundy's brown coat - I fetched it, and gave it to him; in half an hour I went out, and found it was not right - I saw the prisoner again on the Thursday following; I asked what he had done with it - he said he had not fetched it; I had known him before.


                  DAVID 
                  MUNDY
               



            . I never sent the prisoner for my coat, nor had I seen him that day, nor for two or three days before.


                  FRANCIS 
                  HORTON
               



            . I went with the prosecutor on the Thursday, and found the prisoner playing at skittles - he denied that he had had the coat.


                  THOMAS 
                  HENRY THOMPSON
               



            . I received information on the 8th of October, and on the 9th I apprehended the prisoner for taking the coat - he said he did not know what I was talking about.
Prisoner. Q. You said you had been looking for me two or three days before? A. No, I said the Marylebone officer had - I had not heard of it till the night before.
Prisoner. I had been about the neighbourhood, and had seen the officer.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
