



1721. 





RICHARD STEERS
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Samuel Gibson, about the hour of eleven in the night of the 
4th of October, at 
Twickenham, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 5 tame rabbits, value 30s., the property of the said 



Samuel Gibson.






SAMUEL GIBSON
. I live at Twickenham. The prisoner is a labourer, and lived at Whitton—I went to bed about half-past eleven o'clock on Sunday night, on the 4th of October—my wife is not here—I was alarmed between eleven and twelve o'clock in the night by Mrs. Marriott and her servant, who keeps a public-house next door—I got up, came down-stairs and unfastened my door—I found my rabbit-hutches broken open, and five rabbits taken away—they had pulled the front of the hutches out—the front of it was broken—it stands in a shed adjoining my dwelling-house—you cannot go out of doors without going through the shed, to my garden—the outer door of the shed was bolted inside—part of the shed is of wood and part bricks—they could get in by pulling down a piece of plank which went into the ground, and was fastened at the top by a nail—it is a part of the building, and was all safe the night before—the rabbits were found six or seven days afterwards, but not by me—the person who found them is now dead—the prisoner was taken into custody last Monday week—I got a warrant against him on the 5th of October, and delivered it to the constable, but the prisoner was not to be found.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How does the rabit-hutch stand,

with reference to your house? A. It leans against the wall of the house—you come out of the house into the shed the hutch is in, and there is a door leading from the shed to the garden—it was a moon-light night—I have known the prisoner for years working in the neighbourhood—they play at skittles in the same shed—the skittle-balls had forced away part of the fence of the shed, but I had mended it—there was no room for any body to get in——there are two very small trees between the White Hart and my shed—I saw the prisoner, the day before the robbery, at home as usual.





ANN FEEZEY
. I am servant at the White Hart, which is next door to the prosecutor's. I was just going to-bed, between eleven and twelve o'clock on the 4th of October, and heard some boards cracking—I went to my bed-room, and saw the prisoner and Henry Coster getting into Mr. Gibson's shed—I could see the shed from my window—it was a moonlight night—I knew the prisoner before, and swear he was one of them—next morning I told Mr. Gibson who the parties were—I saw the rabbits in Coster's hand—I do not know what has become of him—I have not seen him since.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you see five rabbits in one man's hand? A. Yes, all hanging down by the hind legs—I was looking out of the window—there are two trees between the window and the shed, but nothing to prevent my seeing this—I have known the prisoner while I have lived at the house—it is a regular public-house—I alarmed Mr. Gibson, and said I saw some body breaking into his house—I told him next morning who it was, but did not tell him that night who it was—he asked if I knew who it was, and I told him—the officer is not here.

Prisoner's Defence. I do not know any thing at all about it.




GUILTY of stealing only.† Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
