



2198. 




JOHN DEAN
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering dwelling-house of 



Mary Haywood, at 

St. George's, Hanover Square, about the hour of twelve in the night of the 
30th of September, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 6lbs. weight of soap, value 3s. her goods; and 1 coat, value 3. s, the goods of 



Robert Haywood; and that he had been before convicted of felony.







ROBERT HAYWOOD
. I live in Hendon-street, Pimlico, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square—my mother rents the house. On the 30th September I went to bed at half-past tenor eleven o'clock—I was not the last person up in the house—I and my mother went to bed about the same time—the house was fastened up—there is a shop door, and a side door to the house, and a back door to the yard—I examined them all before I went to bed—the windows were fastened—I am sure they were all fast—I was awoke by a neighbour's boy about five o'clock the next morning to go to market, and I went into the yard to harness the horse—it was just daybreak—I did not perceive anything—I harnessed the horse and put him in the cart—I had occasion to go into the coal-shed for a sack, and there I found the prisoner—I knew him before—he was formerly in my mother's service about five or six months—he was crouched in a corner of the cellar almost down on his knees—I observed the coat and two bars of soap—the prisoner had the coat under his arm, and the soap was close to where he was kneeling on the floor—I asked him what business he had there—he said he came there to sleep—I said nothing more to him, but sent the neighbour's boy, who came to call me, to call a policeman—I remained with the prisoner till the policeman came—he begged for mercy, and asked me to let him go and he would never come. again—I refused, and he said nothing else—when the policeman came he was taken to the station-house—the soap was tied up in a handkerchief there was nothing else in it—there were a few onions wrapped up in an old black apron, close to the things in the corner—I found them at the same time as I found the other things—the coat was my property, and the rest my mother's—the coat hung on a nail close to the parlour door the night before, ready for me to take to market on the following morning—I had not had it on the day before—I hung it up myself over night—the soap had been in the cupboard down stairs—that is the only place where we keep it—I have no mark on it—there was soap there the night before, but I cannot say this is the same—I had a quarter of a cwt. in the day before, and when the policeman came to weigh it there was just the two bars short—I had seen the soap put into the cupboard—I was present when it was weighed next day—I know the apron the onions were wrapped in to be my mother's property, and we had such onions in the house—I found all the doors right as they had been the night before—I suppose the person must have got over some of the neighbouring yards—there is a vacant piece of ground he could get over—the windows were all broken it was very easy to put a hand through the kitchen window and unfasten it—the panes of glass were broken—the panes were very small, not large enough for a man to get through—he might put his hand or head through but could not get his body through, I am sure—I think it was big enough to get an arm through—there is a little catch, and by undoing that he might throw the window open—the kitchen window was the only one he could open—there was no other in the same state—the kitchen window is on a level with the ground of the yard—the yard is surrounded by a wall seven or eight feet high, but the yard goes down four steps—it is about eight feet at the outer side, and deeper inside—I think the onions were kept in the cupboard with the soap, but I could no say with certainty.


WILLIAM MARTIN (police-constable B 128.) The prisoner was delivered into my custody with a coat, some soap, onions, and a handkerchief, which I have.
(Property produced, and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. Five or six years ago the prosecutor lived in York-street, Westminster, next door to my father's house—I became acquainted with him—it was the occasion of my stopping out several nights, and I left my father—lie wanted me to come and live with him—I got a situation, but for stopping out late with him, my master discharged me—he had often told me I could sleep at his place when I had no where to go—as to the property I know nothing about it.

Jury to
ROBERT HAYWOOD. Q. Had you ever given him leave to sleep in the coal shed? A. No, I had not, nor had my mother, to my knowledge—I have never been out with him at night—it is not true—I have never been from home all night.





GEORGE CARTER
. I am a policeman. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—(read)—I was present at the time he was convicted—he is the person, I am certain.




GUILTY of stealing only. Aged 17.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.

