




71. 




JOHN MASON
 and 




RICHARD KIDD
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
9th of November, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 



Henry Huggins, from his person.






HENRY HUGGINS
. I live in Upper Stamford-street. On the 9th of November I was in Bridge-street, Blackfriars—I had a handkerchief in my pocket—I missed it on the officer speaking to me, he produced it—this is it.





CHARLES GOFF
 (police-constable L 31.) I was in Bridge-street, and I saw the two prisoners in company with two others—they followed the prosecutor along Bridge-street, and I saw Mason put his hand into his pocket, and take out the handkerchief—they then separated—I took Mason, and Brook took Kidd—I gave Mason to another officer, and went and told the prosecutor.





JAMES BROOK
 (police-constable L 118.) I saw the two prisoners together for about ten minutes—they appeared to be connected, and talking together—they were then coming off Blackfriars Bridge, and were in Bridge-street—Mason gave this handkerchief to Kidd, who put it is the flap of his breeches—I pulled his hand out with it.

Kidd. He did not see us in company—he did not say before that he saw him give me the handkerchief—I picked it off the stones—if it has not been washed, it is all over mud.

Mason. I was with a lad—a gentleman was passing with a handkerchief out of his pocket, and he took it and threw it on the ground—his name is M'Donald—he was discharged—I saw Kidd pick it up.

Kidd. The gentleman said he could not swear to the handkerchief, and it was on the ground—I picked it up, and was going to inquire whose it was.





JAMES BROOK

re-examined. It did not fall—he received it from Mason, and put it in his flap.





HENRY HUGGINS
. I said there was a mark on the corner with both or one of my initials, and there is the letter H on it.
(The prisoner Kidd received a good character.)

MASON—


GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.




KIDD—
GUILTY. Aged 20—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.






Confined Six Months; Four Weeks Solitary.
