





50. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CARNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Shand 
                           Low
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHAND
               



             LOW. I live in Cornhill, and am a stationer
. On the evening of the 25th of October I was walking in Holborn


 - I felt a tug at my right-hand coat pocket; I felt, and missed my handkerchief - I turned, and seized the prisoner immediately behind me; I asked him if he saw any one take my handkerchief - I believe he said No; the officer came up, and said he saw him take it.


                  THOMAS 
                  TIPPER
               



             (Police-constable F 152.) On the evening of the 25th of October I was on duty in Holborn - I saw the prisoner with three or four others; I saw the prisoner put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket, take out his handkerchief with his left hand, and pass it to the other - they made off, and I secured the prisoner.
Prisoner. You asked the gentleman if he had lost any thing, and he told you to search me, which you did, and could not find any thing, but you said you would lock me up at all events. Witness. I told the gentleman his handkerchief was gone, and I saw it pass to the other.
MR. LOW. He asked me if I had lost any thing, and I said, Yes, a handkerchief; and I think he said he saw the prisoner take it, and pass it to an accomplice, who run away.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not lay hold of my arm, and ask if I saw any body take any thing from you? A. I felt the tug, and saw you immediately behind me - I seized your arm; I believe there were some others about, but my attention was directed to you.
Prisoner's Defence. Just as I got past Chancery-lane, the prosecutor stopped me, and asked if I saw any body take his handkerchief; I said, No; I stood talking to him, and the officer came up, and he said he saw my hand in his pocket, and afterwards he said; he saw me take the handkerchief out.
JURY to TIPPER. Q. How far were you from the prosecutor? A. About a yard - I could not take the prisoner with the property, as it was done so quick; I had been watching them some distance, but I had a plain coat on, and they did not know me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
