




1850. 




EDWARD CARNEY
 and 



THOMAS DONOVAN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of June, 1 coat, value 1l., the goods of 




William Joshua Hollebone.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM JOSHUA HOLLEBONE
. I am an appraiser, and live in Great Titchfield-street, Marylebone. On the 19th of June I went in my gig to the Duke of York public-house, High-street, Shadwell—I went into the house, leaving my son in the gig, and in about half an hour, in consequence

of what my son told me, I came out, and turned to the right, but found nobody—I came back, and missed my great coat from the gig—it was an invisible green great-coat, and was in the gig, under the Mackintosh—it was faced with velvet, and had a velvet collar on—I have not seen it since.





JOSEPH HOLLEBONE
. I am the prosecutor's son. I went with my father in the gig to Shadwell—I sat in the gig while he went into the Duke of York—I was on the right hand side—the Mackintosh was on the top of the seat, and my hand was on it—I felt it move, turned round, and saw a boy running round the corner—I looked, and missed the coat—I went in and told my father—the chaise was very near the corner.





HANNAH DUNMORE
. I live in Blue Anchor-court, Brook-street. On the 19th of May I saw the chaise at the door of the public-house, and the witness in it—I saw both the prisoners about the chaise—I thought they were going to hold the horse—I heard a noise shortly after, and heard the people say a boy had stolen a coat—I had seen the prisoners just before in company together, and two girls with them, by the White Hart, close by the Duke of York—I had seen them talking to the girls for about ten minutes—I saw the people run round—I am quite sure the prisoners are the persons I saw near the gig—I did not see any thing taken.





ANN STEWART
. I live in Gun-lane. I was at the Duke of York public-house when the prosecutor came in. I went out afterwards, and was by the door of the White Hart—I saw both the prisoners by the White Hart door, with two girls—Donovan hit the girl twice in the face—I was crossing over to the baker's shop, turned my head, and saw Carney ran round the corner of the Duke of York, from the chaise, with the coat on his arm—I saw Donovan go from behind the chaise up a court—Carney had a dark coat on—he stood about the middle of the shaft of the chaise, as if he went to hold the horse—he beckoned to Donovan, and in an instant afterwards I saw Carney go away with the coat, and Donovan go up the court—I should have gone and informed the gentleman, but I saw his son get out of the chaise, and thought he knew of it—I saw Donovan in High-street, Shadwell, next day, and went and told the landlord of the Duke of York of it.

Donovan. She said at the station-house she did not see any body take the coat, and at the Thames police she said she saw Carney take it and run away. Witness. I have not given different accounts—the policeman knows what I said—I consider one pulled it out, and the other ran away with it, but I did not see it taken.





THOMAS SQUIRE
 (police-constable K 282.) I apprehended Carney in High-street, Shadwell on the 20th—I told him it was on suspicion of stealing a coat from a gig—he said, "I know nothing about it, I have been at Plymouth for the last six or seven months"—I apprehended Donovan afterwards, from the witness's information—he said he knew nothing about it.

Donovan's Defence. I went home about eleven o'clock, and laid down—I got up about two o'clock—I told my mother I was very bad, and thought a fever was coming on me, as I have had one three summers running—she gave me 3d. to buy some meat, and my sister went with me to Bluegate-fields—before I came back the robbery was done—I came straight on by Mr. Pillington's door—he said, "A boy is running down there with a coat, you run after him"—and I went down the lane, towards home.






MARY CONNLY
. I am the prisoner Donovan's sister, and am married—I came home on Wednesday, after selling my goods—my brother was very ill in bed—my mother said to him, "Would you like to take a walk with your sister up to the top of the lane? perhaps it would do you more good than lying in bed"—he went with me to Mr. Smith's, and bought two muggets, and as we came to the top of the lane, we heard the people crying, "Stop thief"—I and my brother came straight home—he had his tea and went to bed again, and never went out again till next morning.

MR. PAYNE. Q. What time was this? A. Last Wednesday—I cannot exactly tell you the hour, but that was the day—my brother was ill in bed on the 19th of June, but he got up and went out with me—we did not go near the Duke of York public-house—not further than the top of New Gravel-lane—there was no girl with me, only my child—I am sure my brother was not in company with Carney all day—nor with any young woman besides me—he never left my company—it was from half-past two to three o'clock that he went out with me—he was in doors all the day before that—we did not stay out much more than half an hour—I did not go before the magistrate—I did not know he was taken up—they would not allow me to go in—I was outside—they did not ask me to go in—I thought he might send out for me—he is a coal-whipper and works with his father.

CARNEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

DONOVAN—


NOT GUILTY
.
