



33. 




JAMES SPINKS
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Charles Ford, on the 
31st of October, and stealing therein, 1 watch, value 30s., his property.






CHARLES FORD
. I am a carpenter, and live at Twickenham. On the 31st of October I came home to dinner at five minutes to twelve o'clock—my wife was at home—I did not see the prisoner—I went out at the back door to feed my pigs—I had looked at the watch as 1 passed through the kitchen—it hung over the mantel-shelf—it was exactly five minutes before twelve—I returned in three or four minutes, and missed the watch directly—my wife was not in the house then—the door was open—I shut it, and called to my wife—I received information from her, and went out—I came up with the prisoner about a quarter of a mile from my house, on the Hanworth road—he had a basket with herrings on his head—I said, "You must come back with me"—he said, "What for?"—I said, "You have stolen my watch"—he said he had not, and would not come back for any one, as it would spoil the sale of his herrings—I took him back, and gave him in charge of a policeman, who searched him, but found nothing on him.





ELIZA FORD
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I let my husband in at five minutes to twelve—the watch was hanging over the mantel-piece then—I went into a neighbour's house, leaving my husband in-doors—while I was there I saw a boy coming from my door with herrings—he was within my gate when I saw him, and coming out as if from the house—my husband called to me afterwards to know where the watch was—I went to the mantle-shelf, but it was not there, and he went after the boy—I had seen

the watch about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes before the prisoner was brought back.





JANE HARPER
. I live next door but one to Ford. On the 31st of October Mrs. Ford came to the next door neighbour's, where I was—I observed a person open her gate—I told her there was somebody at her door, and she said her husband was in-doors, and he would answer.





GEORGE PEARCE
. I live at Old Brentford; the prisoner lives in the same place. On the 31st of October I went with him to sell herrings, at Twickenham—I did not go with him to Ford's house—I saw him go in at the gate—I remained outside—he opened the door and went into the house—I did not see him knock, I did not notice whether he shut the door after him—when he came back he said, "Here is a watch, go and hide it"—he gave it me directly he came out, as soon as he came from the door—they could have seen him from the window of the house—he did not say where he got it—I went and hid it underneath a bush on the Hanworth-road, just as you turn down a lane—I did not mention this to any one at first—I told the policeman of it next day, as the Magistrate said I should be liable to be transported for perjury—the policeman took me before the Magistrate, and charged me with this offence, and the prisoner also—I was discharged, and told the policeman about it afterwards, as he said if the watch was found I should be transported—I told the Magistrate where it was, and he sent the policeman with me, and I took him to where the watch was.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. When were you taken into custody? A. On the 31st, the same day, about a quarter of an hour after the watch was missed—the prisoner was taken first—I was little way before him—I was in Newgate once before, about a year ago, for three weeks, for stealing a pair of shoes and some brushes—there was no bill found against me—I have been three or four times before a Magistrate—Mr. Goring, a butcher at Brentford, charged me with stealing some beef about a month ago—I have been in person since this—I was taken for this, as I could not get bail—I have come from prison now—the Magistrate told me he must keep me till next day.

COURT. Q. Did any body advise you to give the information? A. The Magistrate said I had better tell where it was, as it would be the only way of saving myself—and I then told where it was, and that the prisoner gave it me—I have not been charged with any thing since the beef at Brentford—I did not go before a Magistrate then—I have known the prisoner a good while.





WILLIAM ALLAWAY
. I am a policeman. I took Pearce and the prisoner before the Magistrate on the 31st of October—they were both examined, and remanded—I took them again on the 1st of November, and then the prisoner was remanded, and Pearce discharged—he had not said where the watch was before he was discharged to my knowledge—the Magistrate told him he was now liberated, and if he knew any thing about the robbery, he had better tell the truth—he hesitated some time—the Magistrate cautioned him to be careful what he did say, to speak the truth, as he would very likely be brought before a Magistrate on his oath—after hesitating, he said, "Sir, I will tell the truth"—I am quite sure the Magistrate told him he was discharged before he said any thing on the subject, and he told him he had better tell as he might still be under difficulties—he then gave information—he took me on the Hanworth-road, and on Twickenham-common, near a gate-post, by the end of a

road, leading to the Mills, he pointed, and said, "It is there"—I moved some bushes, and found the watch, which I now produce—there was no glass in it—I said, "The glass is broken"—he said, "No, the glass is there"—I searched further, and found it.
(Property produed and sworn to.)





ELIZA FORD

re-examined. Q. Can you tell who it was that went to your house? A. The prisoner—I saw him coming from the door—he was within the gate—I did not see Pearce.

Cross-examined. Q. What sort of a gate is it? A. It opens nearly close to the door—I had a good view of—I never saw the prisoner before—he passed the house where I was, with a basket of herrings in front of him—I am sure the door was shut when I went away—I could not see it from my neighbour's house.





JANE HARPER

re-examined. I am quite sure the prisoner is the boy that went to the prosecutor's door—it was not Pearce—I did not see any body near the gate.

Cross-examined. Q. If there had been one near the gate, you must have seen him? A. I was listening to my neighbour's door—she was talking to me—I heard her gate open—I should have seen two, it they had both left the gate—I only noticed the one inside the gate—there was nothing to prevent my seeing a person outside—I never saw the prisoner before.





CHARLES FORD

re-examined. When I stopped the prisoner, he denied it, and said there was another one ahead of him, taking part in his herrings—I instantly gave him into custody, and went and took Pearce, who was about a hundred yards further on—the watch was found about a hundred yards from where I took the prisoner—Pearce had got beyond it—when my wife let me in, I shut the gate and the door—I went out at the back door to feed my pigs—I never opened the front door—I am certain it was on the latch, and shut—there is no court at the side of my house—it is in a row.

MR. PAYNE. Q. How large was the basket, could it be got in at the door of your house? A. He could have got in with the basket—it was a flat one—he would not be obliged to use both hands to hold it—he could put it up against his side.




GUILTY of stealing only. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Third Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

