



452. 




WILLIAM MILLS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
22nd of December, 2 bags, value 2d.; and 15 sovereigns; the goods and monies of 



William Drake, from his person.







WILLIAM DRAKE
. I live at Shepherd's Bush. On the morning of the 22nd of December, about half-past seven o'clock, I was coming out of Newgate-market, into Newgate-street, and three persons met me—they had the appearance of gentlemen by their dress—there were two porters coming from the wagons, and carrying a hamper, and the gentlemen surrounded me against Jenning's shop—the prisoner was one of the three—he was on my right, and as I turned to let the porters pass, the prisoner put his hand into my right-hand pocket, and drew out ray two bags, one containing eleven sovereigns, and the other four—he walked very gradually away, and I after him—I never lost sight of him—when he came to the corner of Ivy-Jane he cried out, "Tom, bring the flat, my cart is gone"—he then took to running, and I followed him, and called, "Stop thief"—he jumped over three flats, and a young man stopped him—I collared him at that identical moment—I was over the flats as soon as he was—he then put his right-hand into his coat pocket, and drew out one of my bags, which had eleven sovereigns in it—I seized his hand with it in it—the other bag was picked up with the four sovereigns in it.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see my hand come from your pocket? A. Yes; I saw you draw it away from me—I did not seize you at the time, as you had two others with you.





HENRY CALTON
. I live at the New Catherine Wheel Inn, Bishopsgate-street. I was in Newgate-street that morning, and saw the prisoner running away—I heard the cry of "Stop thief"—the prisoner was getting over the hampers, and I stopped him—he put his hand into his pocket, and drew a bag out—the prosecutor came up, and took hold of his hand, and then he seized him with the other hand, and took him to the Compter—he counted the sovereigns in the bag, and there were eleven.





JOSEPH BATES
. I am a patrol. I saw the prisoner running, and I pursued him—he went over the hampers, and I saw him drop the bag, with the four sovereigns in it, behind him, out of his right-hand—that bag was produced after we got to the Compter.





WILLIAM DRAKE

re-examined. These are my two bags, and they had the money in them.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
