





1007. 
               
                  MEDFORD JOHN 
                  SPRING
               




             was indicted, 


               that he on the 23rd November
, at St. Ann's, Blackfriars, having in his custody a certain bill of exchange for 29l. 14s. feloniously did forge thereon an acceptance of one JohnGore, with intent to defraud 
                     
                        James 
                        Walton
                     



                  , against the statute
            , &c.
2ND COUNT for uttering a like forged acceptance of a like bill of exchange, well knowing, &c. with a like intent.
3RD and 4TH COUNTS like the 1st and 2nd, only stating his intent to defraud 
               
                  James 
                  Gore
               



            .
Mr. CLARKSON conducted the Prosection.
JAMES WALTON. I am a timber-merchant
, at Old Jamaica-wharf, Blackfriars. In November last year I had dealings with the prisoner for timber, and he offered me a bill of exchange in payment (looking at a bill), this is it - I objected to do it without further security; I made inquiry as to who the acceptor was; it was accepted at the time the prisoner gave it to me - it purports to be accepted by John Gore, and is addressed to John Gore, No. 2, Camomile-street, Bishopsgate - The prisoner at that time lived in Camomile-street, and was a carpenter. - I inquired and found Mr. Gore a butcher, in Camomile-street, was a respectable man, and I was satisfied - a Mr. Wagner came to me and gave me security as far as ten pounds if the bill should not be paid; he is in court; before Wagner came, the prisoner said Wagner was a surveyor, that he was doing a job under him, and he should call and speak to me as to his character, if I desired it - Wagner called and offered the guarantee before I made the inquiry - I asked the prisoner if Gore was a respectable man and how long he had lived there; he said he had lived there two or three years, that he was a butcher, and very regular in his business, and a steady man - I paid the bill into my banker's; it was a three-months' bill; it was returned to me on the 26th of February dishonoured; after that Mr. Wagner called to pay the ten pounds.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you keep the bill after it was dishonoured? A.I did, till a few days before I applied at the Mansion-house, I had then given it to Mr. Newman, who applied to me for it, and gave an undertaking that it should be paid; he wished to have it for the purpose of prosecuting the prisoner - I believe he is an independent gentleman; I had seen him once or twice before - he gave me an undertaking for nineteen pounds the entire amount due on the bill - I am not at the expense of this prosecution.
JAMES GORE. I am a butcher, and live in Camomile-street, Bishopsgate. I know the prisoner - (looking at the bill), this acceptance is not my hand-writing, nor my name; I did not authorize anybody either to draw on me or accept that bill for me - there is no person named 
               
                  John 
                  Gore
               



             living at No. 2, Camomile-street; I have no relation of the name of John; my name is not John; I never accept in the name of John; I never accepted a bill in my life that I know of - I remember the prisoner coming to me on the subject of a bill two or three months back, I cannot be positive as to the time; I know well that it was before Christmas - he asked me whether I would accept a bill for him; I said, No, I would not; he said, "If you will accept a bill for me, I have a large job, and if I can get any body to accept a bill for me, we could get a load of timber in," (I did not at that time know Mr. Wagner), I said, I would not accept for my own brother - I saw him again a few days after; I was in the habit of seeing him every day, more or less, as he was a neighbour; he lived at No. 9, in my street; he said no more to me about this - at the time he asked me to accept the bill, he said the job he had was at Dalston - I saw some timber on his premises in a very short time after he asked me to accept the bill - I have two brothers, Thomas and Robert; they do not live with me - this bill was presented at my house in February, but I was out at the time; I never paid the bill - I met the prisoner about three weeks or a month afterward, (I had in the meantime heard of the bill being presented at my house) - I met him in Bishopsgate-street, and said, "Spring, you are a pretty sort of a chap, or fellow, to try to get me into this trouble, and ask me to accept a bill;" he said, "It is all right, it is paid, and you will hear no more of it" - I did not know the person of Wagner before I saw him at the Mansion-house - a person had called at my house respecting the bill, I saw that person; I am not able to say whether it was Wagner or not; I am quite certain I never have, under any circumstances, stated to any body that it was my acceptance, or done by my authority.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.Had you a conversation of some lenght with the gentleman who called? A.I had, he was a very few minutes with me; it was not a quarter of an hour - I do not recollect the person of Wagner; I cannot exactly state when the prisoner applied about the bill - I may have accepted a bill before I was in business, not knowing the nature of bills, but not since; I have been in business three years and am twenty-six years old - I believe I never did accept a bill; I swear I never accepted this bill - I never told anybody I had accepted this bill - it was presented at my house on a Monday morning, while I was at market, when I returned I was told a bill drawn by Spring had been presented - I think it was about two months ago - I went to the prisoner's house directly, to inquire for him, but he had left; I saw Mr. Newman there - I named this to a person in my street, and he told me if I had nothing to do with it to take no notice of it, and I did not - I am sure I told the gentleman who called that I had not accepted the bill; I cannot say how long that was before I was at the Mansion-house - I was present when Wagner was examined at the Mansion-house, but cannot say whether it was him that called on me about the bill.
MR. CLARKSON. Q.How soon after you heard of the bill did you go to the prisoner's house? A. The same morning, directly I returned from market; I found he had left - he never returned.
COURT. Q.Did you ever in your life sign your name to a bill as John? A. Never, it is not my writing, I don't know whose it is - my hand-writing is under the bill.


                  THOMAS 
                  URSDEN GORE
               



            . I am the brother of the last witness, I live at No. 227, Shoreditch, and am a scale-maker. I was in Bishopsagate-street, with my brother, when he met the prisoner; I think it was about two months ago - my brother, I believe, called him a pretty fellow to try to get him into such trouble - the prisoner said, "Mr. Gore, you need not trouble yourself, it is all settled, the bill is paid" - this acceptance is not my brother's hand-writing.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say, "You are a pretty fellow to get me into trouble by letting the bill be dishonoured?" A. No, nothing of the kind; he said nothing about the prisoner promising to provide for the bill; my brother has never accepted a bill since he has been in business.
The bill was here read, it purported to be drawn by M. J.Spring on John Gore, at three months date, and to be due on the 25th of February.


                  GEORGE 
                  NEWMAN
               



            . I live at Brixton-place, Surrey, I live on my property. The prisoner was a tenant of mine, he lived in a house of mine, No. 9, Camomile-street; he quitted it on Saturday, the 23rd of February - I have frequently seen him write - this bill is decidedly not drawn in the prisoner's hand-writing; but the acceptance is in the prisoner's usual way of writing - I first saw this bill of exchange on Monday morning, the 25th of February, the day it became payable; I was in the house - Mr. James Gore and another person called; I merely saw the bill - I said I had nothing to do with it; that Spring was gone; I presume they took me for Spring - I afterward went to Mr. Gore for the bill; in consequence of what occurred - this prosecution is instituted at my expense.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe you distrained on the prisoner? A. I did; he has brought an action against me since for defamation, but it is an action of robbery - upon his bringing the action, I endeavoured to find out what I had said, and found he was in debt to every body, and was a complete swindler - it was said,"defamation, nonsense, there is forgery against him;" and it was six weeks before I could find this out - I expect if he is convicted, it will be an answer to the action - that is one reason why I have taken this up, but it is the complete system of plunder; the man has brought several actions against me - Wagner was sent to entrap me - my object is the love of prosecuting such swindlers and wretches that I have been beset by; it is nothing but for the sake of public justice' - it will necessarily save me from the action - I stated at the Mansion-house, that the prisoner would have been ten quarters in my house, if he had stopped till Lady-day, and I had received but two quarters in money; the rent was fifty pounds a year - he has got the account - by my buying the fixtures, and work he has done, the rent is settled up to Christmas - I cannot say how much he owed me at Christmas, for he never paid me but by driblets - this is my receipt for twenty-two pounds thirteen shillings, (looking at it) - he does not now owe me a farthing for rent - I did not swear at the Mansion-house that he owed me money for rent; I said he owed me money - he has cut my house about - he was a carpenter, and I allowed him to do all the business on the estate - my sister died and I gave him the funeral; he said he was poor; and I advanced him twenty pounds, then twenty eight pounds, and altogether he drove the bill for the funeral up to one hundred and nineteen pounds, odd- this receipt, (looking at it) is my wife's writing; it is for a quarter's rent due at Christmas, but his bills are included; it was not paid in money - I understood he has brought two actions against me; it is an action of trover- the action is for detaining pieces of wood - I never saw Wagner in my life till he called on me - I saw him at No. 3, Broadway, Doctors' Commons - I went to him after he had called on me, to give him a job to survey a house, as he told me he should be a considerable loser by Spring - I did not know him till Monday the 25th, when he called on me.
MR. CLARKSON. Q.Wagner called on you on the 25th? A. Yes, the very day the bill was presented, about a quarter of an hour after; he did not speak favourably of the prisoner - the receipts produced were given on the balancing of accounts between us, allowing for work which he had done - I never received but twelve pounds from him in money - I was examined at the Mansion-house by desire of the prisoner's solicitor.
JURY. Q. By whom was the bill brought to the prisoner's house on the 25th of February? A. By Mr. Walton, the holder, and Mr. Gore, who said it was neither his name nor hand-writing, and he wrote on the bill "The above is neither my name nor hand-writing, 
               
                  James 
                  Gore
               



            ."
Mr. SARSON. I am an attorney, and live in Broad-street-buildings. I know the hand-writing of the prisoner, and have often seen him write; (looking at the bill) I believe this acceptance to be his hand-writing.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you attorney for Mr. Newman? A. I am in the action, but not in this prosecution, and have no interest in it.
MR. CLARKSON. Q.Look at the name of the drawer? A. I believe that is not the prisoner's writing, but the indorsement is his hand writing.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . I am an officer of the City. I took the prisoner into custody on the 6th of May, on St. Andrew's-hill, Doctors' Commons, coming out of the Three Castles public-house.
Prisoner's Defence (Written). Mr. Newman distrained upon me for rent - all accounts between us were however settled, (and although he had the cruelty to insinuate on my examination before the Lord Mayor, among other things equally untrue, that, I had been in his house ten quarters, and he had only been paid two) a balance of about nine pounds was found to be due to me after paying all the rent due to him. Upon this settlement I quitted the premises and the neighbourhood, as I felt myself disgraced by the distress put in by Mr. Newman; although it proved there was nothing due to him, and as he still retained possession of some property belonging to me, I commenced legal proceedings against him; and to get rid of the consequences, do I attribute the persecutions of Mr. Newman, for he afterwards called upon a Mr. Greig, who had accepted a bill for me, and insinuated that it was a forgery, which Mr. Greig denied - with Mr. Gore, whose name I am this day charged with forging he succeeded, and has prevailed upon him to deny his acceptance to the bill. Gentlemen, it is necessary I should explain under what circumstances I obtained Mr. Gore's acceptence: - I had been employed by Mr. Wagner, to do the carpenter's work of some houses at Hoxton; Mr. Walton, the timber merchant, would not let me have the timber without I gave him some security, and Gore's acceptance was obtained and deposited with him; at which time I also paid him ten pounds, and I prevailed upon Mr. Wagner to pay him ten pounds more, on account of the work I had done for him: at this time Mr. Newman well knew I had credit with Mr. Walton, and that this bill was becoming due, and I believe was in possession of my house when the bill became due, and was presented to Gore, and who sent the notary's clerk to my house, from whom I believe Newman received the ticket. Up to this time, nor for two months afterwards, had an insinuation been made against me, that the bill was a forgery; on the contrary, Gore, on my wife's going to his shop for meat, had, upon more than one occasion, said he hoped I would be prepared for the bill (but I am deprived of her testimony, as I am advised the law will not allow her to be a witness for me) and after I had left the neighbourhood, I got Mr. Wagner to call on Gore to tell him not to make himself uneasy about the bill: to him Gore did not say one word about its being a forgery, but said he only did it to assit me. There is one circumstance I should explain to you, - whenI had drawn the bill, I had put the wrong Christian name; Gore, however, said that was of no consequence, and it was so accepted. Gentlemen, bear in mind, Gore must have known of the presentment of the bill at his house; had it been a forgery, would he have waited two months to consider about giving charge of me? I was on intimate terms, and used to ride out in his cart with him, and he has on a former occasion assisted me. Newman also knew of the bill's being presented; although he two months afterwards buys up the bill to incite this charge against me. I am ruined by him, and am pennyless.
JOHN WAGNER. I am an accountant; I live at No. 3, Broadway, Doctors' Commons, Blackfriars. I had employed the prisoner to do builder's work for me at some houses; he was going on with them when I paid Mr. Walton ten pounds on account of this bill - I called on Gore very shortly after the bill became due; I introduced myself by saying, "I believe you are the acceptor of a bill now in the hands of Mr. Walton?" Gore replied, somewhat pettishly,"I know nothing at all of it; I cannot pay it; I only did it to serve him" - I had known Spring about three months, he conducted himself as an honest, although a poor man - I have paid him nearly a hundred pounds.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You had a high opinion of him? A.I had a good opinion of him as an honest industrious man; he was not in my debt, except as to the guarantee.
Q.Have not you said he was in your debt to the amount of forty pounds? A. I think not; I cannot answer further than that - I never represented that he was a very wicked man, and had robbed me of forty pounds - I saw Mr. Newman at the house in Camomile-street two days after Spring had been destrained on - it was the day the bill became due - Walton called on me to inquire the character of the man, and I called on him afterwards on Christmas morning, Spring was not in my debt then, but finding my job was going on rather slowly, I gave the guarantee to further the job and serve him; he was working on a house belonging to a party for whom I was concerned, named Bishop - Coster was not concerned in it; I swear he had nothing to with it; I did not know him - Bishop lives at Dalston, he is a poor builder, who has been unfortunate; he applied to me to assist him; I finished the carcased, and by that means the job got into my hands; his application to me was to aid and assist him to complete them, and perhaps to advance some portion of money, entirely as an agent - I am an accountant and agent, I don't call myself a surveyor, I will not swear I never called myself a surveyor; I have been a linen-draper; I have been a bankrupt and paid sixteen shillings and tenpence in the pound, at the age of twenty-three; I don't believe that I ever called myself a surveyor.
Q.Have you not represented yourself as employed to survey houses for Mr. Rhodes? A.Certainly not.
Q. Have you represented yourself as connected with Mr. Rhodes? A.Only as regards these carcases, which are on his estate; I called myself before the Lord Mayor an accoutant and conveyancer, I have not taken out a certificate as a conveyancer; I am not yet admitted at any inn of court, nor am I a student at any inn at present - I did not tell Mr. Newman the prisoner had robbed me of forty pounds, nor that I was very much inconvenienced for want of the money; I did not ask him to employ me as a surveyor; he asked for my card, and said he might put business into my hands; I did not say I was surveying houses for Mr. Rhodes, at Dalston - Mr. Newman called on me in Broadway, and said, he wanted me to value the dilapidations of a house; I said my time was so occupied that I could not undertake it at present; we talked about my terms; he said "Have you seen Spring lately, how is he going on?" I said, rather indifferently, and then we parted, for I had several parties waiting for me up stairs.
Q.When you saw Newman at Camomile-street, did you complain of the prisoner's conduct? A. As far as related to the job I believe I did, as it went on slowly; I did not say he was a d - d rascal, I might say he was a rascal, and believe I did after Newman had made his statement to me, but I afterwards enquired into the truth of what he did say - I told Spring what Newman had said against him in a fortnight or ten days, and an action was brought against him; I was applied to as a witness.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you satisfy your mind upon enquiring that Mr. Newman, either mistakenly or designedly, told you what was wrong? A. Yes, I endeavoured to satisfy myself, and then mentioned it to Spring.
COURT. Q.When you called on Mr. Gore, had you the bill in your hand? A.Certainly not; I had not seen it, I did not think it necessary to tell him how it was accepted; I applied to him as the acceptor; I swear positively he said he did it to oblige Spring, I knew nothing about the bill, except paying the ten pounds, till about three weeks ago; I saw the ten pounds written on the back of it; I paid the ten pounds after it was due on the 27th of February; and about three weeks ago Walton applied to me to see Newman - he told him it was a forgery; I said it could not be, and told me if Newman would pay him, by all means to take the money - I knew where Gore lived when I paid the ten pounds; Walton had told me it was accepted by Gore, a butcher, in Camomile-street; I cannot recollect whether he told me his christian name; the bill was never in my possession.
Q.Did you ask Gore how he could know nothing about it if he accepted it to serve the prisoner? A.No; I thought it proceeded merely from his manner; I had no further conversation with him about the acceptance - I have seen the prisoner write; I should say the signature 
               M.J. 
            Spring, to the bill, is not his writing, the indorsement I should say is his writing.
JAMES WALTON. I received the bill on the 23rd of November.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q.When did Wagner agree to the guarantee? A.It might be about Christmas; I had some doubts about the bill and he gave the guarantee to strengthen it; I had not then delivered all the timber.


                  JOHN 
                  WAGNER
               



            . I called and paid Mr. Walton the ten pounds - I had been apprised of the bill not being paid.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q.What took you to Spring's house, where you first saw Walton? A.I had sent my servant with a note to Spring's on the previous day, (Sunday,) he brought an answer that he had been distrained on; I went to discover where he was gone.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Then the prisoner left without giving you any notice at all? A.I knew nothing of it.


                  THOMAS 
                  URSDEN
               



             GORE. I knew Mr. Newman before this transaction.


                  Henry 
                  Hide
               



             of Mark-lane, wine-merchant, and 
               
                  William 
                  Smart
               



            , a Juror, gave the prisoner a good character.




               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - Recommended to mercy.




               Transported for Life
            .
