






787. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CARTWRIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of March
, 61 lbs. of sugar, value 1l. 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Ford
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  ISAAC 
                  JOHN ISAACS
               



             (Police-constable H 69). On the 18th of March I was in Cable-street


, at half-past nine o'clock - I saw a waggon at the corner of a street - the prisoner and two other men were with it; it stopped, and the men all got on the waggon - I watched them, and saw them opening the bags of sugar, taking out sugar from them, and putting it into a bag, which I have here - they were in the waggon a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes; the prisoner then got off - the other men remained on some time longer - they then got off and the prisoner got on, and put this bag of sugar on one of the other men's shoulder; they were taking it off - I went up; they dropped it - I took it, and secured the prisoner.
MARY FORD. I sent the prisoner to St. Katharine's-docks for a number of mats of sugar, for Messrs. Goodheart, on the day in question; I was sent for to the station, where I saw the waggon and the mats of sugar, five or six of which had been opened - the sugar found in this bag corresponds with that in the mats; there are 61 lbs. of sugar, worth 5d. per lb.
THOMAS GARTON. I am an officer. I got this certificate from Mr. Clark's office - I was present when the prisoner was tried in the name of John Tingay, in September, 1827 - he is the same man; he was tried for stealing sugar, and sentenced to be transported for seven years.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
