





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
431. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     MILWOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, 1 box, value 6d.; 1 bonnet, value 9s.; 7 caps, value 3s. 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d., and 3 feathers, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Amelia 
                     Blackman
                  




               
            .


                  AMELIA 
                  BLACKMAN
               



            . On the 18th of December I was living at my uncle's, York-terrace, York-street, Westminster - owing to the death of my uncle, I gave my father a box, containing these things, to take in his cart to Tottenham; they were mine - the handkerchief was round the box: I found them next day in the possession of Peacock.


                  ROBERT 
                  BLACKMAN
               



            . My daughter delivered me three boxes about nine o'clock at night, at York-street - I drove to Tottenham; it is an open light cart - the boxes were covered with a Russia mat; about a quarter to ten o'clock, when I was in Barbican


, I saw the mat raised up, and in a minute saw the prisoner lift the box up - I could distinguish his features; I struck at him with my whip, and called Stop thief! I lost sight of him while I got out of the cart - he went about four yards from the cart, then dropped the box, and ran off; I stooped to take it up, and lost sight of him, but saw him in custody in about a minute - I was confident of him, and said so at the time; I have not a doubt of his being the man.


                  MARY 
                  SCOTT
               



            . I am Blackman's daughter, and was in the cart with him; he said he saw the mat move - I saw the prisoner take the box, and never lost sight of him at all; I am sure of him - I saw him drop it: he ran a very short distance, and was taken by a young man.


                  ROBERT 
                  PURDY
               



            . I heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner drop the box two or three yards from the cart - he ran part of the way down Barbican, then turned back to go into a court, and I secured him, without losing sight of him.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
