



2228. 




THOMAS CLARKE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of August, 2 rings, value 20s.; 1 oz. 5 dwts. of gold, value 2l.; the good of 



Charles Kinnear, his master.







CHARLES KINNEAR
. I am a goldsmith. The prisoner has been in my employment some years—I have missed large amounts of gold—on the 16th of September I required some gold that was in the prisoner's possession—I caused his drawer to be opened by the foreman, and missed nearly two ounces—I was satisfied he must have taken it from his drawer, and sent for him—he was absent from home—I sent a message that be must come to me immediately, and on the Sunday he came—I was in the workshop—I said he had stolen the gold—he said he had not—I still persisted in the charge, and said he had stolen some rings—he said he had one ring, and he pulled it from his pocket—I said he had done very wrong as I had missed a considerable quantity of property, and would give him into custody—I said I knew he had pawned part of it, and had sold some to refiners—he then admitted part of it was pawned, and I asked for the tickets—he said they were at home with his wife—he begged very hard that I would let him go, and said he could make it right—I said he must go before the Court—I sent for my foreman, and to him he confessed something—I sent for an officer and gave him in charge—the wife gave seven or eight duplicates to the officer—the prisoner said he was in distress, and took it intending to return it—he had been with me nearly five years—I have lost seven or eight ounces of gold in a fortnight.

Prisoner. You promised, if I gave up the duplicates, you would for give me before the officer came—I should have made it good. Witness. I made no such promise.

Prisoner. Mr. Reynolds kept tie gold account three years, and Mr. Bannister after that; and the two men that were discharged were on Mr. Clapham's account, not mine—he never suspected me before. Witness, I have lost gold before that—on the last weighing up he had eight or nine ounces, and was supposed to have used loz. 5dwts.—I required it at the close of the day, and it was two ounces short.

Prisoner. You know I melted all the gold, and there is a great deal of waste—the gold was not made up correctly the last time.





SAMUEL BROWNING
. I am shopman to Thomas Stevens, a pawn broker, living in Wardour-street, Soho. I took part of this property from the prisoner—it is a piece of gold—eight articles were pawned by the prisoner; the first on the 7th of April, the last on the 25th of August.





GEORGE FARMER
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Wardour-street, Soho. This ring was pawned by a young woman, who is not here.





GEOROE SMITH
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody at Mr. Kinnear's on the 17th of September—the prisoner acknowledged to me that he had pledged the articles.





CHARLES KINNEAR
. I have no doubt of this property being mine; but some of the lumps it would be impossible to recognise.

Prisoner. He employed a foreman, who absconded, and did not make up his account—the persons who were discharged were not on my account—mine was always correct before this time—I acknowledged what I had pledged, but it was through the greatest distress—I expected every day to get better—I was under the doctor's hand at the time—I have pledged things before, and got them out again—I told him I had pledged it, and he knew what I had suffered by illness—he said he would not hurt me if I had given up the duplicates—I sent for them, and my wife brought

them—I should have got these things out the next day—I have before paid 15s. a week for a loss which I had, and I thought he would do the same again, make it a debt, as he had done before—that was the cause of my giving the duplicates up.
(Joseph Williams, a goldsmith and jeweller, of George's-row, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 45.—


Transported for Seven Years.
