






991. 




RICHARD SKATES,



 MARY ANN M'CARTY,



 MARY CARROLL
, and 




MARY MORGAN
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
23rd of March, 4 handkerchiefs, value 20s., the goods of 



Thomas Foster; and that Mary Ann M'Carty had been before convicted of felony.






SAMUEL WARD
. I am shopman to Thomas Foster, a linen-draper, in the Oxford-street. On the afternoon of the 23rd of March, I saw the three female prisoners in the shop, about four o'clock—Carroll and Morgan first came in, and asked to look at some silk pocket-handkerchiefs—I showed them some—they objected to the price, and went out—they came in again in a few minutes in company with M'Carty—they bought one handchief between them—it came to 3s. 6d.—M'Carty gave me the money for it, and they left the shop—in consequence of information which I received from a person named Lathart, I missed from the windows two pieces containing four handkerchiefs, one three, and the other a single handkerchief.





JOSEPH DAVIS LATHART
. I live in Bath-place, Bayswater. On the afternoon of the 23rd of March I saw the four prisoners together in my Oxford-street—I followed and saw them go into several shops—M'carty and Morgan went into the first shop, Carroll waiting outside—the next shop they went to, the three women went in, and the man remained outside—they went down Oxford-street, by Foster's shop, to Mr. Taylor's—I met a policeman, and told him my suspicions—we followed—they met some more companions, and went over to a public-house, after which they left their companions—they went over to Mr. Taylor', the three women going in, and the man remaining outside—in a few mimutes Carroll came out with something bulky under her cloak, and turned up Hanway-yard—the man followed her close up—I did not see M'carty or Morgan in Foster's shop—I saw three loose handkerchiefs drop from M'Carty at the station-house, and a red one from Morgan—I met them, I suppose, after they had been into Foster's shop.

Skates. I was with three young men, not with these women. Witness. He was with the three women—they went westward, then came back, and went eastward.

COURT. Q. Was he joining them from time to time? A. Every time they came out of the shops he joined them—I was watching them for above three quarters of an hour—I counted five shops that they went in to.





JOHN SMITHERS
 (police-constable C 71.) I saw the three prisoner's at

Mr. Taylor's shop—the male prisoner was standing outside—I saw Carroll come out with something bulky under her cloak—Skates followed her down Hanway-yard—Leonard laid hold of Carroll, and a roll of serge fell from her—I secured Skates—they were looking at table-cloths, at Taylor's—I thought M'Carty was concealing something under her shawl—I took Skates back into Mr. Taylor's shop—he asked me where I wasgoing to take him—I said, "To the station-house"—he said he should not—he tried to get away from me, and threw me down an area at the house—I saw this handkerchief fall from one of the three women.





WILLIAM BALSTER
. I am shopman to Henry Taylor. I saw the three female prisoners in his shop—they asked to look at some table-covert—two of them came up to the counter, and one stopped at the door—I saw no more of them then—the two looked at table-covers, and in a few minutes the policeman and another man brought in the male prisoner and he other female—it was about half-past six o'clock.
Morgan. I did not drop the red handkerchief. Witness. She did, M'Carty dropped her apron over it.





SAMUEL WOOD

re-examined. These handkerchiefs are the tame pattern and quality as we lost from the shop—I believe them to be ours—no one was in the shop when the three prisoners came in.

Defence. I was in Oxford-street, with three young men—I at into a public-house, and met these young women—they all went in have something to drink, and came out—the three women went one way, and I the other—the policeman came and shoved me into the shop, and afterwards crossed the road, and said he was going to take me—three more young men were in company with the women, as well as myself—I ever taw the women before that day.





WILLIAM FEATHERTON
 (police-constable N 7.) I produce a certificate of M'Cartby'4 former conviction, which I got from the office of the Clerk of the Peace for Surrey—I was present at her trial, in May, 1837—she is the person who was then convicted—(read.)

M'Carthy's Defence. I was innocent of it—my husband promised a boy 10s. to come against me on that occasion. Witness. I know of nothing of the sort—I have no reason to believe it was a conspiracy—she was convicted the name of Hamilton.

SKATES*—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

M'CARTY*—


GUILTY
. Aged. 23.




Transported for seven Years.

CARROLL—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.

MORGAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.





Confined Twelve Months.
