



1535. 




WILLIAM COOPER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of June. 1 pair to trowsers, value 5s.; 1 jacket, value 2s. 6d.; 2 shirts, value 3s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d.; 1 apron, value 6d.; and 3 handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 




James Curd, in a vessel on a navigable river.






JAMES CURD
. I belong to The Emerald steamer, which goes from Nicholson's wharf to Boulogne. I had a bundle in the fore-cabin, containing the articles stated—I saw it on board at nine o'clock on the 14th of June—the prisoner was going on shore with it—we saw him on board at Greenwich—he was going on shore at the wharf—my bundle was under a box—I was called by a young man, and saw the prisoner with the bundle on the paddle-box.

Prisoner. Q. You say you saw me at Greenwich? A. I saw you at Greenwich—I do not know when you came on board.
(Property produced and sworn to.)





ROBERT JOHN MAJOR
. I am knife-boy on board The Emerald. I saw the prisoner on board—I have seen him before in The Red Rover—he had nothing to do on board The Emerald—I do not know where Curd kept his clothes, but I saw the prisoner take them out of the cabin, and go on deck—I told Curd of it, and he went to him.


Prisoner, When the excursion party came down I was taken by the waiter into one of the side-cabins, and the gentleman asked you, "Can you swear that this man took the bundle cut of the fore-cabin?" and you said, "Yes. "Witness. Yes, I did—I did not say it was not five minutes ago—I did not tell the Lord Mayor I saw it at Greenwich—I told the prosecutor directly I saw it.





HENRY GLEEVES
. I am a waiter on board this steamer. I caught the prisoner going over the side of the vessel with the bundle of clothes—he had no right on board that steamer at all—I never saw him on board before—he said he had come on board to try to get a situation, and the vessel had left the quay before he could get on shore again.
(Elisabeth Craddock gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 21—


Transported for Seven Years.
