



2293. 




JOSEPH WHEELER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
10th of October, an order for the payment of£50., the property of 



George M'Nally.






GEORGE M'NALLY
. I am a carpenter, and live in Park-street, Camdentown. On Tuesday the 9th of October, I was engaged to remove some furniture to the Regent's-park—I had a coat on which I hung in the hall—my pocket-book was in the pocket, containing a cheque of £50, which I received from Mr. Alger, in part payment of the work I had done for him—I missed my coat—the cheque was drawn on Praed's bank—this is it—(looking at. it)—payment was stopped—I wrote my name across the cheque when I received it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long before you hung your coat up in the hall had you seen the cheque? A. About an hour and

three-quarters—I put it on a sofa inside the hall—I left the door open—it was a good way from the high road—I put my coat there about four o'clock on the Tuesday.





ROBERT FREDERICK SMITH
. I um clerk to Mr. Alger, of Bedford-row. This cheque was paid to the prosecutor—I have the margin of it in the cheque-hook—Mr. Alger wrote a notice to stop the payment.





CLARKE EDWARD TOMALIN
. I am clerk to Messrs. Praeds. On Wednesday, the 10th of October, the prisoner came to our banking-house between ten and eleven o'clock, and presented this cheque—I asked him where he brought it from—he said from Mr. Wheeler, of Prince-street, Red Lion-square—we detained him, and sent for an officer.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure you asked him where be brought it from, or where he came from? A. Where he brought it from, I think—I do not think I asked where he came from—I will not be quite sure—I wished to ascertain where he got the cheque—I asked him if his name was Wheeler—he said he came from Wheeler, of Princes-street.





THOMAS EVORS
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner—I asked him where he got the cheque from—he said an entire stranger met him in the street, and gave it to him, and told him if he got it cashed, he should receive 5s. for his trouble—the prisoner called him self Joseph Wheeler—I found a card on him of a cabinet-maker named Baker—he said he was going to that person.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe he made the same statement at the station-house? A. I believe so—I found that he did reside at 15, Princes-street, Red Lion-square—it is his father's residence, and he was living with his father at the time—the prisoner's mother brought a person before the Magistrate as the person who had given him the cheque—I had not seen that man in his company—I believe one or two officers had.
(Eliza Haddock, widow, Three Cups-yard, Bedford-row; Ann Cooper, Princes-street, wife of a coach-maker; Elizabeth Booth, Princes-street; Robert Brodie, cabinet-maker, London-street, Tottenham-court-road; Charles Cowler, cabinet-maker, Holland-street; and John Setty, looking glass manufacturer, Red Lion-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 20.—Recommended to mercy.





Transported for Seven Years.
