




466. 




WILLIAM SIMPSON
 and 




WILLIAM FORBES
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
7th of December, at 
St. Mary Magdalene, 
Old Fish-street, 1 cash-box, value 3s.; 3 bags, value 6d.; 9 sovereigns, 3 halfsovereigns, 18 shillings, 1 sixpence, 10s. in copper-money, and 2 £5 bank notes, the goods and monies of 



Daniel Staples, in his dwelling-house.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution,






WILLIAM PRTER
. My brother-in-law keeps the Crown and Sceptre, in Old 'Change. Previous to the 7th of September, and on that day, I was assisting him in his business, as he had been unwell—about half-past seven o'clock that morning, a person came in and called for a glass of gin—he was immediately followed in by the two prisoners—they followed one another in as quickly as they could—the first person stood against the counter at the bar—when the prisoners came in I noticed all three winking together and nodding their heads at each other, and rubbing their hands, making

signs to each other—the prisoners consulted together to know what they should have, and Simpson asked for a glass of hot rum and water—I went a few steps to get hot water, having none in the bar, and as I returned' I saw the person who first came in and is not in custody, coming out of the bar—the prisoners were standing in the same position as I left them, leaning over the counter, the cash-box being immediately under where they leant—I asked Simpson what that person did in the bar—he looked very much confused and hesitated, and then said he thought he was our baker come in to warm his hands—I said he could not think that, as they were pals of each other—Simpson immediately asked me to draw him two glasses of ale quick—I drew them—he gave me a shilling, and I gave him eightpence out—they both drank some—I then immediately looked for the cashbox, and missed it directly—I said, "That chap has stolen the cash-box"—Forbes immediately left what ale was in his glass, and shot away out at the door—Simpson was leaving in the same way—I ran round and collared him—he said he would go out to look to his horse and cart—I said he should not till I got an officer—one was fetched, and I gave him in charge—Forbes has shaved some of his whiskers off since he was committed.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. The prisoners came in together did they? A. Yes, very shortly after the other man—there was a good deal of winking—I do not know whether it was Newgate market morning—there was a cart outside belonging to somebody—Simpson was driving it I understand, but I did not see him driving—he brought a whip in in his hand—I always mentioned that they were pals—I was examined before, but all I said is not down—Forbes went out before Simpson—he did not wish him good morning before he went out—I never said he did—Simpson said he wished him good morning, but he did not—he told me in the bar before the officer came that he wished him good morning, but he did not—he said nothing at all—Forbes shot out of the door directly—he never said a word to him—I never saw Forbes before—it was about a fortnight before I saw him again—he was about half-an-hour in the house altogether—it might be rather more or not so much—I cannot say to five minutes—I was waiting on other customers—there were customers in the tap-room further back, and quite out of sight—it was about half-past seven o'clock in the morning that I missed the cash-box—I had the gas lighted—the other man was dressed as a grocer, with a long white apron on.

Q. Except from winking and that there was nothing to show them in company together? A. No, that was quite enough—I cannot say that I saw the other man exchange a word with Forbes—I saw them wink at each other when they came in—they winked twice—that excited my suspicion—I was hardly out of sight when I went to get the water—it was my place to fetch what they asked for—I was hardly out of sight.

COURT. Q. How soon before that had your attention been called to the cash-box? A. While they were in the place—I had given change out of it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Who had yon given change to? A. To a customer in the tap-room—I had seen the cash-box eight or nine minutes before I missed it—there was some bread on the counter at the time Simpson said he thought it was the baker had gone in to warm his hands—it was there before they came in—the man was not dressed like a baker—it was before I said that chap had stolen the cash-box, that Simpson ordered the ale—that is the truth—they drank part of it afterwards—it.

was one of the three went into the bar—the cash-box was not on Simpson—I do not know whether it was on Forbes, as he ran away.





DANIEL STAPLES
. My house is in the parish of St. Mary Magdalene, Old Fish-street. On the morning of the 7th of December I was alarmed by my brother-in-law—my cash-box that morning contained 22l. 13s.—there was two £5 notes, and 8l. in gold in one small bag, two sovereigns and a half, and five or six shillings in another bag, and in a memorandum was thirteen shillings in silver and other loose money—I went for the officer who took Simpson into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long before had you seen the cash-box? A. I gave it out to my brother about half-past six o'clock that morning.





JAMES CUTHBERT
. I am an officer. I took charge of Simpson—there was a horse and cart at the door—there had been a name and address on it, but it had been daubed out by some kind of colouring—I could have read it by strictly looking underneath, but I did not—Forbes has alteted his whiskers since I took him into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. How has he altered them? A. They are not so thick by a great deal—I had a man named Palmer in custody, but who goes by the name of Harry Brown I believe—I took him because I found him in company with Forbes.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How came you to let him go? A. Pryer saw him and could not identify him—he never expressed the least doubt about Forbes—Palmer is not at all like Forbes.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you search Simpson? A. Yes, and found 10s. 8d., a watch, and knife upon him.

COURT
to
WILLIAM PRYER. Q. Could any body have taken the cash-box before the man in the apron went into the bar? A. Nobody; nor was anybody else near the place—I am certain nobody could take it—I had not been in the tap-room—I had given change to a person who came out of the tap-room, out of the cash-box, but I had not been out of the bar—I could not have served above one customer during the nine minutes—I am quite positive nobody could have taken it till I turned my back to get the hot water.

JURY. Q. Was the change you gave the customer given in the prisoner's presence? A. Yes—I took it out of the cash-box and returned the box to its place—I did not turn my back after that before I went for the water—I gave the man the change over the counter—my attention was not drawn from the cash-box.

SIMPSON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 32.

FORBES*—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.




Transported for Ten Years.
