






633. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     HAYNES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 16th of January
, 2 horses, price 20l., and 1 mare, price 10l., the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Elson
                        




                     
                  , well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute, & c.
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
WILLIAM ELSON. I live at Bramshot, near Liphook, in Hampshire. On the 14th of January I had three pony horses and a mare - one of the horses was brown, another a dark brown, and the third a black stallion; the mare was brown - on that day they had been employed in carrying stones on the road, and I put them up about four o'clock at night; I saw them safe in the stable between seven and eight - I got up in the morning between five and six, found the stable door broken, thrown open, and the mare, the black horse, and one of the brown ones were gone; as soon as it got day-light I looked about, and tracked two men on a dung-hill, and off again; I also tracked the feet of three borses behind a cart, up the hill, where they had turned off towards the common, and a cart appeared to have been tied to a hedge - the horses appeared to have been tied behind the cart, and to have hung back when they first started - I followed the track on for ten miles in the London road, towards Godalming; I afterwards came to London, where I saw Pople and Curtis - I missed the horses on a Saturday morning, and came to London on the Thursday following; I went to Union-ball, and saw the officers - they produced the two horses and the mare which I had lost, all three together; I am quite sure they are my horses, and were what I had seen safe in my stable.


                  SARAH 
                  KITCHING
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Kitching
               



            - he is a publican, and keeps the Bee Hive public-house, at Hayes, or Yeading - I know the prisoner; he had slept in our house. On the morning of Saturday, the 15th of January, I went to the door about eleven, or between eleven and twelve o'clock, and saw the prisoner standing at our stable door - he had a black pony, with a long tail, with him; at the same time I saw a person go by in a cart - it was in consequence of what I saw that person do that I looked to the stable door, and saw the prisoner - when the prisoner had put the pony into the stable, he came into my house, with the saddle on his arm - he had something to drink; I believe a small glass of brandy; he then went away, but came again in the course of the day, slept there that night, and came down stairs the next morning while we were at breakfast; I had noticed the man with the cart had another horse tied at the side - my son came home late on that Saturday night; I saw the same pony which I had seen at the stable door, in the possession of the officer in London - I have not the least doubt of its being the same; I know a cottage near the Bee Hive, in which Moffatt, who I had seen in the cart, and a man named Holding, live - they were acquainted with the prisoner; I had seen them altogether often - the prisoner, Moffat, Holding, and two other friends had supped together at our house on that Saturday night.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you say at the last trial that you had seen these men often together? A. I will not swear that I did - it was in the middle of the day that I saw him with the pony by our stable door; our house stands a little way back from the public road, but it joins it - he could not have got to the stable without going along the public road; I think I had known him three months before: I do not know whether he is in the habit of buying and selling horses - I think I had seen him with a horse once before, but he generally came to Moffat's, and walked from there to our house - we do not keep an ostler; the prisoner gave me no charge to keep it secret - the pony was put into the stable, to which travellers or strangers might have access.


                  THOMAS 
                  KITCHING
               



            . JUN. I am the son of Mrs. Kitching. I came home on Saturday night, the 15th of January, between six and seven o'clock - I remember seeing the prisoner next morning up against our door; he had a black pony, with a long tail; he called out to me, "Who is the boy for a ride;" I said, "Yes, if you like" - he helped me on the pony, and told me to take him down to my father's orchard, which I did, and the prisoner followed me; I took the halter off the pony, turned him loose, and the prisoner told me to drive him up amongst my father's horses, which I did - I saw that pony afterwards in the stable by Union-hall; I am sure it was the same pony - I think it was the week afterwards.
Cross-examined. Q. Were there any white spots about this black pony? A. I did not take notice of that in particular - I did not observe whether there was a large white spot on one of his sides, nor whether the left ear was cropped, or whether he had two white fore-legs; but I know the horse I saw afterwards was the one I rode I did not notice whether he had a white spot on his forehead, but I am sure the horse I saw was the same I rode- it was about fifteen miles from our house to where I saw him again in town; I should have known him any where, but not by any particular mark; he was not a very remarkable horse - I did not say at Union-hall I would not swear to the horse, not to my recollection; I cannot swear I did not - I had seen the prisoner about twice before that day; I knew his name was Charles; he had been at my father's on the Saturday night and the Sunday night.


                  THOMAS 
                  KITCHING
               



            , SEN. I keep the Bee Hive, at Hayes. On Saturday morning, the 15th of January, I went to my stable, between seven and eight o'clock; there were no horses in the stable then - they were all at work; I went out on a journey, and returned about four in the afternoon - I went to my stable, and saw a black stallion pony, with a long tail; I afterwards saw the same pony in possession of Pople and Curtis, the officers - I know it was the same.
Cross-examined. Q. You took notice of it? A. Yes, I had seen it in my journey - I met the prisoner and Moffatt with a cart; one horse was in the shafts of the cart, one tied to the shafts, and this black pony following behind, either tied or very close to the cart - there was no man in the cart; Moffatt was behind the cart, and the prisoner about twenty yards behind him - I do not know where Liphook is, but I met them on the road between the Uxbridge and the Bath roads, about ten o'clock on the Saturday morning; I did not see them talk together, but they were going in a direction towards Moffatt's house - I am sure there were only two men; I had known the prisoner about two months - he had slept at my house abouta week before; I had never seen him buy or sell horses - he had put one up; I did not take particular notice of the left ear of the pony - the whole ear was not off, there might be a bit of it off; it was a white-faced pony - the greater part of his face was white; I did not see that he had white legs - I did not notice the two fore-legs, but it was a stallion - it had a long tail, a white face, and the pony I saw at Union-hall was the same pony; the legs might have been all white for what I know - the tall was not white; the prisoner slept at my house on the Saturday night, and had a cup of tea there on Sunday morning - I saw no secrecy about him.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. This was about ten o'clock? A. Yes - I saw the pony in possession of the officer the next day, and knew it to be the same.
RICHARD POPLE. I am an officer of Union-hall. I heard of the loss of Elson's horses, and in consequence of information, I went down to Hayes, with Curtis, on the 16th of January - we went to a cottage, about one hundred yards from the Bee Hive; I understand that is about forty miles from Lipbook, but I do not know it - when we got to the cottage, Curtis went in first; the door opens into the kitchen, and I saw a bay mare standing before the fireplace - I heard a noise backwards, and ran to the back door; I saw a woman holding her hand out - I saw the prisoner running across the orchard, and Curtis after him; Curtis had a pair of pistols. and I heard him threaten to shoot the prisoner if he did not stop - the prisoner had got over a gate and a ditch into the road; I returned to the kitchen - the mare was still there; I looked and saw some hair about, and I saw the mare had been cropped in the fetlocks - I then went to the stable belonging to the house, and found the two stallions; the prisoner, the two stallions, and the mare, were all brought to London - they all had long tails; Mr. Elson saw them, and claimed them.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see nobody else at the cottage, but the woman and the prisoner? A. I saw no other person in the cottage - I saw a man outside the door; I did not speak to him - I will swear I did not say to him."Did not I see you somewhere before?" I do not recollect that Curtis spoke to him - he might, and I not hear it; I was not asked on the last trial any thing about seeing the mare outside - he was about twenty yards from the road; he was perhaps ten or twenty yards from the cottage - I think he was coming from it; I did not see him come out of it - I really do not recollect seeing Curtis at the moment I saw that man; he might be engaged in the stable - he did not speak to the man in my presence; I saw a chaise on the premises - I did not ask that man whose it was, but I think I asked the prisoner.


                  ROBERT 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I am an officer of Union-hall. I went with Pople to Hayes on the 16th of January - we went to a cottage in the neighbourhood of the Bee Hive; I went in first - I saw a mare in the room; I saw a woman in a passage leading to another room, wave her hand, as if to some person in the back part of the house - I ran to the back door, and saw the prisoner crossing an orchard; he went through a hedge, and then over a gate, into the road- I called to him. presented a pistol, and said I would shoot him if he did not stop; I took him back to the kitchen, and saw a trifle of hair had been clipped off from the fetlock joint of the mare - we then went to the stable, where I saw two ponies; one was brown, and the other black, with a streak of white down the face - we took them and the mare to London, showed them to Elson on the Thursday following, and he identified them as his property; Mrs. Kitching saw the black pony, and said she believed it was the one she had seen at the stable. and Mr. Kitching said it was the same; when we got to the Adam and Eve, about a quarter of a mile from the Bee Hive, where my horse and chaise was, the prisoner said he did not live at the cottage; I asked where he did live - he said he lodged at the Bee Hive; I asked him when - he said,"The whole of last week"
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see any man at the cottage, or near the cottage, where you saw the woman? A. yes, there were persons in the road - I saw a man, and spoke to him, but did not ask him any question; I saw a chaise in the yard belonging to the stable.
Q. Did you ever say you believed this man stole the pony? A. No, I believe he was in league with others -I never did say I believed he stole the pony individually.
Q. Did you ever swear it? now be careful, for your own sake, A. No, I never was asked the question; I never said that at the time the pony was stolen he was passing through the turnpike-gate, in a direction from the place where it was stolen from; I said three men were seen, I did not say he was one of them - it was before the prisoner was tried for stealing them, that I said I could prove three men passed through the turnpike-gate.
Q. Did you ever say this, or any thing like it, that you could bring evidence to prove that the prisoner was seen coming from the road leading from Liphook towards the Bee Hive? A. I have said that witnesses could prove that three men were seen - I do not know the prisoner was one; I never said I could have witnesses to prove that the prisoner was seen on the road - I said three men were seen at a village below.
Q. Was it not upon your swearing at Union-ball that you believed the prisoner stole the horses, that he was remanded? A. No, he was remanded on the charge of having committed divers felonies and horse-stealing, in the County of Hants.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you afterwards show the prosecutor the horses? A. Yes, and he identified them.
COURT to 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  KITCHING
               



            , SEN. Q. You have stated that on the morning of the 15th of January, you met Moffatt with a cart, a horse tied to the shaft, and another tied behind? A. I will not say he was tied - he was very close to the cart; that was between two and three miles from my house, and it was about ten o'clock as near as I can guess.
COURT to 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  CURTIS
               



            . Q. Did you at any time state that you believed this man stole the horse? A. I believed that till I was convinced, by what passed in the other Court, that it was not so.
COURT to MRS. KITCHING. Q. Could not the prisoner as easily have taken the pony to the house where the mare was found, as he could have brought him to your house? A. Yes, it is about the same little distance from the road.
Prisoner's Defence. My Lord and Gentlemen of the Jury - I leave it to them to answer whether I should have taken the pony to the Bee Hive, if I had known it was stolen - I am quite innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
