






617. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     WOODCOCK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of February
, 26 yards of cotton, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Brown
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEATH
               



            . I live with Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Brown
               



            , a linen-draper
, of Shadwell


. On the 10th of February the two prisoners came to his shop together, and looked at some printed cottons - I was standing by, and noticed that Smith held up several pieces rather higher than persons generally do, which concealed Woodcock very much; they still kept on together, and after some time I missed a piece of cotton from the counter, containing about sixteen yards - I looked for the Policeman, who came and found it up Woodcock's clothes, and another piece hanging to her tail; there was nothing found on Smith.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERT GARDE
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I went to the shop, and took the prisoners; I found this piece of cotton between Woodcock's legs, and as she was going out of the shop I saw about a yard of this other hanging behind her - I found no money on either of them.
WILLIAM SHEATH. These are my employer's property- they had both bartered and looked at the goods; they pretended to buy a dress, and said they would leave 1s. on it.
WOODCOCK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
