






637. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     KING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of December

, 4 half-crowns, 6 shillings, and 6 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Nathaniel 
                     Edwards
                  



               
            .


                  NATHANIEL 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am a publican
, and live in Bethnal-green. On the 26th of December, about seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner, who is a stranger, came to my house and ordered a pot of half-and-half, to be sent to Mr. Lane, No. 6, Abbey-place



, where I reside - I was to send change for a sovereign; I called my servant, and sent him with the half-and-half and the change, in half-crowns, shillings, and sixpences; I should have given him 19s. and 7d.; but I gave him 19s. and 8d. by mistake; I told him to be cautious; he went out, and was gone seven or eight minutes - I got anxious about him, and went out; I met him in the street, and he gave me the sovereign, as he supposed - the moment I got it into the light, I found it was a gilt shilling; the prisoner was not taken for three weeks or a month after - I am sure she is the person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LOVETT
               



            . I am pot boy to the prosecutor. I took the pot of half-and-half to the mangler's, as I was ordered; I knocked - there was no one at home: I then went to another mangler; the persons there said they had not ordered it - I was crossing the road and met the prisoner; she said, "Have you got the half-and-half and the change?" I said "Yes, if you give me the sovereign;" she gave me what I thought was a sovereign, and I gave her the change; she said, "Take the half-and-half to the mangler's and tell them I am gone to Clark's, for some cheese" - I went there again, and they said they had ordered none; I stood looking about- my master came, and I went home with him; I would not have given the change if I had not thought it a good sovereign.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM WINTLE
               



            . I took the prisoner and have the gilt shilling, which I received from the prosecutor.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am inspector of counterfeit coin. This is a shilling which has been gilt.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not pass it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
638. ELIZA KING was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of January

, 1 half-sovereign, 9 shillings, and 1 sixpence
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Young
                  



               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am the wife of George Young - he keeps the Black-horse, in Kingsland-road

 About nine o'clock in the evening on the 17th of January, a man came in and desired me to send a pot of half-and-half to Mr. Anderson's, the doctor, in North-place



, and change for a sovereign; I sent my boy with it, giving him a half-sovereign and nine shillings and a sixpence; he returned, and brought me this gilt shilling.


                  JAMES 
                  DENT
               



            . I was pot-boy to the prosecutor. I took out the half-and-half and this change; the prisoner metme just before I got to the doctor's; she asked if I was going there - I said "Yes;" she said she was coming for it, and asked if I had the change; she took the change and the half-and-half, and gave me what I thought was a sovereign, or I would not have parted with it; I am certain she is the person.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . This is a shilling, which has been gilt over.
Prisoner's Defence. I did not meet the boy.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years, for each offence
            .
There were two other indictments against the prisoner.
