



610. 




JOHN THEAK
 was indicted

for wilful and corrupt perjury.


MR. BODKIN. conducted the prosecutor.





EDWARD HENRY BURRIDGE
. I am attached to Union Hall. I produce

a summons against Mr. Cullingford, for keeping his house open during divine service—(the summons was here put in and read.)

Cross-examined by
MR. DUNBAR. Q. Were you present at the hearing of this? A. Yes; part of the time—the summons was dismissed—there is wirtten on the summons "dismissed, with costs."

MR. EDWIN. I am one of the clerks of Union Hall. I have got the minutes of evidence which I took in the case of Thomas Stowell aganist Robert Cullingford—(read) "John Theak, of No. 8. Union-place, Newington says; on Sunday, the 6th of December, a at twenty minutes before one o'clock in the morning, I was by the defendant's house—I saw two respectabel men go into the house, and at the same time two men come out with pipes in their mouths; and soon after a female came out with a mug of beer—I had a watch which I compared with Newington Church, and found it correct. "

Cross-examined. Q. What, do you call twenty minutes past one o'clock in the morning; you call past twelve o'clock afternoon? A. I should call it so—the name of the defendant's house is not stated in the deposition—I do not remember hearing the oath administered—the prisoner was ordered to pay the costs of the summons, which were 2s. or 3s., I belive—the same defendant was brought up before, but I cannot tell how long before(I belive within six months) by the same informer and the same witness—I belive the fine was 40s.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What were the names of the Magistrates present? A. James Trail and Henry Jeremy.





THOMAS DAVID TAYLOR
. I am a solicitor, and am concerned for Mr. Cullingford—I attended on the 13th of December, when this cast was heard at Union Hall, before Mr. Trail and Mr. Jeremy—the prisoner appeared as a witness—he was sworn to tell truth, the whole truth, and nothing bot the truth—he was then examined, and his depositions taken and road by the clerk—the Magistrate dismissed the summon with costs—I asked Mr. Jeremy what costs I was to receive—he said 3s.—I cross-examined the prisoner, and while the Magistrate was speaking to me, Mr. Cullingford had paid 3s. instead of my receiving it—I thought it was no matter.

Cross-examined. Q. Your client pleaded not guilty?" A. Yes—the name of the house is written up. "Country Terrace Tavern, "but the right name is County Coffee-house—they should alter it—it is situated in the county Terrace, New Kent-road.





JOHN HOWELL
. I am a tailor, and live at No. 108, London-road. I know Mr. Cullingford, who keeps the Country Coffee-house—I work for him—on the Thursday before Sunday the 6th of December, I received an order from him for a waistcoat—it was no done in time to be there before church began or the Sunday, and I went to get there at the time church was over, but I got there about ten minutes before one—I met Thomas Miles on the way, and he walked with me—when we got here the door was shut—Mrs. cullingford was in the bar-parlour—there is a window from there, which looks into the street—I looked through, and saw her there—I held the handkerchief that contained the waistcoat up to the window—she knew me, and the door was opened by the boy who goes by the name of Henry—on going, in, Mrs. Cullingford was just coming out of the bar-parlour into the bar, apparently to go up-stairs I should Presume—the bar-maid was in the bar at the time—nobody quitted the house when I went in.

Q. Could two men have left the house when you and Mr. Miles went

in, with pipes, without your observing them? A. Certainly not—nobody went in at the same time with Mr. Miles and myself—I found no female with a mug in her hand, as if served with beer—no female went out—I staid at the bar a minute and a half or two minutes, and after that went into the parlor—I had a view of the tap-room—there were no people there—the door makes a very great noise when it opens—it is in a dilapidated state, and tied at top and bottom—there is a stone flooring, and the bolt shoots makes a noise—I might not have heard that door open, if the parlour door had been shut, but I had the parlourd-oor in my hand, waiting for Mr. Cullingford to come down stairs, and in the situation in which I was placed I think the front door could not have opened without my seeing it—Mr. Cullingford came down stairs shortly, and we had some talk about the waistcoat—while we were talking, the pot-boy came to the room door, and told him it was near the time to open the house—I think he said it wanted about two minutes and a half to the time—Mr. Cullingford said. "Go up and look what o'clock it is, "and he went—Mr. Cullingford said, "We will not open the door, we had better be a minutes or two after than before the time"—there is a window on the staircase, which looks out on Trinity church clock—it would not he necessary to open the front door to see that—I and my friend stopped in the parlour a few seconds, and then came out of the parlour—the door was opened—it was then minutes past one o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Dues this house stand at the corner of a street? A. Yes—what is called St. George's-road—there is no side-door—there are a pair of gates in the court, (which no one that I saw was admitted in or out at,) at which Mr. Cullingford was in the habit of taking his beer and lumbering things in—the parlour is in front of the tap-room—I should think it was from ten to twelve feet from the parlour-door to the street-door—I spoke to Mrs. Cullingford first—I looked into the tap-room—there was no clock in the tap-room—there is one in the bar, which I presume was going, as when I came out it was something like ten minutes past one o'clock,—I did not look at the church-cook then—the landlord did not say his clock was out of order—he sent the boy to look at the church-clock, because he wished to be accrete, through being falsely sworn against before—the people who swore against him saying, that there were six people with pipes in their mouths came out of Mr. Cullingford's—from that he was very cautious—he and I are on terms on intimacy, and he has told me he would be cautious, and make the boy look at that clock to see the time before he opened his door—I have heard him say he meant to have prosecuted the people who swore against him—the house is known either by the "County-terrace Tavern," or the "County-terrace Coffee-house"—I waited there five minutes before Mr. Cullingford came down—there is no room between the tap-room and parlour—the stain come down, and there are two doors—there is but one footway—door out of the house, and no back way only those pair of gates—till Mr. Cullingford came down I am sure no person could have come in or gone out without my hearing it; and I should think not, while I was talking to him, because the boy came in and made this remark to him—I stood close to the parlour-door—I swear people could not come in or go out with our my hearing or seeing them; and no one went out—I am sure they could not, for I recollect that Mr. Cullingford and I were talking. and I told my friend that he had been fined a few

weeks before, and he was obliged to be a little cautions—he had got his waistcoat on then—I did not say, I could not certainly say, whether any body came in and went out; I said I thought not; and now, from some circumstances, I am sure they could not—the parlour door was not shut at all—we did not sit down—I had something to drink—I do not think I took any thing till church was over; but I will not swear any thing at all about it—he did not pay me for the waistcoat—I think it was not one o'clock—I will not swear whether it was before or after—I might call for it, and leave it there—I took nothing at any other house that morning.





THOMAS MILES
. I met Mr. Howell on Sunday morning, the 6th of December, and went in with him—he made motions to some one at the bar window, and then a lad opened the door—no persons came out at the time we went in—I am sure no two men with pipes came out—the door was closed when we went in—I did not see any female inside, with a mug, getting beer—I suppose we remained in the house from twenty minutes to half an hour, I cannot say—I do not remember any thing being said about the time—I did not see any people come in before one o'clock nor the front door opened.

Cross-examined. Q. That was very good liquor you had? A. I had no liquor at all—we had some ale after he came down, and he had the waistcoat on—I left about five or ten minutes after we had the als—I do not think Cullingford drank—Howell and I did in the parlour—we had no command of the passages or doors at all—people might have) come in or gone out—there was no conversation in my presence about catching the people as the clock struck one.

Q. When did you first hear you were to be a witness? A. About a fortnight or three weeks ago—Howell knew where I lived—he never told me I was wanted till after they were before the Magistrate—I was first applied to about eight or ten days ago—some person brought me a subpœns, but I was not at home.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Were you or Mr. Howell nearest the door? A. I sat up by the fire-place, and Howell stood nearest the fire-place—that is not near the door—the door was open, and the fire-place is opposite it—the street door was closed while I was there.





ROBERT CULLINGFORD
. I am a licenced victuller, and keep the County Coffee-house, in the Kent-road. It is larger than a beer-shop—I remember Sunday, the 6th of December, Mr. Howell came to bring me a waistcoat at ten or twelve minutes, before one o'clock—my wife brought it up to me—I put it on, and came down stairs, and found Howell and Miles—the front door was shut then—on my oath it was not open from the time I came down, till one o'clock, for no purpose whatever—my boy, Jacobs came to me and stated it was one o'clock—I told him he had better go up and look at the Trinity church, whether our clock was right or no—he came and told me it wanted about two minutes, and a half—I altered my own lock, and then opened the door, and let him out with his beer.

Cross-examined. Mr. Howell was there when you altered the chock? A. Yes; he was in the parlour—the clock is in the bar—I said nothing to him about altering the clock—he heard the conversation—Howell had a glass of ale to drink—I think it was a pint of ale they had—when I came down stairs, I did not look at the clock to see what time it was—I did not know where Miles lived till after this transaction—I called on him to give evidence, I think the day before I was summoned at Union Hall—Mr. Howell and I went—the boy went first, I belive, to see if Miles was

at home, and then Mr. Howell went to him, and saw him, I believe; but I did not—he lives about a quarter of a mile from my house—I did not attempt to bring him forward till about nine days ago.





EUNICE CULLINGFORD
. I was at home on Sunday, the 6th of December. Mr. Howell came with a gentleman, about ten minutes to one o'clock—I was in the parlour, adjoining the bar—it has a bow-window, which looks into the street—the door was closed when Howell came—there were no people there for beer, nor any with pipes—I directed the door to be opened for Mr. Howell, because he held the waistcoat up to the window, that he was going to bring home for Mr. Cullingford—the door was closed again directly they came in—nobody left our house with pipes in their hands or mouths—I remained there three or four minutes after they came in, and then took the waistcoat up to my husband—I did not come down again till considerably past one—there was no female there for beer, or any leaving the house with a mug of beer in her hand.

Cross-examined. Q. How many servants are there in your house? A. Four; none of them have the liberty of serving or taking money, except the bar-maid—I believe she was drawing the boy's beer when I went up with the waiscoat—it wanted about five minutes to one o'clock then—there was no one in the bar besides, but the pot-boy—a person in the parlour cannot see the bar, unless they stand against the door—I did not come down till twenty minutes before two o'clock.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Was that a large quantity of beer that was sent out? A. About twenty pots, I believe.





MARY ANN MARQUET
. I am bar-maid at the house in question I was there on the 6th of December—Mr. Howell and Mr. Miles came in shortly before one o'clock—nobody left the house with pipes when they came in, nor any women with beer—no woman came in at all.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you draw the ale for Mr. Howell? A. Yes. one pint—I was not in the same room they drank it in—they stopped till after the house was opened—my master alters the clock regularly every Sunday morning—I do not know who altered the clock that morning—whether it was Mr. Banks or the man—he is a clock-maker—the clock always gets on a little in the week—sometimes it varies a minute—it is generally altered about half-past ten o'clock in the morning, and some body had altered it that morning.

COURT. Q. And there is a church clock? A. Yes; Trinity church—our clock is regulated ever Sunday morning by that—I cannot tell whether Mr. Banks did it, or master.





HENRY JACOB
. I was in Mr. Cullingford's service on the 6th of December—I opened the door to Mr. Howell and Mr. Miles by my mistress's order—she was in the bar—the door makes a noise—there are four bolts to it—you cannot open it without making a noise—no two men went out with pipes, or without—no person came in or went out between Mr. Howell's coming and the door being opened—I asked my master, who was in the parlour with Mr. Howell and Mr. Milles, if I was to open the door—he said not till one—we never open till one—we have got two clocks, one in the bar, and one on the staircase—that is an eight-day clock—I looked at the church clock first, and the other afterwards—my master had good reasons for being particular, because he informed against us once before—I looked at the clock, and then told my master—nobody did any thing to the clock in the bar—it did not want any thing doing to it, because it is always right, and it is regulated every week—every Monday morning—I

know the prisoner—I never said I would serve him out—I would have done him, if I had caught him—we never risked ourselves in his hand to be informed against any more—he false swore against us the first time.





THOMAS DAVID TAYLOR

re-examined. The prisoner saw Mr. Howell before the Magistrate, and heard me examine him—he said he was one of those persons who went in—I sent Howell for Miles, but he would not attend that day—I offered, if the Magistrate would adjourn the case, to produce him next day—the Magistrates said they were quite satisfied, and dismissed the case.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—



Confined One Month, and then 


Transported for Seven Years.

Fifth Jury before Mr. Common Sergeant.

