




586. 




JOHN LAKE
 and 



FRANCIS DAVIS
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of January, 1 cow, price 9l. the goods of 



John Salter.






JOHN SALTER
. I am a farmer, and live at Notting Barns farm, at Kensington, about a mile from the gravel-pits. In January last I had a cosw large in calf, which I placed in a field with some heifers, near the Cemetery, near the Harrow road—she had been there about two months along with the same heifers—I saw her safe on the 15th of January—I went to the field on Monday, the 20th, and she was not there—in consequence of information I went, on the 25th, to Holt, who keeps the green-yard at Paddington, and found my cow there—he delivered it up to me on Tuesday, the 28th—it is worth about 9l.—it was in calf, and had about three weeks to go.





JAMES JOHN BRABY
. I am a drover, in the employ of Mr. Bartram. I was in Smithfield market on Monday, the 19th of January—the prisoners came together to me and brought a cow—Lake said, there was a cow to sell—I asked him whose it was—he said "Westbrook's"—I have had cows before to sell from Westbrook, which Lake brought—he said it was to be sold—I tied it up, and they went away—about two o'clock that afternoon, Davis came and asked if it was sold—I said it was not—then Lake came within five minutes, and asked me if we had been bid any money for the cow—I said yes, we had been bid 6l. for it—he asked, "Who bid it?"—I pointed to a gentleman who had bid for it—he said, "It must be sold at whatever price It might be"—they went away, and returned again about three o'clock, which is the time the market is over—it was clearing out time—as it was not sold, I delivered it up to Lake again, to take home—it was heavy in calf—I saw it at Mr. Holt's, at the green-yard at Paddington, on the Sunday following—I am positive it was the same cow—I asked Davis where he brought the cow from—he told me Lake had employed him to help him into the market with it, and he was to give him 1s.; and he had come from Notting-hill with it—Lake was not present—I never had any thing to do with Davis before—I had sold two for Lake before, which he said came from Westbrook's—I never knew his own name—he went by the name of Westbrook, and he said the other cows were his brother's—I supposed him to be Westbrook.





PETER HOLT
. I keep the green-yard at Paddington. On the 19th of January, the prisoners came to me about four o'clock in the afternoon—I was about two hundred yards from the green-yard—Lake, who gave his name William Blake, told me they had brought a cow to the green-yard; and the woman (meaning my wife) had put it into the green-yard—I afterwards went to the green-yard with the prisoners, and found the cow there—I asked them where they had brought it from—Lake said, they

found it—it was astray in Oxford-street, and a policeman told them to bring it to the green-yard—I asked them who the policeman was—Lake said, how should they know? he did not take notice—I asked him his name—he gave his name "William Blake"—he asked me for something for his trouble—I told him, when the owner came, and took the cow out, he would have something—he seemed very much dissatisfied, and wished to have something then, and I gave them a shilling between them—the other prisoner gave the name of "Charles Johnson"—Lake began using very bad language when I gave him the shilling, and said, if he had taken it to Kensington, he should have had five shillings—they went away—on Sunday, the 25th, Salter came to me—I showed him the cow the prisoners brought me, and he claimed it—I gave it up to him on the Tuesday—I did not know either of the prisoners before.





ALFRED BLUNDELL
 (policeman T 24.) In consequence of information, I took Lake into custody on Monday, the 26th—I met him coming up Notting-hill, about a quarter before seven o'clock in the morning—I crossed over and said, "I believe your name it William Blake"—he said "No, it is not, it is John Lake"—I said, "You must go with me to the station-house"—he said, "What for?"—I said, "On suspicion of stealing a cow from Salter"—he said, "I know nothing about any cow"—I laid hold of his collar—he said, "You need not collar me, I will walk"—I said, "I have got you, and shall keep fast hold of you"—he used a bad expression, what he would do to me if I did not let him go—on going along I said, "You recollect the cow you drove to the green-yard last Monday"—he said, "Oh, I found that cow in Oxford-street"—I said, "I believe that cow belongs to Mr. Salter"—he said, "I know nothing about who it belongs to"—I took him to the station-house, and he said there, he knew nothing about it, more than driving it to the green-yard—he used to go by the name of "double-jointed Jack"—I do not know his real name.





RICHARD HANCOCK
 (police-constable T 138.) On Monday, the 26th of January, I took Davis into custody at the back of Kensington, in the Mall, playing with some boys—I told him I wanted him for being concerned with Lake in stealing a cow from Mr. Salter—he said he knew nothing about it—I said, "You must go with me to the station-house"—he then turned round, and said he would tell me all about it—I said, "Do not say any thing to hurt yourself"—he said Lake called him up at half-past four o'clock on Monday morning, the 19th, that they went into the field and drove the cow out, and took it to market—he said Blake wanted him to go to Smithfield to sell a cow—he told me that Lake told him so—he said nothing about its being stolen—as we went along he said they went into the fields and took a cow out before, and sold it for ten guineas, that he had a few shillings of the money, and Lake had the other—I knew nothing of him before I went and took him, in consequence of information.

Davis. Q. Did I not say I was employed by Lake to assist him in taking the cow to Smithfield? A. He said he called him up, and he went to the field with him and drove the cow out, and that they had had one more out of the field before—he said the trowsers and boots he had on were bought with money he had saved up from different things he had done for Lake.

Lakes Defence. I never took the cow out of the field at all.

LAKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Life.

DAVIS—


NOT GUILTY
.


Before Mr. Justice Patteson.
