



1397. 




ROBERT IRONS
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging, on the 
21st of May, a request for a bottle of gin, with intent to defraud 




Joseph Cockerton, against the Statute, &c.—2nd COURT, for uttering same with a like intent.






ELIZABETH BROCKBANK
. I am bar-maid to Joseph Cockerton, of the Royal Hospital public-house, Chelsea. I have lived there twelve months, during which time I have known the prisoner—I understood him to be in the service of Mr. Richard Hall, in the neighbourhood—he has been in the habit of coming with orders and for change for Mr. Hall—on the 21st of May be brought this note to me, which is directed to Mr. Cockerton, but it was delivered to me—(reads) "Please to send by the bearer one bottle of gin, and 2l. worth of silver in paper, your obedient servant, R. Hall"—believing the prisoner to be in the service to Mr. Hall, I furnished him with it—I have three fourpenny pieces and a great quantity of sixpences—the water of the note was wet—it was addressed to Mr. Joseph Cockerton.





RICHARD HALL
. I superintend the business where the prisoner is employed—I have at times sent him for change—this note is not my writing, nor was it sent by my authority—I do not know the prisoner's handwriting at all—I never saw it—there is no date to the place from whence it purports to come—I did not send the prisoner at this time, not require any gin or any change—it is false altogether.





GEORGE FOSTER
 (police-constable B 90.) I went to No. 1, Grosvenor-row, Chelsea, to apprehend the prisoner on the 21st of May—he asked what I wanted with him—I told him for obtaining a bottle of gin and 2l. worth of silver for Mr. Cockerton—he denied it—I said, "Well but you took a note from Mr. Hall"—he said, "I did, and he sent me—he would not deny it if he were present"—I found on him 19s., 6d., and among it some sixpences and fourpenny pieces—it was past six o'clock in the evening—I think he had been drinking—it was seven o'clock when

I got to Queen-square—we had had information on hour before I apprehended him.




GUILTY
 of uttering, Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
