





133. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, 1 watch, value 15l. 15s.; 1 chain, value 8l. 8s.; 1 seal, value 2l. 12s., and 1 key, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Nash
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  NASH
               



            . I live at Thavies-inn. On the 9th of November, about half-past two o'clock, I was passing over Blackfriars-bridge


, in the road; there was no crowd in the road - the prisoner came in front of me, and I was immediately surrounded by about half a dozen, who came from the footpath, and so did the prisoner - I thought at first that the prisoner was an officer, and said, "Why do you stop me?" I was instantly pressed close, my arms thrown up, and at that instant, as soon as I could get my hand down, I found my watch was gone - I immediately seized the prisoner; he got from me, with the assistance of those who surrounded me; I tacked about, immediately pursued, and seized him as he went on the pavement - I held him, and called the Policeman, who secured him; my watch and chain were worth about 23l. - I have not found them.
Cross-examined by MR. BALL. Q. What business are you? A. I have a business in Cambridgeshire, which my partner conducts - I hardly know how to describe it.
Q. Do you mean to swear there was not a crowd on the bridge? A. I considered that the procession had passed: there was no crowd whatever on the road where I was - the Lancers were a head: the men in armour,&c., were at the foat of the bridge, not on it - it was quite still and quiet; I heard no shouting; I found the Lord Mayor had not arrived from Westminster - there was no rush of the crowd near me - the prisoner came and stopped me; I said, "What do you mean, are you an officer?" he said No, and then the others came round me - I do not believe there was any body off the pavement at the time - I looked at my watch in Stamford-street.


                  JAMES 
                  TURRELL
               



            . I live in Baker's-buildings, Liverpool-street. I saw the prisoner come off the pavement, and run against Mr. Nash - the Lancers were just coming at the time; they were about a yard from Mr. Nash - Isaw nobody but the prisoner run against Mr. Nash, and saw Mr. Nash catch hold of him; there were two or three more round, and a good many close to them, all shoving at one time.
Q.Who were they shoving? A. I could not make out - I staid till Martin secured the prisoner, Mr. Nash said he had lost his watch, but I did not see it go.
Q. You were examined before the Magistrate, do you mean to say, that when the prisoner first ran against Mr. Nash, the road was not clear? A. The road was not filled; it was clear then except that the horses were close at the side - there was a space between the horses and footpath; the place Mr. Nash was in was clear, and then the prisoner ran against him.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not the Lancers wheel round at the time? A. One of them turned and made a plunge, as he spurred his horse.


                  HENRY 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am a constable. I was coming up Chatham-place, and saw the prosecutor holding the prisoner - I took him in charge, and found 6s. 6d. on him; Mr. Nash charged him with assisting to take his watch.
Cross-examined. Q. Has not Nash called on you, and said it was of no use to go on with the prosecution, as he could not swear to the prisoner, and ask for his watch to be given up? A.Certainly not; there was a crowd, but it was going from the bridge; the Lancers were at the bridge foot - the Lord Mayor was just landing.
MR. NASH. I never called on the constable, or told any body I did not mean to prosecute, for I could not swear to the prisoner.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not tell the Alderman I was not the person who robbed you? A. I said I could not say you actually took it - you detained me, and assisted those who did; you confined me, and I believe the others took it; he was the most active in stopping me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
