






829. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     GOODCHILD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  SERMON
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of March
, 11lbs. of wool, value 22s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Meyer
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Trueman
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Mary 
                     Vestry
                  



               
             and 
               
                  William 
                  Cobley
               



            .


                  JOHN 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am foreman at No. 3 warehouse, London-docks


 - the prisoners are carters

, and used to have their carts backwards and forwards there - Vestry and Cobley are the owners of the carts. On the 29th of March I was at the back of No. 2 warehouse, and saw Goodchild in a cart, with another man, who is not here - the man took some wool out of a bale which Goodchild held, and put it into a bag; there were about 11 lbs. of it - I saw Sermon at a little distance from the cart; he appeared to me to be in company with Goodchild - he could see very well what he was doing; I had seen the two prisoners together the day before, in front of No. 3 warehouse, and I had seen Goodchild draw up his cart in the same position the day before - I went to the deputy warehouse-keeper, and informed him of what I had seen.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you know whose the wool was? A. Not at that time.


                  JOHN 
                  CLEMENT
               



            . I am a constable at the London-docks. On the 29th of March I was on duty at the London-dock western gate, and about ten o'clock I received information that Goodchild was coming up with his cart loaded with wool; he came up, and presented me a pass for eight bales of wool, from No. 3 warehouse - I said, "Stop your horses," and he did; I said, "Did you load this cart?" he said Yes - I said, "Did you tie the bales on?" he said Yes; I said, "Have you any thing in the cart more than you ought to have?" he said No, not that he knew of - I then got on the top of the bales of wool, and found this bag of wool thrust down between the two top bales, and covered over with a tilt; I should not have seen it unlessI had searched for it - one of the top bales had been cut, and a quantity of wool had been taken out; I took a sample of the wool in the bag and in the bale, and it corresponds exactly - I said to Goodchild, "You see this bag - what have you to say?" he said he was innocent of it, and it must have been put in while he went to get his pass.
MR. PHILLIPS to 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BAKER
               



            . Q. Did you go off to give information, leaving these two men in the cart? A. Yes; of course I lost sight of them - the other man might have gone off with the little bag.
SAMUEL ROBINSON. I am clerk to Messrs. Meyer and Joseph Taueman - they live in Bishopsgate-street, and are general merchants. We employed the two prisoners to get the load from the London-docks - they are in the employ of Vestry and Cobley; I saw the bales, and there was a deficiancy of 13 lbs, in one of them, but there had been a sample taken out, and there was some loose wool in the cart, which might probably have been dropped in plundering; I saw the prisoners at the docks that morning, waiting with the cart - I went to the docks again about eleven o'clock, and then the information was given me; the bale had been cut and tora across, right in the middle - I have had a good deal to do with wool, and I have no doubt that these are both the same wool.
Cross-examined. Q.What kind of wool is it? A. German wool; it is not all of this quality - I would not venture to swear to it twenty or thirty miles off.
Sermon's Defence. I had been speaking to Goodchild, and that is all.
Goodchild's Defence. I loaded the eight bales, and left my cart to get my pass; when I was driving away the officer came and asked what I had in my cart - I said eight bales of wool; he said, "Any thing else?" I said, "Not to my knowledge;" he said, "I must look:" I said, "You are welcome" - he found this bag, and said, "How did this come in?" I said, "I don't know - it must have been put in by some one while I was getting my pass."
JURY to 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BAKER
               



            . Q.Was Sermon with this cart? A. Yes, he was; there were other carts of Messrs. Meyer's there that day, I believe.
GOODCHILD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 31.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
SERMON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
