





1856. 
               
                  
                     MARIA 
                     SIDNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of June
, 1 watch, value 12l.; 1 watch-chain, value 2s.; 2 seals, value 1l.; 1 watch-key, value 10s., and 1 watch-guard, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joao Nogueira 
                           Gandra
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  JOAO 
                  NOGUEIRA GANDRA
               



            . I live near Brunswick-square


. The prisoner was in my service in April, 1830, and left me on the 18th of June, in the same year; she had lived with me three months, and I knew her perfectly well- on the morning of the 18th of June, she came to me while I was at breakfast, and asked if she should go and put my room to rights, and put up the curtains which had been washed; she said if I could wait an hour, she would have it all to rights - I said Yes; I went to the room after that time, and found the curtains not put up, but laid on a table; my gold watch and seals, which I had left on the table, were gone, and so was the prisoner - I had paid her wages every month; I never saw her again till three weeks ago, when I met herin Shoreditch with a man who was blind with one eye - I said to her, "Maria, give me my watch;" she said, "I never saw you in my life" - I said, "I shall go to the Police;" she said, "Stop a few minutes, I will give you a good character, that I am not the person you think" - she then said to the people, "Come, come, come, this man accuses me of robbing him," and the people came round me and ill-used me, and she ran off - I got from the people, and ran after her; she ran into a house, and shut the door of a room - an officer came up, and he went and got her.


                  RALPH 
                  JACOBS
               



            . I am headborough of Shoreditch. I heard the prosecutor give an alarm; I went in to the house - a lady who was there told me she was not there- I went to the back of the house, and could find no one, but I looked up, and saw a window open; I went up stairs, got out of the window, and found the prisoner in the gutter - she said she never saw the gentleman before.


                  JOHN 
                  NORRIS
               



            . I am a private gentleman. The prosecutor resides near me; the prisoner came to live with him, and he came for my wife to make some inquiries of her, as he spoke very indifferent English; I know he was robbed at the time he states, and am quite positive the prisoner is the person who lived with him.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that she was servant at the house at which the prosecutor lodged, and being unwell had left and sent another woman to do her work; that she had never seen the watch, which might have been taken by others, as several emigrants were in the habit of calling there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
