




302. 




JOHN BANKS
 and 



WILLIAM HORGAN
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edward Stevens, on the 
6th of December, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 3 spoons, value 3s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 2 half-crowns; 9 shillings; and 1 £5 note, his goods, monies, and property; to which Banks pleaded





GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.





EDWARD STEVENS
. I am a stable-keeper, and live in Pond-street, Hampstead. I have a house there, there is a stable in the yard opposite the house—there are three rooms over the stable, leading from one to the other—the first room is called the hay-loft, the second the kitchen, and the third the bed-room, in which I usually sleep, but I sometimes sleep at the other house—on the 6th of December, about half-past five o'clock in the evening, I went to the Flask public-house, and found Walsh there, (who works for me, and lodges and sleeps in the hay-loft,) with Banks and Horgan, in the tap-room, drinking—I called for three-halfpenny-worth of gin and a pot of beer—I do not think I drank any of the beer—I had the gin standing at the bar—I had taken a glass or two, and do not mean to say I was perfectly sober—I knew what I was about—I left the Flask about twenty minutes after six o'clock, with Walsh, Horgan, and Banks, and we all came down to my stable—I went up stairs into the bed-room to strike a light—Horgan and Banks both followed me into the bed-room—I had the light—we all came out of the room, and brought some provision for the pigs out of the kitchen—I locked the door of the bed-room and my chest, and all was locked then—I put the key into my pocket—I came out of the bed-room into the kitchen, locked that door, and put that key into my pocket—I should have had two keys in my pocket, but I could only find one afterwards—I am quite sure I put the first key in my pocket, although I found it next morning on the floor—I am not sure about the other key—I went to feed the pigs, and found Horgan and Banks in the yard—directly after they all three went with me to a Tom and Jerry shop—we had a pot of beer there, but I do not know whether I drank any of it—I went and fetched three pints of beer out of my own kitchen, as the woman said she had none—I unlocked the door to get it, bat I locked it again—I am not sure whether I drank any of that—we left the Tom and Jerry shop about eleven o'clock—Walsh saw us come up to the gate, and then went away—I went in, and went to bed—the prisoners followed me—they were both in the room when I went to bed—after I was in bed I saw Banks take up my trowsers, but thought he was putting them on the chair—I did not think he was taking any thing—I found them there in the morning—Banks took the candle and candlestick, and both left the room, wishing me good night—I told them to put the light out, and I fell asleep—I slept in the other house that night, which I had the care of, not over the stables—it is an empty house I have the care of, for Mr. Ledden of Carey-street—I have the use of it, but it is not my dwelling-house—I never take my meals there—I got up in the morning a few minutes before six o'clock, and went to the room over the stable—I found the kitchen-door, which is the first door, undone—the door leading into the bed-room was broken open—I felt on the top of a chest, where I knew I had left my silver, and found that gone—Walsh was in bed at this time, in the hay-loft—I went to the chest that was locked the night before, and found it broken open—I then called Walsh to strike a light, and told him I was robbed—I

missed all the things stated—he brought a light—we went to the Flask to inquire the prisoners' names, and where they lodged—I did not know their names—directly I put on my trowsers I missed from them a shilling and the key of the kitchen-door, but I cannot say that I might not have lost the key myself—I gave information to the police, and went with an officers, about a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes to seven o'clock, to No, 11 New Inn, where we found Banks in bed, and under his pillow found a waistcoat, in the pocket of which was a handkerchief belonging to me, containing three spoons, two half-crowns, and seven shillings—that handkerchief had been in a hat inside the chest in my room—I had seen it there the same day—the spoons are mine—two are silver, and one not—I founad the candle which I had gone to bed with over night in the coach-house.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. The property was taken from the premises over the stable? A. Yes, not from the house—my usual residence is over the stable—Walsh was not on the premises when Banks and Horgan went with me into the bed-room over the stable—I have not said that Horgan did not go with me into the room.





JOSEPH BRINDELL
 (police-constable S 98.) I went with the prosecutor and apprehended Banks—I afterwards went to the Flask public-house, and took Horgan—he came outside—I told him he was charged with felony, in company with John Banks, and he must go with me—he said he knew nothing about it, and could clear himself—he said he had not seen Banks, nor was he with him—when brought together at the station-house, Banks said they were together last night—Horgan said they were not—I found 2s. on him.





JOHN WALSH
. I left the public-house with the prosecutor and the prisoners, and left them—I know nothing about Horgan after I left the house.

HORGAN—


NOT GUILTY
.
