



1902. 




JOHN WOOLLEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of August, 29lbs. of solder, value 20s.; 1/4 lb. of copper, value 1s.; and the top of a mould, value 1s.; the goods of 



William Quincey, his master.

(MR. PRICE
conducted the Prosecution.)





THOMAS MOSLEY
. I am a broker's man who go into possession. On the 7th of August, I went to the White Lion public-house, in Old-street, St. Luke's, between one and two o'clock in the day—the prisoner was there when I went into the room with two other persons—I sat down, and called for a pint of porter—he sat at the same table, and entered into conversation with me, and in about ten minutes he said he had a quantity of metal solder to sell, would I become a purchaser—I asked him the weight—he said about 20lbs., and I had better come home to his lodging and see—he asked me if I was a right man—I said, "Yes"—I understood him to mean with respect to buying the metal at a fair valuation—I asked how he became in possession of it—he said he worked for Howard, of Old-street, the tin-plate workers—I suspected him, and went to his lodging—I sat there an hour or two, and then he produced six pieces of metal—his mother and another woman were in the same room—until he produced the metal—they were then ordered out of the room—he produced it from a cupboard in the room—I do not know whether it was locked—the women left the room before the metal was produced at his request—I was to have purchased it for 7s.—it was solder in ingots—I took it away with me—I went to the station-house in a cab, and then came back with Palmer the constable and took him—he made use of very bad language, he said he would knock me down, and said I had sold him like a bullock—he had told me that he got the metal from his employers—that he brought it away a piece at a time as he could get it, and he would give me a supply every week if I liked to take it at a price.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You had never seen him before this Wednesday? A. No; I have been in the employ of Mr. Colton, of Weston-place, King's-cross, for seven or eight years—I am in no employ at present—I live in Thomas-street, Lloyd's-row—I went to the public-house for a walk—all the conversation was in the tap-room.





CHARLES PALMER
 (police-constable G 17.) On the 7th of August, I was fetched by Mosley to the prisoner's house—I produce the metal—it is solder, I believe—the prisoner shook his hands in Mosley's face, and said

he had sold him like a bullock—I searched his house, and found a copper mould top.





JOHN HESLOP
. I live in Boswell-place, and am foreman of the tinners at Howard and Co.—the firm belongs to William Quincey—it is in Old-street, St. Luke—I have been in their employ about six years in that situation and twenty-two years on the premises—the prisoner worked there about ten years—this copper mould was on the premises—we have other like it on the premises—the solder is such as we use—the prisoner had access to it—it weighs 29lbs., and is worth 8d. or 10d. a pound—the copper metal is worth about 1s.—7s. would be a very disproportionate price for the solder—it is worth 1l.—it was cast in this shape by the workmen—I believe this iron pan to be my master's—it was found under the prisoner's forge—it was not taken off the premises—the solder fits it—it was cast in it.

Cross-examined. Q. Is there any body in the firm now named Howard? A. I believe not—I have no other master than Mr. Quincey—he is not here.





JOHN BARROW
. I am in the employ of Mr. Quincey—he is the sole proprietor of the business—I know of nobody else—I know this solder is the same quality as master's and, I believe, it came off the premises, also this copper mould.





SAMUEL POSSELWHITE
. I am book-keeper to Mr. Quincey. He is the sole proprietor of the business, and has been so since the lst of January, 1834.

Prisoner's Defence. I did not say I would supply him every week—I was intoxicated at the time, and he told me if I would send my wife out to get a pot of beer, she would not see any thing of it—he said he was a hawker going about the country, and would but any thing, he did not care what is was.




GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
