





Before Mr. Recorder.
2097. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of August
, 2 half-crowns, 12 shillings, and 12 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Johnson
                  




               
            .


                  LUCY 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am the wife of John Johnson, a cheesemonger
. On the 30th of August, about eight o'clock in evening, I was in the parlour, and heard somebody in the shop - I got up to wait on them, and as I opened the parlour door I saw a lad come from behind the counter; I was alarmed, but as soon as I recovered I said, "Here is a thief in the shop;" my daughter said, "It is Brown's boy;" the prisoner's father lives near me; I went to the till, and all the money but one shilling was gone - I had seen it safe ten minutes before.


                  ELIZA 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I was in the parlour, and saw my mother go into the shop - I saw the prisoner go out on his hands and knees; I am certain of him - I have known him a long while, and cannot be mistaken; when he got to the door he stood up, and looked down the street - I told my mother, and he was taken next morning.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not say it was my brother? A. I said it was Brown's eldest son, but did not then know there was one older than the prisoner - I am sure it was him; I know there were two bright shillings in the till, and one black one, which I had taken from a sweep.


                  JOHN 
                  PANNEL
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoner going towards London-fields - he was counting money in his hand; he kept it in his hand till he got to the watch-house; he asked me several times what I wanted him for, and I did not satisfy him - when I got to the watchhouse I told him the charge; he had 7s. in his hand, and pulled out 10s. more from his pocket - before 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Johnson
               



             saw the money she said there were two bright shillings and one black one among them - there is a very dark shilling and two bright ones; the prisoner said his brother had lent him the money, and he was going to buy a pair of shoes and trousers with it.
Prisoner's Defence. My brother lent me 18s. at the Woolpack.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
