





1129. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PAYNE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Wells
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MARY DONAHOUGH. I am a widow, and live in Field-lane. On the 24th of April I was in Chiswell-street


 - I saw Mr. Wells walking along with a lady; the prisoner was behind him - I saw him put two fingers of his right hand into Mr. Wells' left-hand coat pocket, and take a handkerchief out; he wrapped it round his hand, and went across a square - I told Mr. Wells, and pointed him out; I saw him taken.
CHARLES WELLS. I am a cutler
, and live in Compton-street, Soho. On the evening of the 24th of April, I was in Chiswell-street - I saw the prisoner walking behind me- he afterwards touched my heel; I put my hand to my coat pocket, and missed my handkerchief - I turned, and saw the prisoner walking across the road, four or five yards from me; I followed him, and he was taken into custody: I saw my handkerchief found on him.


                  CHARLES 
                  WELLSTEAD
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I took the prisoner in Finsbury-square, about twenty minutes past seven o'clock; the prosecutor pointed him out - I found the handkerchief in his side pocket; he said he found it on the threshold of a door.
Prisoner's Defence. I saw the handkerchief on the threshold of a door, next to a pastrycook's - I took it up, seeing no one about; I carried it twenty yards, and blew my nose with it - I then put it into my pocket, and went to Finsbury-square; just as I got there the officer took me - a lad came to the station-house, and said I did not take the handkerchief, but he was told to keep out of the way.
MARY DONAHOUGH. I saw him use the handkerchief, and then put into his pocket - I am quite certain he is the man who took it.


                  CHARLES 
                  WELLSTEAD
               



            . There was a lad at the station, who stated that the prisoner did not take the handkerchief, but received it from another lad.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
