




1543. 




WILLIAM CLARK
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of May, 1 cloak, value 20s., the goods of 




William Henry Langes.






JANE ROBINSON
. I live with William Henry Langes, in Mount-street, he is a clerk. On the 19th of May, between ten and eleven o'clock, a young man came and gave me a note to take to mistress, while I was cleaning the steps—I asked him if there was any name, because we have got lodgers—he said, "No, no name, it is only for Mrs., No. 11"—I took it up-stairs to a lady, leaving him on the steps, and when I came back he was gone—about ten minutes afterwards, I missed a clock which had hung in the passage—I had seen it there half an hour before—nobody else had been to the house—I saw the prisoner at the office a few days afterwards, and am sure he is the young man.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Did you not at first say you believed he was? A. I believe I did say so, but I am sure of him—I had never seen him before—he was not above half a minute in my sight—I saw him again on the Tuesday following, which was about five days afterwards—he had the same appearance then—I said at once that I knew him—I believed it was him.





MARY FRAZIER
. I live facing this house. On the 19th of May I saw the servant cleaning the steps—I saw the prisoner give her a note, and saw him going out of the door, slinging the cloak over his arm—he ran down the street, and turned down the passage.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure it was the prisoner? A. Yes—I was standing at the parlour window, facing the house—it was shut, but the blinds were open—I had never seen him before—I saw him again on the Tuesday week at Lambeth-street, and said I was certain of him directly I saw him—I have never said I only thought it was him—I have sworn he is the same man—he had no whiskers on when I saw him.





THOMAS MARTIN
. I am a pawnbroker in Whitechapel-road. I produce a cloak which was pawned on the 19th of May—I cannot say by whom, but to the best of my belief it was the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you always said so? A. Yes—I do not positively swear to him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
There was another indictment against the prisoner.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson, and a Jury composed of half Foreigners.

