



2130. 




LOUISA BECK
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
6th of October, 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 3 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the monies of 



William Hallett, from his person, and that she had been before convicted of felony.






WILLIAM HALLETT
. I am a turner, and lodge in West-street, Albany-street, Regent's Park—on the night of the 6th of October, between nine and ten o'clock, I met the prisoner by accident—she said, "Where are you going?" or "How do you do?"—we continued on till we came to Wittlebury-street, going from Gordon-square, through Euston-square, into Wittlebury-street—I was going on my way home—at parting, I left her some few paces, and then found she had taken the whole of the money in my pocket, which was one sovereign, one half-sovereign, three shillings, and one sixpence—I had felt something meddling about me, but had no idea she was going to rob me—she had hold of my arm—I found my pocket opened and missed my money—I took hold of her and accused her of it—she said she had not got it—I requested her to walk along with me—we met a police-man—she then threw the money into the dirt—it was picked up on the spot.


Prisoner. I met you in Woburn-square, and then we went into Gordon-square—we continued our walk till we got to that dirt, where you wanted me to lie down on the grass. Witness. No, I did not—I had no idea of such a thing—I did not give you a glass of brandy—I changed no money in your company—I did not give you any think at all, and went into no house with you.

Prisoner. You gave me what you said was a shilling and then when the policeman came you found it was a sovereign—you wanted me to go up hill and down dale—I should have broken my legs if I had gone further—you gave me 1s.—you cannot deny it, and told me to drink your health—you will have to answer before a greater Judge than this. Witness. I did not do any thing of the kind.





WILLIAM DOWNES
 (police-contable, 190 S.) At a little before ten o'clock, on the night of the 6th of October, I was at the end of Wittlebury-street—I heard the prosecutor say to the prisoner, "Give me my money"—I then approached towards them and saw her throw something awny—a little boy took up two shillings—a man took up half a sovereign and gave it to me—I asked her if she had any more money—she said, "No"—I took her left hand and found a sovereign—she said, "That is the shilling he gave me."

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me throw any thing away? A. I saw her hand go from her, and the little boy found the two shillings about a yard from her—the motion was similar to throwing something away—the prosecutor had hold of her arm—I was within ten yards of her.





WILLIAM HALLETT

re-examined. Q. The policeman said that she described the sovereign as the shilling you gave her? A. I think he has wrongly stated—he was walking up the street, and then the sovereign was transferred from the prisoner's hand to the policeman—I have no knowledge of her saying that it was the shilling I had given her.





WILLIAM DOWNES
 (re-examined). The prisoner appeared as if she had been drinking a glass or two, but was not drunk—she said, "That is the shilling he gave me"—I do not know that he heard it—he was looking for the money on the ground.





EDWARD BARKER
 (police-constable E 124). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office, (read)—I was present in July last, when the prisoner was tried, and had three months imprisonment.

Prisoner's Defence. I came out, and in a few hours I met this man—he gave me a shilling and some rum—he wanted me to break my neck down some place in the Hampastead-road—I do not know where the policeman came from; he was as if he sprang out of the earth—I had been living three months on water-gruel, and the shilling was very acceptable—if I had known it was a sovereign, he should not have had it again.




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—

Transported for Seven Years.

