





1050. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LIVERSAGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March
, 3 shirts, value 15s.; 3 shirt collars, value 1s. 6d.; 10 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; 1 stock, value 2s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 20s., and 1 pair of gloves, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Pilkington
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  BARTON
               



            . I was servant to Mr. Collard; he is a clerk in the Bank, and lives at No. 32, Great Castle-street


. I had seen the prisoner on the Sunday week before the 26th of March, when he called at our house, to look at the apartments; on the 26th of March he called again about seven o'clock in the evening; my master and mistress were not at home; he told me he had partly engaged the apartments, that he wished to come in on the Wednesday, and he would send in his luggage on the Tuesday, and it would come in the name of the Rev. Mr. Johnson; he then went away, and called again about nine o'clock - he said the coach was gone, and would it make any difference if he took the lodgings from that night; I said No, and asked him to walk in - he came into the parlour, and asked me to light the bed-room fire; I said there was no fire-place there, but I lighted the fire in the parlour - I went up stairs to get his bed-room ready, and when I came down, he asked to wash his hands; I offered him to wash in the back parlour - he said No, he would rather go up stairs; I asked him to walk up, and while he was washing his hands, he told me to go and get him some chops for his supper; I came down, and as I came past, Ishut my mistress' bed-room door - when I came down into the passage, I heard that door open, and the drawers open- I stood in the passage, expecting he would come down with a bundle, but he came down without any thing, and went into the parlour; I then took the child up to bed - I saw three handkerchiefs on the stairs; I came down again, and got the watchman to get the Policeman - the articles stated, had all been taken out of the drawers, and put under the counterpane of the bed, where he was to sleep; they are all Mr. Pilkington's.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. You had seen him once before? A. Yes, about three or four o'clock on the Sunday week; there was no one in the house but the prisoner, I, and the children, who were down stairs - the drawers were in my mistress' room - he told me he was to have the parlour for his use for a short time, and then to have the first floor and back attic - he did not go out after he came, about nine o'clock.


                  JOHN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I went to the house, and found the prisoner setting by the fire in the front-parlour; he said he was a very respectable man, and offered to give me his card; the witness said she had heard the drawers opened, and part of the property was on the stairs - I saw the three handkerchiefs laying on separate stairs; I went into the back attic bed-room and under the bed I found three shirts, three collars, seven handkerchiefs, a pair of gloves, and the counterpane thrown over them; I took them, then came down, and searched the prisoner; I found on him 15s. 6d.; I then found this black cravat in his pocket, which he said he had put in in a hurry - I took him to the station, and then found he had got on this pair of trousers, which had been taken from the house, over his own.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe he gave you his right address? A. Yes, he did, and from inquiries I have made I have heard the best of character of him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLLARD
               



            . The prisoner had come to my house on the 18th of March, but he had not spoken to me about the lodging; when I got home on the night in question I missed a pair of trousers belonging to Mr. Pilkington - I went to the station, and they were taken off the prisoner.
GEORGE PILKINGTON. I lodge in the house. These articles are all mine - the linen was in the drawers, and the trousers were in the room.
Cross-examined. Q. When had you left? A. In the morning, to go to chambers - I had seen the trousers the day before.
The prisoner handed in a statement, representing that he had fallen into had company, and had been seduced to commit the offence by another person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
