





592. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  LUDWIG
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of February
, 1 coat, value 4l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Frederick George John 
                           Burghart
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
The prisoner, being a foreigner, had the evidence interpreted to him.
ALEXANDER JOHN BURGHART. I am the son of Frederick 
               
                  George 
                  John Burghart
               



             - he is a tailor
, and lives in Clifford-street


. The prisoner was a journeyman
 in his shop for three or four months, but did not live in the house; we missed a coat of a customers on the 9th of February - we did not know where the prisoner lodged till he told us in the evening; we went there with an officer, and found five gilt buttons, but the coat we found in pawn.


                  FRANCIS 
                  BYAR
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I believe this to be the coat I took in pledge from 
               
                  Anna 
                  Kessner
               



            .
ANNA KESSNER. I know the prisoner - he asked me to pawn the coat, which I did for 30s., and I gave him the money; he is a Dutchman - I have known him three years, and speak his language.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. It was not my intention to steal it- I expected money from Holland, and I would have brought it to my master's; I was starving, with my wife and children - I asked my master and the foreman to advance me 1l.; I had no bread and no work for a fortnight -I could have sent for friends if I had known it had been necessary.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  JOHN BURGHART
               



            . My father paid him for what he did; he had only been there one hour that week - he could have as much work as he chose to do.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
