



18. 




JAMES WHITEHOUSE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
17th of November, 1 handkerchief value 2d., the goods 




James Lance, from his person.






JAMES LANCE
. I am clerk to Mr. George Machine. On the 17th of November, between twelve and one o'clock, I was passing through Alderman bury, on business—I saw a man behind me—he took up the tails of my coat, and took out a yellow silk handkerchief—I attempted to take hold of his collar, but he burst away from me, and ran down London-wall—he turend down a street, and I desisted from following him; but a Gentalesman told me, he had gone into a house—this is my handkerchief—I believe the prisoner is the man who took it—I saw him brought out of the houses, and that house was in the street I saw him turn into.

Prisoner. There were two more persons close by Witness I saw one more with him behind me, whom I intended to notice, but I am sure the other man did not take it—they were close to me.





JOSEPH WALTON
. I am an officer. I was coming down London-wall on the 17th, and heard a cry of "Stop their"—I saw the prisoner running down Carpenters'-buildings, and people running after him—I followed him into a house—when I got there, he was coming down stairs—he had nothing in his possession; but a woman said, he had a handkerchief when ho ran in—I went up-stairs, and found a handkerchief behind some boxes, in a room which he had run into—I brought him, down, and gave him

to a police-sergeant—there were other in the house, but not in the apartment where he had been.

JURY. Q. You identify the prisoner as the same person you saw enter the house? A. Yes—I know the other men were not in the same room because I went up into the room immediately to see where the property was—he was coming down-star is when I was going up—I did not see him in the room.

COURT. Q. What number is this house? A. I think, No. 1, Car penter's-buildings, London-wall—It is a green-grocers's shop.

Prisoner. As I was going along London-wall, there was a gentleman bit me with umbrella, and I ran away.





JAMES LANCE

re-examined I believe him to be the same person that was brought out of the house—the prisoner was dressed as the man was in all respects.
(William Hew son, Baldwin-street, St. Luke's, and another witness gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 19—Recommanded to mercy by the Jury and Prosecutor


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Park.

