




910. 




WILLIAM CLARK
 and 




JOHN JONES
 were indicted for

stealing on the 
20th of march, 1 handkerchief, value 4s. the goods of 



Joseph Scarth Pollock, from his person.






JOSEPH SCARTH POLLOCK
. I live in Prince's square, St. Geroge's in-the East. On the 20th of March I was at an office in Three King-court, Lombard street where my father carries on business—I went from there to Cheapside, about twenty minutes past seven o'clock in the evening—I had a handkerchief in my pocket and near Bow Church, a person came behind me, and asked if I had lost any thing—I felt in my pocket, and missed my handkerchief,—I went a way book, and found the prisoner in custody of two witnesses—one of them had my handkerchief in his hand d—this is it.





JOHN SMITH
. I am an officer of cheap Ward. I was son duty about twenty minutes past seven o'clock that evening, in the Poultry, and watched the two prisoners form the Poultry to Bow Church—they were conversing together—another was with them, who has escaped—I saw Clark go behind Mr. Pollock lift up his pocket and tae something from it with his left hand a pass it to Jones—I caught him and sent a person after Mr. Pollock—when I caught hold of him this handkerchief was thrown down by one of hem—I could no say who.

Clark If he was swear enough to see what I did he must have seen what it was. Witness. I was not near enough to see what he took, nor what it was when he passed it.

Clark's Defence. I am entirely innocent. On this Sunday evening I left my mother 'house din Globe lane to go and bid my uncle farewell, as I was going to New York—I was in company with no one—I saw two young men, but I could not say this young man was one—I remember following them as far as Bow Church—I saw them turn up turning—I wen ton, and proceeded about 100 yards, still following the prosecutor and the officer came and took the handkerchief from me which my fellow prisoner has round his neck now—that was the one that I threw from me—I did not know this prisoner before—but I lent him the handkerchief when we were taken.


COURT
to
JOHN SMITH. Q. Are you able to swear that Clark is the person who put his hand into the prosecutor's pocket and took something from it? A. Costively—he took something and handed it to Jones.

Clark. I was above 100 yards foam this man—he brought me back—I pointed to the handkerchief which was lying in he road.

CLARK—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.




Transported for Seven Years.
