



1832. 




CHARLES COOK
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging a certain order for the payment of 3l. 10s., on the 
25th of July, at 
St. George's Middlesex, with intent of defraud 




Michael Henry Hart.—2nd COUNT, for uttering, disposing of, and putting off the same with a like intent. Other COUNTS stating his intent to be to defraud 



Henry Dalton.






MICHAEL HENRY HART
. I am a clothier, and live in Ratcliff-highway. On the 25th of July I went out, and when I returned I understood an advance note had been offered at my shop—when I was at home in the afternoon, the prisoner came in, and said, "I have now come, Mr. Hart, and have brought a friend with me who knows me;" he told me he had an order from Captain Bull, of the Tobago, for a month's advance, and that he had brought a friend with him who was to be responsible that the order was correct—Mr. Dalton was the person—I did not know him before—I consented to take the note—he took 2l. 6s. in clothes, and I gave him 1l. 4s. in money, and he went away—I sent my young man with them, with the goods, to Mr. Dalton's, to see that it was correct—I gave my young man the goods and money—he is not here—I gave the note to Evans, the officer.





HENRY DALTON
. I knew the prisoner about ten months ago—he applied to me in July to accompany him to Mr. Hart's, to say that he was respectably connected—I had heard that he was so, but I certainly never knew any of his friends—I understood he was highly respectable—he showed me shipping order for 3l. 10s., and said he had received it from the Tobago, Captain Bull commander, and asked me to go down to Hart's—I asked him why he could not go to some other friend—he said his friend was too far, and he must sail next morning to the West Indies in the Tobago—I went with him, and the goods and money were advanced on my responsibility—the man brought the clothes and money to my house, and delivered them to the prisoner in my house, and he took them away with him—the man gave the money and goods into his hands.

Prisoner Q. Have you not entered into an arrangement with Mr. Hart to pay him 10s. every fortnight? Witness. A. I have—that was after you were taken—I did not receive 5s. from you when the goods were brought to my house—you offered it to me, and I told you to keep it for the sailors for grog—you told me you wrote the note yourself—I do not recollect telling a person that I had entered into am arrangement with you, and the thing was settled—I said you had offered to arrange the matter—I said it was likely to be settled—I was partly persuaded to prosecute, and did it partly for my own sake afterwards.





THOMAS BULL
. I am not a seaman now—I have been to sea many years, but not lately—the prisoner resided at my house with his father for about two or three months.—I have a brother named Richard, he is captain of the Tobago—she in the West India trade—I know my brother's handwriting well—one evening the prisoner said he was desirous of going to sea—I said my brother had just returned, and he might want an officer, and I would ask the question—I told him that he commanded the Tobago—that was probably a week before the transaction in question—none of

this (looking at the note) is my brother Richard's handwriting—not a letter of it, I am sure—I have seen the prisoner write once of twice—the filling up of the note is so different to his signature at the back that I cannot positively swear it is his writing, but I believe the whole of it is his handwriting—it is disguised, but by closely scrutinizing if you will see there is an analogy—I believe it is his writing.





JAMES CHRISTOPHER EVANS
. I received this note from Mr. Hart, and have had it ever since—I took the prisoner in charge at Mr. Bull's house on Monday morning, the 1st of August—I told him it was about the advance note—Mr. Dalton was with me at the time—he said, "I suppose what it is about," and he said to Dalton, "I did not think you would have brought it to this, Mr. Dalton; I thought you promised you would settle it in another way."—(not read)
£3 10s.—London, July 25, 1836.—Advance.—Three days after the ship Tobago has sailed from Gravesend, pay to Charles Cook, or bearer, the sum of 3l. 10s. (provided the said Charles Cook has sailed in the above vessel,) being a part of his wages in advance on an intended voyage to Tobago, or any other port, as per agreement, which your obedient servant, Thomas Bull, commander. Payable a Charles Thomas Richardson's 72, Cornhill."

Prisoner's Defence. On Monday, the 25th of July, 1 went to Mr. Dalton, and requested him, as my friend, to go with me to be answerable for a bill or advance note, and it was on his responsibility and indorsement that Mr. Hart cashed it—two days after Dalton charged me before the police-inspector with forging the note, and the case was dismissed, as he could not make the charge good against me—as soon as I was discharged I offered to arrange the matter with Dalton—he said he did not wish to hurt me, and would do all in his power to serve me; that I had nothing to fear, all should be settled amicably—of the money I received, I gave Dalton 5s. and paid for some refreshment—we met by agreement twice, and it was not till the following Monday that I was taken a second time—I did not tell him I wrote the bill myself, but he tried to obtain the acknowledgement from me—I have since had abundant reasons to believe that his friendly professions were merely to gain time to bring his plans and charges against me to maturity—far from wishing to defraud Hart or Dalton, my intention was, when I discovered the note to be a forgery, to transfer my wages over to Mr. Dalton as soon as I got a ship, which I expected to do in a day or two, and which happened the day I was arrested the second time.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported For Life.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.
