





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Bolland
               



            .
974. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BIGG
                  




               
             was indicted for, 


               that he, on the
30th of March
, at St. Martin-in-the-fields, feloniously did forge, in a certain book, called Depositors Book of the Provident Institution for Savings', a certain receipt for money
            , which is as follows:-
1833, March 30th. £5 5. C. Boodle.
with intent to defraud the most noble 
               
                  
                     Edward Adolphus 
                     Seymour
                  




               
            , Duke of Somerset
, and others; against the Statute, &c.
2ND COUNT. For feloniously uttering, disposing, and putting off a like forged receipt for money, with a like intent, well knowing it to be forged.
SEVEN OTHER COUNTS. Varying the manner of stating the charge.
MR. LEE conducted the prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  JUTSUM
               



            . I have come out of the prison. On the 30th of March, I was barman to Mr. Clarke, a publican of Battle-bridge; I had previous to that deposited sums of money in the Provident Institution, St. Martin's-lane - I saw the prisoner on the 30th of March, and asked him to put 5l. into the Savings'-bank for me; I gave him five sovereigns and my deposit book, and told him to tell the clerk at the bank to put the amount of interest at the bottom of the book; (looking at a book) that is the book I gave the prisoner; here is 62l. 13s. added up, neither of the sums after that amount were in the book when I gave it to the prisoner; "£5, and £2 0 0 1/2. C. Boodle, 175," have been added since; it was not there when I gave it to the prisoner - I saw him again in the evening of the 30th, between five and six o'clock; I had no conversation with him about the money that night - I asked him for the book, he said he had left it at home, and would bring it, down to me in the morning; but I did not see him again till Monday night, between ten and eleven o'clock, the 1st of April, he called for a glass of ginger-beer, which I served him with - I asked him for the book, and he gave it to me; he said nothing - I put it into my pocket being busy, without looking at it - I went to bed about half-an-hour afterwards, and then I looked at the book - it had been in my pocket from the time I received it from him; I then saw this entry of "£5, and C. Boodle, £2 0 0 1/2," at the bottom - I applied to the Provident Institution on the 20th of April, to take out all my money - I saw Mr. Morton, and showed him the book; Mr. Morton then made these figures 175 in it then; this was on a Saturday- it requires a week's notice to get the money - I applied again on the 27th of April, to receive my money, and saw a gentleman named Arnott, and produced the book to him; and in consequence of something which was said, I went with the book to Mr. Boodle at his seat in the office- in consequence of some communication I made to him, the prisoner was taken into custody.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q.Were you not in the habit of lending the prisoner money? A. I never lent him any in my life - I could not get out to take this money myself, and got him to do it - I am certain I saw this entry the first time I opened the book after he returned it to me.
Q. I believe your master accuses you of stealing this money? A. He has done so, and the Grand Jury have found a true bill against me; I am now in custody on that charge.
MR. LEE. Q. Is not your master's charge for embezzling half-a-crown? A. It is.
COURT. Q.When Mr. Boodle pointed out the forgery to you, did he ask if you had given the book to anybody to bring to the institution for you? A. Yes, I said to no one but who had brought it to the bank.
Q. Did not you say, "No, I have not?" A. I said so, but I said to no one but what had brought it to the bank - he put the question to me two or three times, and told me to be careful how I answered - he asked if I had trusted the book to anybody, and I said no; I said I had not given it to any person but who brought it to the bank; and he said, did I know the person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MORTON
               



            . I am one of the clerks in the Provident Institution. It is a rule for people to give a week's notice before they can take money - by the books it appears that the last witness deposited several sums in our bank - I remember his applying to me on the 20th of April; he produced this book, and I marked it 175, which is the folio of the notice book, where all the sums to be drawn out are entered - I produce the notice which he signed to withdraw the money - I took down the amount as being 67l. 8s., which included the last entry of 5l. - I told him to apply that day week - the amount, when I had the book, was 67l. 8s., but a witness can explain a difference in it.


                  CHARLES 
                  ARNOTT
               



            . I am ledger clerk in the Provident Institution. On the 27th of April, I recollect the prosecutor applying to me for payment of his money - it is part of my duty to compare the amounts in the ledger with the pass-book - this is the book produced by Jutsum; the entry 5l., and 2l. 0s. 0 1/2d., were there when he produced it- in consequence of suspicion, I sent Jutsum to Mr. Boodle's desk - the notice for 67l. 8s., arises from the amount of interest not being entered on the 9th of February, when 10l. had been paid in - the entry of 2l. 0s. 0 1/2d., is an irregular entry, it is incorrect whoever made it.
EDWARD BOODLE, ESQ. I am auditor of the accounts of the Provident Institution, and am a barrister. The prosecutor was brought to my part of the office on the 27th of April, by Mr. Arnott - It is my duty when deposits are made, to enter them in a book of my own, and sign my name to the deposit-book - this signature to the 5l. entry is not in my hand-writing - this is a pass-book; the entry 5l., purports that 5l. was paid in by Jutsum, on the 10th of March; it purports to be a receipt by me on account of the institution, of 5l., from him, which, if correct, we should have paid on application - here is "30th March, 1833, 5l." - that is not in the hand-writing of anybody authorised to make the entry - the signatures before that are in my hand-writing, but not the amounts - the Duke of Somerset's name is 
               
                  Edward 
                  Adolphus
               



             Seymour - in consequence of some communication which took place on this occasion, Samuel Stevens was directed to take the prisoner into custody - I know the Duke of Somerset has acted as trustee to the institution constantly, and there are five others.
Cross-examined. Q. Is it the last signature in the book which you say is not yours? A. Yes, all the other signatures are mine; nobody is authorised to sign my name - the managers attend at the office, but then they attest payments by their own signatures.
COURT. Q. When Jutsum was brought to you, did youask if he had given the book into any other person's hands to bring? A. I asked if the book had been in any other person's hands; he answered no, two or three times - my impression was, that he thought I was asking if he had left it in any person's hands; I repeated the question, and he said he had never parted with it, except to the party who had brought it the last time.


                  ROBERT 
                  PERROT
               



            . I am actuary to the Provident Institution (looking at the book). This last entry is not in the hand writing of any person in the establishment.
Cross-examined. Q. How many persons are in the establishment? A. Seven; I can swear to all their hand writings.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. In consequence of information which I received, I took the prisoner into custody on the 29th of April at Battle-bridge - I told him Mr. Clarke's young man had got himself into trouble, and that he had brought his name in question; I said he must go before a magistrate and account for it; he seemed confused, and his father asked him if he was going on business - he said, "Yes, it is bad business."
Q. Did you tell him how his name was brought in question? A. I said it was with respect to 5l. - his father asked what it was about, and asked him, and he said it was respecting the 5l. he had of Mr. Clarke's young man - his father said, "If that is all I think we can make it right" - I don't think he made any reply - I then took him into custody - I cautioned him not to say anything, if he did I should take notice of it - before I brought him out of the house; but on the way to the office he said, "I see what this business is, it is a forgery" - I said, yes, you have acted very foolishly indeed, and if you had spoken to the young man about the circumstance I think it would not have come to this - he said he had met Jutsum several times but never had fortitude enough to tell him the circumstance, or otherwise he thought it would have been better - I searched him, and found a piece of writing-paper on him, which he said was his hand-writing, but afterwards denied it.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure what he said was not "If it is a forgery it will be a bad job for Jutsum?" A. No, he did not, nor anything to that effect.
JURY. Q. You say you mentioned to him something about 5l., and he afterwards said, it was about 5l. of Clarke's young man which got him into trouble - did anything occur between those two statements to give him any knowledge that was the 5l. referred to? A. No, he appeared to be aware of it.
COURT. Q. Did you tell him Clarke's young man had got into trouble about 5l.? A. I said Clarke's young man had got into trouble, and his name was brought in question, and he must account for it before the magistrate - he asked me what it was about; I said, respecting 5l. - he told his father it was about 5l. which he had had from Clarke's young man - he said nothing about the money being lent to him.


                  MORRIS 
                  VINE
               



            . I am clerk to the magistrates at Bow-street. I recollect the prisoner being brought before the magistrate on this charge - he made a statement which was reduced to writing; it was read over to him; he did not sign it - I took it myself; this is it, it has Mr. Minshull's, the magistrate's, signature - here is a second statement which was signed by the magistrate, and read over to the prisoner. (read.)
"The prisoner says, the first witness cannot be relied on; he has left his situation for taking the money from the till, and he says he gave me five sovereigns at one time which was not true; I had one sovereign full a week before I had the other four. I did not tell the policeman the paper found on me was my writing." - (2nd May) "The prisoner says, I acknowledge having received the money, but I defy any man in existence to prove the writing in the book is my hand-writing."
Prisoner's Defence. I beg to say I deny ever having the book in question in my possession - I have been in the habit of borrowing money of Jutsum; the first was 5s., the next 1l., and the last 4l. - he never gave me any to pay into the Savings Bank.


                  Charles 
                  Carter
               



            , a butcher, gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
