






783. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BEAUMONT
                  




               
             and ELIZA, his Wife
, were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of April
, 1 counterpane, value 8s.; 2 blankets, value 10s.; 2 sheets, value 5s.; 1 pillow, value 4s.; 1 bolster, value 6s.; 1 candlestick, value 4s.; 1 pair of snuffers and tray, value 2s.; 2 pictures, value 1l.; 1 looking-glass, value 2s.; and 1 hearth-rug, value 5s.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Bennett
                  




               
            .


                  SUSANNAH 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Bennett
               



             - he lives in Little Bury-street, Euston-square


. 
               
                  
                     Eliza 
                     Beaumont
                  



               
             came and hired my first floor, and was there a fortnight before her husband came - she first hired the parlour, but when she said her husband was coming, she took the first-floor room at 8s. a week - they lodged there nearly three months - I believe he is a watchmaker - I received only 30s. rent - I did not miss my property till about an hour before the prisoners were taken - I had asked them for rent to pay my taxes, and I told them, at last, I must have my room, and what was in the room I must have to make money of - they had left the room - I went in, and missed this property.


                  HENRY 
                  CHENU
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Upper Seymour-street - I have a pillow, a bolster, and some other property - the female prisoner pawned the principal part of them.


                  JOHN 
                  SYRED
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Gibbs, a pawnbroker - I have a counterpane pawned by the female.


                  ROBERT 
                  BUGDEN
               



             (police-constable S 28). On the 23rd of April, the prosecutrix told me she had lost this property, and wished to have the prisoners taken, but they were not there then - the male prisoner came there that evening, and I took him in the room - I told him it was for robbing his furnished lodgings - I found these duplicates in the table drawer - as I was taking him to the station-house he ran away.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I believe you found some duplicates on him? A. Yes - but not relating to this property.
MR. PHILLIPS to 
               
                  SUSANNAH 
                  BENNETT
               



            . Q. How long had you known the female prisoner? A. She is related to my husband - she had been married before, and then married this man.
Charles Beaumont's Defence. What was done by my wife was done at my request, so that I conceive she is innocent - with respect to myself, I was in difficulties, and was obliged to make use of the furniture to meet existing emergencies, not for a moment having an idea of robbing her - had she given me but one hour, I would have got money, redeemed the articles, and paid her great part of her rent - I went out that evening with a few shillings to get tools, and when I got home at half-past nine o'clock, she had missed the property, and gave me in charge - in going along I ran away to go to my wife, who was then on a visit.
CHARLES BEAUMONT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .


                  ELIZA 
                  BEAUMONT
               



             - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
