








877 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 12th of April
, 4 handkerchiefs, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Lowe
                     




                   and another, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute
            .


                  ENOCH 
                  JONES
               



            . I live in the City-road


. I lost a piece of handkerchiefs on Friday, the 12th of April
; we suppose there were six handkerchiefs in it: we sold one, and it corresponds exactly with that found on the prisoner; I am partner with 
               
                  George 
                  Lowe
               



            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CASSEDY
               



             (Police-constable N 71). In consequence of information, I went to the prisoner's house in a court in Hackney-road, between two and three o'clock last Friday; I asked him if any property had been brought to his room - he said No; I said "Perhaps you do not understand what property it is - it is some silk handkerchiefs;" he said "There was no silk brought here;" I saw a hat on the table; I asked him if it was his - he said Yes; there was an old handkerchief over it, I took it off; and found this piece of handkerchiefs in it; I took him to the station, and then I and my brother officer went back to the house, and found this guinea note. this duplicate, and this bottle - this skeleton-key was found on his person.


                  ALBERT 
                  MARTIN
               



             (Police-constable N 72). I went with Cassedy - I found some files, a key, and a centre-bit, in a box, on the ledge of the prisoner's window.


                  THOMAS 
                  APPLEFORD
               




            . I am shopman to the prosecutors; on Friday last I was standing near the shop door - I heard a noise, and a woman pointed to three boys who were then running away; I ran and overtook two of them, but neither of them had any property; they were given to the officer, and they told him where the prisoner lived.


                  ALAN 
                  ZOUCH
               



            . I am shopman to the prosecutors; I have one handkerchief which I bought of them - it corresponds with the piece found.
Prisoner's Defence. The key is of my own room - the guinea note is of no use, it was picked up as waste-paper; I had only been three weeks, and these handkerchiefs were brought by a lad; I am a smith, and the files and centre-bit have been in my nail-box for five or six years; I had been finishing a stove that day, and worked till past my dinner-hour - it was half-past two before I left the shop; I went and got my dinner, and as my wife was not at home, I went up stairs to feed my fancy; the boy had left the property there unknown to me, and he called to know if I was at home.

THOMAS CASSEDY


            . The boy took me to the place, and showed me where the property was; he then called to the prisoner that the Policeman was coming; the prisoner took up a poker, and came to the door, but I told him I had my cutlass, and he dropped the poker.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
