



2575. 




MARY DOWDING
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
17th of September, 1 purse, value 6d. 1 sovereign, 14 shillings, and 6 sixpences the goods and monies of 



Francis Sisley Sell, from his person.






FRANCIS SISLEY SELL
. I am superintendent of Galley Quay. On Tuesday night, the 17th of September, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was in Thames-street, at the bottom of St. Dunstan's-hill—I was sober, and was returning home—I was accosted by the prisoner and another woman—they wished me to treat them, which I refused, and the other woman turned round for the purpose of tying up her stocking—I turned to look at her—in the mean time the prisoner passed round behind me,

and then went away—the other woman then came up, and began to annoy me—I threatened her with the police, and she retreated—I went on for about twenty yards, and missed my purse, which contained one sovereign and about 17s. or 18s.—I met a policeman, and told him what had occurred—I afterwards went to the station-house—these are the slides of my purse, and here are two shillings which were picked up at a public-house where the prisoner was apprehended—I have not the least doubt she is the same person.





JOHN HORTON
 (City police-constable, No. 103.) The prosecutor complained to me, and described the woman—I went in search of her, and apprehended her in the Turk's Head, at Aldgate-street—I told her what I wanted her for, and she strewed a lot of silver on the left side of her—she was in company with a lot of cat-men and others—every one there got as much money as they could—I could only get 1s. of it, and while taking her to the station-house these two purse-slides were dropped by her—Lee licked them up.





GLORGE LEE
 (City police-constable, No, 893.) Between eleven and twelve o'clock I was on duty in Crutched-friars—I saw Horton running up—I asked what it was—he told me—I said it was most likely she was in the Turk's Head—the prisoner was there, and she threw down some silver—twenty or thirty cab-men were there—they every one tried to pick up that they could—I only got two sixpences—I took her to the station-house, and while going there she dropped these two slides—I turned on ay light, and found them.

Prisoner's Defence. I was out by the Elephant and Castle, and coming along, I went into the Turk's Head for half-a-pint of beer—these two policemen came and accused me of the robbery, and I dropped the two shillings I had in my hand—as for these two slides I know nothing about them—I was not in company with cab-men, and know nothing about who was in the house.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Ten Years.
