






2001. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     FARLEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HAY
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Price
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
DAVID PRICE. I live in Tower Royal, and am a clerk
. On the 27th of july I was on the Pavement, near Finsburysquare


 - I missed my handkerchief, which was safe about ten minutes before, when I was in Coleman-street.


                  ANDREW 
                  GRIMES
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  Martin 
                  Grimes
               



             - he lives in Broad Arrow-court. On the 27th of July I was on the Pavement, near Finsbury - I saw Farley lift up the gentleman's coat, take out the handkerchief, and give it to Hay, who went down a street, across the road - Hay put it into his hat; the prisoners then met together again - Farley had been a school-fellow of mine; I had seen Hay in Milton-street.
Farley. He said at the office he could not see what was taken out. Witness. I could not see at the time, but when he got across the road I saw it was a handkerchief; he held it up in his hand.


                  ROBERT 
                  BARRELL
               



            . I was with Grimes on Finsbury Pavement; I saw Farley take up the gentleman's pocket, and take something out, but I could not see what it was; he gave it to Hay; I had known Farley before.
Hay. He first said I took it, and when Farley was brought in, in two or three hours afterwards, he said it was him. Witness. Yes, I did; they were both there, but I was mistaken in the person who took it.


                  MATTHEW 
                  PEAK
               



             (Police-constable G 198.) I took the prisoners at the corner of Whitecross-street; they denied knowing any thing about it.
Hay's Defence. I had left home, and was going towards Whitecross-street - I can prove I was at home at the time of the robbery, and did not go out till eight o'clock the next morning.
MR. PRICE re-examined. Q. What time was it you lost your handkerchief? A. At a quarter before nine o'clock on the evening of Friday, the 27th of July.


                  FRANCES 
                  HAY
               



            . I am the prisoner's mother; I live at No. 1, Copthall-chambers, Throgmorton-street - I have the care of them; no one lives there but me and my family. On Friday night, to the best of my recollection, my son was at home from a little after eight o'clock, and not out till eight the next morning - he slept there, and the next morning he was taken; it was not nine when he came in; it was not much after eight - I looked at the clock when he came in; the clock is up stairs, on the first floor - I sit in the kitchen; I recollect going up to look at the clock; I held up the candle to look - I could not see without a candle.


                  FRANCES 
                  HAY
               



            , JUN. I am Hay's sister - I went to the chambers in Copthall-court to live, on the 25th of July, and have lived there ever since. On last Friday five weeks the prisoner was at home at eight o'clock in the evening, and did not go out till the next morning - I recollect the time perfectly well, for I was going out myself, and I was at Mile-end by nine; I went out a little after eight, and was at home after nine o'clock - he had not been out, I am sure- I was in the kitchen, with my mother, when he came home; the candle was lighted about dusk, about seven -I had noticed the time, as I had an appointment at eight, and was waiting for my brother to come home, to stop with my youngest sister, and he came in at eight, or two orthree minutes after - I had gone up to see the time by a dial in one of the offices on the ground floor; there is no clock on the first floor; it is on the ground floor, in one of the offices.
MRS. HAY. The clock was on the first floor.
FARLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.



               Confined Six Months
            .
HAY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.



               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
