





1881. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SPROTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of June
, 1 coat, value 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 5s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 4s.; 1 pair of braces, value 3d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 badge, value 1d., and 1 bag, value 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William George 
                           Elsam
                        



                     
                  , from his person
            .
2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Elsam
                  



               
            .
3rd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     William Henry 
                     Angell
                  



               
             and others.
GEORGE ELSAM. I live in Parliament-court, Artillery-lane


; my son William George Elsam is a scholar in Lime-street, charity school
; I have known the prisoner some time - he had lodged in my house; I put the articles stated into a bag belonging to the school on the 16th of June, and delivered them to my son.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GEORGE ELSAM
               



            . I was eight years old in June on the 16th of June, I received the clothes in the bag from my father; I went out, and met the prisoner at the corner of St. Mary-axe - he snatched the bag off my shoulder; he said he had been to my mother's, and he was to come to spend the whole of the day with us, and I was to go and fetch my father out of the shop for him to pay him some money - he went with me to my father's, and while I went in and got my father, the prisoner was gone with my bag.


                  CHARLES 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am a waiter at the Coal Exchange, Little Eastcheap; I received a duplicate from the prisoner, and got the clothes out of pawn.


                  ROBERT 
                  MAYHEW BARRYMORE
               



            . I am assistant to a pawnbroker; I produce the articles - I do not know who pawned them.


                  GEORGE 
                  ELSAM
               



            . These are the articles in which my boy went to St. Paul's on the 7th of June; they were in my charge, and I was answerable for them; the badge was found on the prisoner.
WILLIAM HENRY ANGELL. I am one of the trustees of the school
.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
