





482. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DRISCOLL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of January
, 1 snuff-box, value £2 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Cutmore
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN CUTMORE. I live at No. 107, Bunhill-row - on Sunday evening, the 26th of January, between eight and nine o'clock, I was crossing West Smithfield


, with my wife - we got partly across - she stopped suddenly - I turned round and saw the prisoner and another person - I ran after the prisoner, and overtook him in Cloth-fair - I caught him by the collar, and called out to a person whom I knew, who came to my assistance, and took hold of his other collar - I told him I had been robbed of a silver snuff-box, and it was taken out of the prisoner's right hand and given to me - I am sure it was in his possession.


                  EMMA 
                  CUTMORE
               



            . I was walking with my husband across Smithfield - I heard a footstep behind me - I suddenly turned round, and saw two men - the prisoner was one of them - the other had one hand at the tail of my husband's coat, and the other hand in his pocket - he immediately took his hand out, and handed the snuff-box to the prisoner, who ran away - I held the other one for about twenty minutes in the street - an old gentleman came behind me and shook me, and compelled me to let go of him - I should know that man again, because, after the man had got away, he stood and talked to me a long time, and said, I ought to have been taken in charge for holding the man; and, if a policeman had been near, he would have given me in charge- I explained it to him, and gave him my address - I waited about ten minutes - my husband did not return - I have not described the old man to the police, for I was not able to go out for a long time afterwards; for the man bit my hand, and trod on my foot - I could not get my shoe on.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. It is my first offence, I beg the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
