





2006. 
               
                  
                     NATHANIEL 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
, 1 pair of trousers, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Griffiths
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .
THOMAS GRIFFITHS. I am a 
carpenter


, and live in Whitmore-road, Hoxton


. The prisoner is my son; he has been employed a little at my business, but not much- he lodged in my house; I missed a pair of trousers on the 21st of July, from the room he and his brother slept in - these are them.
Prisoner. I did not steal them - he lent them me to wear; he murdered my mother; when I came out of the House of Correction, I wanted a little money to go to a place, and he told me to go and steal. Witness. No, I never did - I never lent him the trousers; he might have taken them unknown to me.


                  JAMES 
                  LEVICK
               



            . I live at Hoxton, and am a pawnbroker. I have the trousers, which were pawned by the prisoner on the 21st of July, and on the 28th he came and had another shilling on them; he gave his own name and address.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EPPS
               



             (Police-constable N 63). The prosecutor called me to his house on the 1st of August - I found the prisoner and his brother there; I took charge of them; in going along, I said to the prisoner, that it was a pity - he said he knew he had robbed his father, and he would do so again, for he ought to keep him.


                  GEORGE 
                  DUNCAN
               



             (Police-constable N 59). I was called in; I found five duplicates on the brother, but none on the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I came home from work, and there was nobody at home; I went by Mr. Barrows' beershop, and saw my father in the bar - I then went past again, and Mrs. Barrows said to me, "Nathaniel, your father is asleep in our room;" I then went and took a walk, and when I came back, he was asleep on the step of the door; I shook him, but he did not awake; I went and took a walk again till eleven o'clock - my father had just then gone in doors - I went to go in, but he shoved me out, and shut the door in my face; he is not worthy the name of a father.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . It is false; I provided him with clothes as well as I could; I work as a carpenter; he was employed at the saw-mills, but was discharged for getting drunk and keeping bad company; he got all my things almost.


                  GEORGE 
                  KEMP
               



             (Police-constable N 82). I have a certificate of the former conviction of the prisoner, which I got from Mr. Clark's office; I attended the trial, and know he is the man - he was imprisoned three months.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
