




228. 



JOHN ROSEDALE
 and 




RICHARD HARVEY
 were again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
21st of October, 1 chaise, value 18l., the goods of 




William Reading. (See page 174.)






WILLIAM READING
. I live at No. 9, Mortimer-street, Cavendish-square, and am a coachmaker. On the 21st of October I lost a gig—it was in the gateway, at the back gates at the back of the shop—I saw it safe at one o'clock in the day, and it was gone at two o'clock on Saturday—I found it at Higginbotham's, in the New Cut, on the following Wednesday—I do not know either of the prisoners.





THOMAS RICHARDSON
. I am in the employ of Mr. Duckrell—he lives in Hatfield-place, Westminster-road. I saw Rosedale and Harvey talking to my master at the top of the shop, on Saturday evening, and the chaise then was standing at the edge of the path, but I did not see them go to it—this path is in the Westminster-road, opposite the Oxford Arms-I cannot exactly tell what o'clock it was—it was towards evening, just getting to dusk—it must have been betwen three and four o'clock in the afternoon—I made a deposition before the Magistrate—I did not see who brought the chaise—that I swear—I put my name to the deposition—was not read over to me—I know what I stated—it was the same as I state to you—I cannot read—I know this mark—(looking at his deposition.)

Q. Did you not say this, "I am a smith, and live at No. 71, James-street, New Cut; I was working in Mr. Duckrell's shop on Saturday

evening, when the two prisoners, Rosedale and Harvey, came to the shop with the chaise?" A. No, I did not see it come—I did not say they brought it—I do not know who went away first—I lost them—they all went away together from the shop-door—I did not see the chaise go away from the shop-door, nor whether it remained—I did not know either of them before—I have been working in the same shop since, not with Mr. Duckrell, but for the man that hires the forge—Mr. Duckrell does not employ him—I live now at No. 71, James-street, New Cut—I am single.

Harvey. He said that Duckerell and Stanley left the shop first?Witness. No, they all left together.





HENRY BRITTAIN
. I am a shopman to Mr. William Higginbotham, in the New Cut, Lambeth. On Saturday, the 21st of October, I saw Harvey and Stanley—between four and six o'clock, Stanley came into the shop first, and asked if Mr. Higginbotham would buy a chaise—at that time Duckrell was in the shop, but not Harvey—he came afterwards—I went and told Mr. Higginbotham that a person I knew very well was in the shop—I mentioned Stanley's name—he wanted to know if he would buy a chaise—he said he would—he came down, and Stanley spoke to him and said it had been standing at his place three months, and then Stanley went away, and when he came back I do not know whether he brought the chaise—he came into the shop, and said the chaise was outside—I observed only Stanley there, and I went out, and looked at the chaise—I went up stairs, and told Mr. Higginbotham that they had brought the chaise—he came out and looked at it, and agreed with Harvey, who was then outside with the chaise—this was near upon five o'clock—Harvey wanted 4l. for the chaise—Mr. Higginbotham agreed to give 3l. for it, and 5s. to Stanley for recommending him—Stanley and Harvey into the shop to receive the money—I gave Harvey a pen and some paper, and he wrote the receipt for the amount received for the chaise, and re Stanley the 5s.—this is the receipt—since then I have given up chaise—I sold it for 3l. 10s. to Mr. Stevens, a neighbour opposite.





WILLIAM ALDERMAN
 (police-constable L 168.) I heard Thomas Richardson examined at the office—I saw him put his mark to this paper—it was read over to him first—I believe this to be a correct statement of what he said—I can swear that he said he saw the prisoners bring the chaise to the shop—I went to apprehend Harvey on Friday night the 27th—I told him I wanted him respecting a chaise that was sold to Mr. Higginbotham, in the New Cut—he said the chaise he had sold to Mr. Higginbotham' was the property of his uncle—that was all he stated respecting the chaise—Rosedale surrendered on another case.

Harvey. Q. Did you take me, or did I come to you? A. You did not know who I was when you came to me—I think you said it was your uncle at Harrow.

COURT. Q. Did you hear Richard Harvey make his statement? A. Yes; that is his signature—I saw him sign it—(read)—" Last Saturday week I met a man drawing the chaise up the hill leading to Smithfield—he said to me that he was tired—I asked if I should help him up the hill—he said he was tired of it, and wanted to sell it—I asked what he wanted for it—he said 3l.—I told him I would give him 2l. 15s., which was all the money I had—he took my money, and went away—I then brought the chaise over to Rosedale, and asked him what he would paint and do it up for me for—he said 3l.—I told him I could not afford that—I wanted to place it somewhere—Rosedale had no room, so he went with

me over to Duckrell—Mr. Duckrell had not the money to purchase it—Stanley said he could find a customer he thought; and he and Duckrell went away, and returned, saying, they thought they had a customer; and we all went to Mr. Higginbotham, where I received 3l. for the chaise—✗ then went and had some half-and-half—a pot—I, Duckerell, Rosedale, and Stanley."





"RICHARD HARVEY."







WILLIAM READING

re-examined. The value of the chaise was 18l., and since then it has sold for eighteen guineas.

HARVEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.

ROSEDALE—


NOT GUILTY
.
