





Before Mr. Recorder.
545. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of February
, 6 shillings, 1 sixpence, and 6d. in copper monies
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Holwell
                  




               
            .


                  ABRAHAM 
                  HOLWELL
               



            . I live in Church-street, Hackney


, and am a baker
. On Wednesday evening, the 8th of February, between six and seven o'clock, I was in one of my shops, and saw the prisoner leaving my other shop- I went to the shop, and there was no one there; Dunn gave me some information; I pursued the prisoner, who was then from one hundred and fifty to two hundred yards off - I collared him, and brought him back; I met a Policeman, and gave him in charge - he was taken backto my shop; all the silver which had been in the till was gone, but I had not been in that shop for some time - I saw the money, which will be produced, found on him.


                  JAMES 
                  DUNN
               



            . I am servant to Miss Cowling, at Hackney - she sent me to the prosecutor's shop for a loaf on the 8th of February - I was going in, and saw the prisoner come from behind the counter; there was no one else in the shop - the prisoner came out, and took a spice nut from the counter; I told Mr. Holwell what I had seen - I saw the prisoner brought back, and I am quite certain of him.


                  HENRY 
                  STEIB
               



            . I am six years and a half old - I know God will punish me in the next world if I tell a lie; I live with my parents in Church-street, Hackney. I was looking at the biscuits in the prosecutor's shop; I saw the prisoner behind the counter, taking some money out of the box in the till - he then came out, and took a spice nut - I saw Dunn tell Mr. Holwell of it; I saw the prisoner brought back - I am quite sure he is the person who took the money; I saw some money taken from him.


                  ELIZA 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I live servant at Mr. Holwell's. I had seen the till about half an hour before the money was taken; there was then about 8s. in silver in it - one half-crown, some shillings, some sixpences, and more than 6d. worth of copper; the copper was loose, and the silver in a box.


                  CHARLES 
                  OATS
               



            . I am a Police-officer. The prosecutor gave the prisoner into my custody - I took him back, and searched him; I found three shillings and one sixpence in one of his pockets, one sixpence in another, and four sixpences and 6d. worth of copper in another; he was charged with having been behind the counter, and robbing the till - I asked him, when I first took him, if he had any money; he said he had not - I took hold of his pocket, and then he said he had 4s. or 5s.; I found this money on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I am charged with stealing six shillings, one sixpence, and 6d. worth of copper, and there were seven sixpence, three shillings, and 6d. worth of copper found on me, but no half-crowns.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
