





1011. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BARRELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s. the property of 
                     
                        James 
                        Evans
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am a tobacconist
, and live in Bishopsgate-street. On the 18th of May, about a quarter-past ten o'clock in the morning, I was in Long-alley, Moorfields


 - I put my handkerchief into my pocket when I went out - I had been out about twenty minutes; I don't recollect using it afterwards - I felt two men pressing very close on my back, the prisoner is one of them - I immediately turned round, and thought I saw my handkerchief in the prisoner's possession, tucked under his jacket - I attempted to seize him, his companion obstructed me by placing his foot against mine, and placing himself before me, which gave the prisoner an opportunity of running away a few yards; I overtook him afterwards - my handkerchief was brought to me at Bishopsgate watch-house - I set off in pursuit of the prisoner and secured him; I saw no more of his companion, I think I should not know him again - the handkerchief has my initials on it.


                  SARAH 
                  FLEMMING
               



            . I live in Long-alley. I stand inthe alley to sell tapes and things - I saw the bustle opposite my basket, and the handkerchief came on my basket; I saw the gentleman running down the alley in pursuit of somebody directly after it came on my basket; while these persons were struggling together I left it on my basket till the policeman came up, and then I gave it to him; I put a private mark on it before I gave it to him, (looking at it) here it is.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOLTWOOD
               



            . I am a policeman. I assisted in securing the prisoner; I received him in custody from a witness named Burnham; he said he had done nothing - the handkerchief was shown to Mr. Evans who claimed it.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURNHAM
               



            . I am watchman of Bishopsgate - I was fetching a pail of water and the prisoner ran by me; there was a cry of "Stop thief," I put down my pail and secured the prisoner, and gave him to the policeman.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
