





First London Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
681. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously uttering a certain forged request, for the delivery of goods, well knowing it to be forged, with intent to defraud 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Morley
                        




                     
                   and another
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEARMAN
               



            . I am in the employ of William and 
               
                  James 
                  Morley
               



            , of Gutter-lane


. On the 1st of February the prisoner, who was a stranger, came to the warehouse and delivered me a letter, which he said was from Mr. Tilley, of Brentwood; we had a customer of that name - I sent Shepherd, the beadle, with him with the goods - this is the note he gave me - (read.)
GENTLEMAN, - Having come to Plaistow upon particular business, and finding it detained me longer than I expected, this prevented me coming to town to-day, to get two pieces of fine Irish linen, about 3s. or 3s. 3d. for a very particular customer, which I have to leave in my road home - I have therefore sent the bearer, who is recommended to me as well known here, expressly for them; you will much oblige, by sending them by him, inclosing the bill, as he has instructions to lose no time.
Gentlemen, Your's obediently,


                  THOMAS 
                  TILLEY
               



            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEPPARD
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for to Mr. Morley's - the prisoner was there with this order;I went with him as far as Mile-end-road, I carrying the goods, and on going through the turnpike he ran away - I am sure he is the man.
THOMAS TILLEY. I am a linen-draper, and deal with the prosecutor. I know nothing of the prisoner; this note was not written by me, or by my direction.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
