





710. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MIDDLETON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of August
, 2 live tame geese, price 10s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Walker
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  HANNAH
               



            . I am a Police-serjeant. On the morning of the 27th of August I was at Brentford - I met the prisoner and two other men; I stopped them - the prisoner and I got into a scuffle, and he slipped his jacket off, which I have here - he appeared thickly clothed, and I found in his jacket a dead goose, a crow-bar, a turn-screw, a tinder-box, flint, and steel - I found another goose ten or twelve yards from where I stopped them.
Prisoner. Q. How can you swear it was me? A. I am positive you are the man; the other two ran away, and since that you have made a confession.
HENRY WALKER. I live at Isleworth


. In August last I had two geese in my father's yard - I lost them, one Saturday night: I attended before the Magistrate, and saw them dead - they were tame geese, and were the same as I had lost; I knew them by their having four holes in each of their feet, which I had made - they had been in a shed, which had no door to it.
The prisoner here requested leave to try the jacket on, which he did; it appeared rather tight.
JAMES HANNAH. He had not so many clothes under his jacket then as he has now - I am positive he is the man I caught hold of, and this is the jacket.
Prisoner's Defence. This jacket belongs to 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Starling
               



             - I heard he was about, and sent word to my friends to tell the Policeman to take him; he is the man whom he took the jacket off, but he said he could not swear to him, and let him go.


                  JAMES 
                  MIDDLETON
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother - he gets his living as a labouring man. On the 27th of August I was at Hounslow, and saw him there about seven or eight o'clock; this jacket does not belong to him - I have seen Thomas Starling wear it.


                  JOHN 
                  HANNAH
               



            . The prisoner confessed that Starling and Thicket were the men who were with him; and they were taken, but not committed, as I could not state that I saw any property on them - I am confident I took the jacket from the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
