



280. 




WILLIAM MOSS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of March, 1836, 1 cloak, value 3l.; and 1 coat, value 2l.; the goods of 



Thomas Parry.






BENJAMIN WORRALL
. I live at No. 1, Coles's-place, Elder-walk, Lower road, Islington, and am a butcher. On the 4th of March, 1836, the prisoner was in company with a man named Widdowson—I knew them both by sight—Widdowson went to a house on the right band side, opposite Mr. Parry's, and the servant shut the door in his face—he crossed to Mr. Parry's, and stood some time, as if talking to a person—I went by, and he was taking the things off the hooks in the passage—I went by, and Widdowson came out with something loose in his arms—the prisoner was waiting for hint, and then Widdowson put the things into the bag and gave it to Moss—I followed them a mile and a half, and then I saw a policeman, who ran down Camden-street, and saw them—the prisoner saw the policeman making up to them, he dropped the bag and ran away—I am quite sure the prisoner is the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. ESFINASSE. Q. Had you known him before? A. I had seen him before—I have not seen him since—when Widdow son came out of the house the prisoner was standing at the bottom of the street—I was at No. 3, about as far as from here to the other end of the Court—the robbery was committed five doors up the street—Moss was five doors from where the robbery was—I was asked at the office how far I was from the prisoner Moss when the other man was taken—I did not say I was not nearer to him than a hundred and twenty yards—that I will swear—the policeman might have said that—I had only known the prisoner by sight before—I had seen him six or seven times—I did not know his name—he had got a blue coat and gilt buttons, and, I think, kerseymere trowsers—I was examined last Wednesday on the charge against Moss.






THOMAS PARRY
. I live in John-street, Adelphi. On the 4th of March, 1836, I lived in Barnsbury-street, Islington. I remember losing the coat and cloak about eighteen months ago—they were hanging in the passage at that time—this is it.





WILLIAM KERR
 (police-constable N 131.) About half-past eleven o'clock, on the 4th of March, 1836, I went to Colebrook-row, and saw the prisoner in company with Widdowson, who was tried, and transported for seven years—Moss was carrying a bag, containing these things, which he dropped—I am certain he is the person—I did not take him that time—I was looking after him, but could not find him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know him before? A. No—at the first information he was about a hundred and fifty yards, and afterwards about a hundred and twenty yards, from me—I was running—he stopped, looked round, dropped the bag, and ran away.

MR. ESPINASSE
called






MICHAEL CURRAN
. I am a tailor and breeches maker. I have known the prisoner for about two years—he lodged in my house—I was in the habit of repairing his clothes sometimes—I have not seen him in a blue coat for the last two years, particularly about March—I pass his door ten or twenty times a day—I do not think he could wear one without my seeing him—I think he is a cheesemonger, or something of that sort.

COURT. Q. Where was he a cheesemonger? A. I cannot tell—I never knew any thing bad of his character.





JAMES CURRAN
. I am the son of Michael Curran, and am a tailor. I have known the prisoner about two years—I never saw him wear a blue coat during March, 1836—I was in the habit of seeing him every day—he never wore a blue coat—I always considered him a very honest young man, and have repaired clothes for him.

COURT. Q. You have seen him daily, have you? A. Yes—I have occasion to go backwards and forwards to my father—he lived and lodged in the house—I do not know what he is—I understand he was in the butter business, but where I cannot say—he has been lodging in the house with my father about two years, up to the present time—he had left us about a fortnight—I have seen him wear a brown and black coat, but never a blue coat—not for the two years—he lodged in the top room—I must pass his room to go to my father's—my father lives in the top front room—I have generally seen him at home, I cannot swear every day—he wore a brown frock coat, but no gilt buttons.





JOHN M'NEALE
. I am a provision dealer, and live at Cock-hill, Bishops gate. I have known the prisoner six or seven years—I know nothing the reverse of his honesty—I was in the habit of seeing him frequently in March, 1836—he had a kind of green frock coat that he wore almost two years.

COURT. Q. It was not a purple coat? A. It was a kind of green frock coat, and he had a kind of black coat after that—a strong black, a kind of Oxford mixture—I think he had the green coat about March, 1836—I cannot say what he had before that—I cannot say that I ever saw him with a blue coat—I cannot say what he had on on the 4th of March, 1836—I used to see him once or twice a week, perhaps three or four times—he was an acquaintance of mine—his father kept a shop in Finsbury—I have known him six or seven years—I might be three months without seeing him—I do not know how he gets his livelihood.




GUILTY
.† Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
