





Second London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
975. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ROGERS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of May
, at St. Martin, Ludgate, 97 yards of silk, value 14l., and 1 wooden roller, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        George 
                        Hilditch
                     




                   and others, in their dwelling-house
            .


                  EVAN 
                  HOWELL
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  George 
                  Hilditch
               



             and his two brothers, of Ludgate-hill


, silk-mercers
. The prisoner is a stranger - on the 7th of May, about four o'clock in the afternoon, I saw the prisoner come into the shop with a woman, who asked to see some black handkerchiefs; I went to the other end of the shop to fetch them, and was about half way returning, when I saw the prisoner walk out of the shop rather brisk; the woman was still sitting down - they had come in together - this ninety-seven yards of silk had been about six yards further into the shop than they were standing, on another counter - I did not show the handkerchiefs to the female, for I saw the silk hanging down from under the prisoner's arm, and instantly ran after him, and by the time he was turning out of the door into the street, I was within a yard and a half of him - Mr. Norton was coming in at the time, and spoke to me; we both followed him calling, Stop thief! and overtook him about twenty yards off; he turned up a narrow court - he had the silk when we laid hold of him - I saw him drop it a few yards in the court; it is ninety-seven yards - he ran a few yards and was laid hold of in my sight - I instantly returned, and the woman had gone also - Mr. Norton picked the silk up - when the prisoner was brought back to the shop, and I said I should go for an officer, he said, "Oh, don't."
Prisoner. Q. Did you lose sight of me? Witness. A. For an instant while you turned out at the door.


                  JAMES 
                  SNOW
               



            . I received the prisoner in charge for stealing the silk; he said he did not take it - I have had it ever since.


                  THEOPHILUS 
                  NORTON
               



            . I live at Kentish-town. I was accidentaly passing down Ludgate-hill and saw the prisoner coming out of Mr. Hilditch's shop, with the silk hanging down on the ground; and at the threshold of the door I met the witness; he and I went in pursuit of him - he was never out of my sight; I saw him drop the silk - he was secured by two bricklayer's labourers, and brought back to the shop - the constable was sent for - he wished the prosecutor to let him go.



                  GEORGE 
                  HIDDITCH
               



            . This silk is the property of myself and partners - it would cost us about 3s. 4d. or 3s. 5d. a yard - it is worth 14l.
Prisoner's Defence (written). Until the present charge(which is totally unfounded) I have never had a stain upon my character, as I have been employed by many respectable persons in my trade as a working jeweller; I have a wife and two children who are very young, the eldest not being more than five years of age, and my wife being very ill at the present time; and if I should be sent out of my native land they will be left upon the wide world without a friend to give them any assistance, or even a loaf of bread.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 49. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
