



518. 




MATTHEW ANDERSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
21st of December, 1 sheet, value 3s., the goods of 



William Coggins.






JANE COGOINS
. I am the wife of William Coggins, of No. 7, Thames-street, Greenwich. On the 21st of December, I placed a sheet in the middle of the yard, on a line, to dry—in the morning I left my dog. in the yard at six o'clock, and the sheet was safe—I missed it before seven o'clock—this is my sheet—(looking at it.)





JOHN HURST
. I am a blacksmith, living at Greenwich. I heard a cry of "Stop thief" on the evening of the 21st, I was going in-doors, and saw a parcel thrown over the rails, looking white—I looked at it with a candle, and it was a sheet—I saw two men running—one of them threw this sheet—I took it.





WILLIAM DOVE
 (police-constable R 160.) Between six and seven o'clock, on the evening of the 21st of December, I was on duty at Greenwich—John Closh came to me with the prisoner, and gave him into custody—I have the sheet.





JOHN CLOSH
. I am an engineer, and live at No. 12, Coleman's-buildings. About five minutes past six o'clock that evening, I was at my gate, going to my yard—I put my hand out to open my gate, and saw the prisoner stooping—I said, "Halloo, what are you doing there?"—he never spoke—our yard is between thirty and forty yards from Mr. Coggins's—the prisoner rose up—I took him by the collar, and saw something bulky and white under his jacket—I put my hand on it, and found it was wet linen—I then called the police—the prisoner said, if I did not let him go, he would knock my b—y two eyes into one—he twisted himself from me—I pursued him, and did not lose sight of him—we passed Mr. Hurst's, and the neighbours called out, "He has dropped the things"—I still followed, and a waterman stopped him—he said, "Now you may search me"—I said, "You have dropped the things"—the waterman said, "Go back," we did, and Hurst brought the sheet to me—I took the prisoner to the policeman—I did not see him throw it away—his shirt was open, and his breast was all bare, and I could see the sheet, and his arm confined it under his jacket—I asked my wife if she, had lost any

thing—she said she had not—the sheet was brought to me about ten minutes after I saw it on the prisoner.

Prisoner. I leave it to the mercy of the Court.




GUILTY
.* Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
