




559. 




ELIZABETH HICKMAN
 and 



WILLIAM HICKMAN
 the younger were indicted for

 receiving, of a certain evil-disposed person, on the 
10th of December, 1 copper, value 15s., the goods of 



Henry Cressweller, they well knowing it to have been stolen, &c, against the Statute, &c.






JOHN PEATON
. I am shopman to Mr. Henry Cresweller—he carries on business at No. 2, High-street, St. Marylebone—on the 10th of December I missed this copper, about ten o'clock in the evening—this is his property.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How do you know it? A. It is one of two which I had ordered to be made in a particular way, the top rivets being made flush—the general way of making them is to have all the rivets but the top ones made flush—these were made to fit into an iron frame—I never saw one like these—they were made at my own suggestion, which I thought an improvement, to form a portable copper.

COURT. Q. Are you able to swear, to the best of your belief, that that is the copper you lost? A. Yes.





FRANCIS KEYS
. I am an officer of Marylebone. On Friday, the 16th of January, I went to the prisoner's house in Boston-place—I found the male prisoner—I told him I had a warrant to search the house—I asked if his name was Hickman—he said, "Yes"—I went into the shop, which is a marine store and rag shop—I searched for some other things, but I found this copper in the front room up stairs, a bed-room, it was covered with rags and old bolsters—I said, "Here is a new copper, how do you account for that?" He said, "It is one we have had for some time, we bought it at Pontifex's, in St. Martin's-lane." I took it away with the male prisoner, and Mr. Peaton identified it—the female prisoner did not come home while I was there—there was a man there very much afflicted, who I understood to be her husband.





JOSEPH COLLARD
. I am an officer. I went with Keys to the house—we found the male prisoner there—I waited, I suppose, two hours, till the female prisoner came home—she came into the shop and took off her cloak—I was in the shop—I asked her if her name was Hickman—the said it was—I then told her I had been searching her house for some property supposed to be stolen, that we had found it, and she must go with me to the office—she said she was certain she had no property in her house but what she had come honestly by, and she was very willing to go to the office, as she could account for every thing—we then left her house.

Q. How do you know it was her house? A. My brother officer asked

the young man if his name was Hickman—he said, "Yes." As I was going along with the female prisoner, I told her we had found a copper, and asked how she accounted for the possession of it—she said, "O, the copper is it? I came honestly by it, I bought it of Mr. Pugh, in Greyhound-yard, Holborn"—I said no more, having heard her son tell my brother officer that they had bought it at Pontifex's—I had searched the house and found no other copper there—when we arrived at the office the magistrate had left, and the prisoners were locked in separate cells which adjoined out another. I heard the female prisoner call out to the male prisoner, "Bill, it is the copper they have brought us here for; you know we bought that at Pugh's, in Greyhound-yard, Holborn, for 16s., about the 14th of last month"—the male prisoner replied, "I have told a lie about the copper, mother—I told them we bought it at Pontifex's in St. Martin's-lane, where we had sold the old pieces of brass"—she said, with an oath, "That will not do, you fool"—immediately after that a man came into the yard, whom we had seen at the house in Boston-place—he called out "Hickman." Mrs. Hickman answered, "Is that you?" calling him by a name which I forget—he said, "Yes"—the then said, "They have got us here locked up about a copper; will you go down to Pugh's in Greyhound-yard, Holborn, and ask him for the bill of it? it cost 16s., and was bought about the 14th of last month"—she repeated these words several times, and asked him if he understood it; he said he did, and went away; he was gone perhaps two hours; when he came back, and called again, "Hickman," to let them know he had returned—I was waiting in the office, they could not see nor hear me; the man then said, "Mrs. Hickman, what was the use of sending me on such a fool's errand as that? Pugh knows nothing about a copper, he does not know at all what you mean; he does not understand you; he says he never sold you any copper"—she then said, "Aye, I was in liquor when I told you that—you must go up to the old man," meaning her husband, in Boston-place.

Q. Do you know that he was her husband? A. No, but the son had called him father two or three times, and told him what our business was—he was in the parlour behind the shop—he is afflicted with apoplexy, I believe, and has lost the use of his side, and his speech—he was scarcely able to walk—I should say decidedly he was not able to carry on the business of the house—he could not give directions, because he could not speak; but he seemed to understand every thing.

JURY. Q. Did you hear him speak? A. He could make a noise, signifying "No"—I asked him several questions, forgetting he was in that situation—if an article had been offered for tale, he was not capable of giving his answer—he could signify by signs—I am quite positive he could not carry on the trade of the house.

COURT. Q. What did the prisoner, Elizabeth, say to the man in the yard? A. She told him he must go to the old man; and she said, "The copper you know, that we gave 16s. for, on the 14th of last month, at Pugh's, go and ask the old man for the bill, he will find it on the file"—the man set off—I went with him—we went into the back parlour, and found the old man just where I had left him in the morning—he was sitting down—he has the use of one hand, and was smoking his pipe—I told him his wife wanted the bill off the file, of the copper that was bought at Pugh's—he shook himself, and made a sort of motion, and said, "Hum, hum," and began to cry very much—I asked him where the file was that he kept his bills on—he pointed me to two—I took them down, and looked over them very care-fully,

but I could find no bill of the copper on either of them—I asked him if he had a bill for the copper at all—he again made a sort of noise, meaning "No"—I said, "Nor ever had, I suppose?"—he again made the same noise.

Q. Was the noise the same when he appeared to mean yes and no? A. I understood him "No"—he never had occasion to answer me, "Yes."

Cross-examined by
MR. CHURCHILL. Q. When you went to the old man, did you expect an answer? A. No—I knew he could point out where the bill would be—he was capable of attending to business, so at to point out where one thing or another was—he can get out of his chair, and move from one part of the room to another—he is capable of knowing every thing that is brought into the shop in a way of business—I should think, as far as intellect went, he was capable of attending to business.

Q. Then is there any thing more than physical infirmity that prevents his attending to the whole business? A. I think not—he is capable of signifying what he wishes to be done—I did not take the files away—there were, perhaps, thirty or forty papers on each file—I read every one—it was on the 16th of January that this woman said, "We bought it on the 14th of last month"—she had been in custody two hours.





EVAN PUGH
. I live in Greyhound-yard, Holborn. My wife is half-sister to Mrs. Hickman—I never sold this copper to her, or to her son, or to any body in their house—I know nothing about it—I never sold Hickman a halfpennyworth of any thing in my life—I have been to the house, but I believe it is more than two years since.

Elizabeth Hickman's Defence. I bought the copper, under my husband's direction, of a man who told me he came from Mr. Pugh, understanding I wanted a copper—I had but 10s. at the time—I asked my husband if I should borrow 6s. to make up the money, he said, "Ay,"—he can say six words very well—I asked him if he thought it was all right, and he said, "Ay"—we always act under his direction—he can put down things with his left hand.





JAMES HARDING
. I am a painter, and live at No. 49, Burton-place. I know the prisoners, and know the husband—I have visited the house every day since the prisoners have been committed—the husband carries on the business—he is fully competent to it—he is able to walk from one street to another, and gives directions—this woman bears a very good character for honesty.

ELIZABETH HICKMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 61.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

WILLIAM HICKMAN—


NOT GUILTY
.
(There was another indictment against the prisoners, on which no evidence was offered.)
