



549. 




THOMAS WATSON
alias
 Thomas James Magee,

 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
16th of January, 1 watch, value 10s.; 2 printed books, value 12s.; 2 tooth-picks, value 2s.; 1 brooch, value 4s.; 1 scent-bottle, value 1s.: 1 ink-stand, value 1s.; 1 candlestick, value 1s.; 1 box, value 1s.; 1 piece of foreign silver coin, called a rupee, value 2s.; 1 sixpence 7 fourpences, 1 threepence, 1 twopence, and 3 halfpence; the goods and monies of 



Clara Saunders Lewis.







CLARA SAUNDERS LEWIS
. I am single, and live at the Bell Tavern, Fleet-street. I lost this property on the 10th of January, from a box in ray bedroom—the prisoner slept in the house that night, and one night before—my box was locked—I lost the box as well—the prisoner must have taken it about half an hour after he went up stairs to bed—the housemaid discovered that he was missing from his room, and the waiter found the property under his bed—his bed-room was on the second floor, and mine was on the third—the property is here—it is all mine—(looking at it.)

Prisoner. Q. When did you see your box safe? A. About three o'clock, and it was missing about a quarter after ten o'clock—Mrs. Baker first found it—most of the doors in the house were unlocked—there is a billiard-room in the house—there were not more than two persons playing—they could not have gone to my room without being seen by Mr. Baker or the marker—they did not leave the room—the box was found in the room next to yours—the cook was in the next room—you might not have been heard if you had gone up stairs and broken open the box—you were not seen to go into the room—the housemaid saw your door open and missed you from the room.





ROBERT BAKER
. I am proprietor of the Bell-tavern, Fleet-street. The prisoner came in about nine o'clock on Thursday, the 10th of January, and called for a pint of stout—he had slept there on the Tuesday night—he asked if he could be accommodated with the same bed he had on the Tuesday night—I said, "Yes"—he sat some time and then went to bed—I was in the billiard-room—I saw him go up stairs at half-past nine or perhaps a quarter to ten o'clock—about half-an-hour after, Mrs. Baker came to me and said he was not in his room—I said, "You had better go and see where he is"—she and the waiter went up stairs—I followed in about a minute, and when they got up the prisoner was gone into his own room again—they searched, and saw on the same floor that the drawers had been opened, but nothing taken out—we then went on the attic-floor, and this box was missing—I and the waiter then went into the prisoner's room—he was in bed—we found nothing there, but as we were coming out a scent bottle fell off the bed—I sent for an officer, and found some of the prosecutrix's things in the bed, and some under the bed, and a pair of scissors, with which I suppose he broke the box open.





BENJAMIN GARRENS
. I am waiter at the Bell-tavern. I went into the room where the prisoner slept, and found the property—the prisoner was in bed and pretended to be asleep—I knocked at the door first several times.





THOMAS HANDS
 (City police-constable No. 225.) I took the prisoner, and have produced the box and property.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the robbery—I slept on the Tuesday at Mr. Baker's, and went again on the Thursday and got the same bed again—I sat and drank a pint of porter, and then went to bed—I had been there about half or three-quarters of an hour, when the waiter came and knocked at the door—he said he had forgotten something in the room—he looked about, and found the smelling-bottle—he then went down

stairs, the landlord and the officer came in and said a box was stolen—they searched the room, and found the things under the carpet, and the box in another room, but I had known nothing of it at all, and had not seen it till I was at the police-office—I had been seeking for a situation in the linen drapery business—I am quite a stranger in London—I was not seen to leave the bed-room after I entered it.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
