





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
1588. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BAKER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously assaulting 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Barrowcliff
                        




                     
                  , on the 1st of August
 putting him in fear, and taking from his person, and against his will, 1 purse, value 6d.; 38 sovereigns, and 2 half-sovereigns
            , his property.


                  JOHN 
                  BARROWCLIFF
               



            . I am an upholsterer
, and live in Fleet-street. On the 1st of August, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was on the left-hand side of Blackfriarsbridge


, on the London side - it was the day London-bridge was opened; I had three children with me - I had twelve 5l. Bank-notes, thirty-eight sovereigns, and two half-sovereigns in my purse, and one sovereign loose in my pocket; the Bank notes were in my breast pocket - I did not lose them; the gold was in my left-hand breeches pocket -I opened my purse on my way to the bridge, and at that time put the notes into my breast pocket; I buttoned up my pocket tight a few minutes before I got to the bridge, and the moment I got there - I was on the top of the step- I and my childern were surrounded, and the prisoner, who was among a number of others who surrounded me, pressed between me and my little child, got between up, and separated us - their pressing against me, drew my attention from my pocket - I preceived my pocket much lighter than it was; I put my hand to it, and the purse and money were gone - one of my childern saw the loose sovereign on the steps; I am sure at least six persons surrounded me - I am certain of the prisoner; he was under my left arm, directly at the side of my pocket from which the sovereigns were taken - I told my eldest child to take care of the childern while I followed the prisoner, who, I was sure, had robbed me; I followed him at a few yards' distance, as near as the crowd would let me, and was looking out for an officer - the moment I saw one I gave him in charge; he might have gone one hunderd yards from where I was robbed; I have not found my purse or money- he said nothing to the charge; I took my eldest daughter to the Computer to see him a few hours after.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many other persons were on the bridge? A. It was covered - my attention was exclusively directed to the prisoner after I was beset; my attention was directed to six persons - I have sworn to another person before the Alderman; I only swore that, to the best of my belief, that person wasamong the six who beset me - I believe that person to be a witness here; he has served me with a copy of a writ, to sue me for damages - I have not a doubt he is the person I took him for now; I only swore to him, to the best of my belief - I did not swear to him positively; I swear positively to the prisoner - the prisoner last night called that person 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Bickerton
               



            , and got his trial put off to have him here; a copy of a writ was served on me - I did not read it, but took it to my solicitor; I have been told the person has one or two names - he went by the name of Wilson at the lock-up house; I kept my eye on the prisoner from the time I was robbed till he was taken, which was in about four minutes, and he was attempting to pick a pocket at that time - I gave him in charge, and so did the person whose pocket he was attempting; I did not see him do that - he could pick half a dozen pockets without my seeing him; I could see his head in the crowd, but not his hands.
Q. Have you ever gone out to fish for pickpockets? A. Yes - I have been endeavouring to find the other five; I believe I said at Guildhall that I lost upwards of thirtyfive sovereigns, but have since counted my money, and discovered that it was thirty-eight sovereigns and two half-sovereigns - I never swore I lost forty sovereigns; I should recollect three of the others if I saw them twelve months hence - Bickerton was one of the six, to the best of my recollection.


                  ELIZA 
                  BARROWCLIFF
               



            . I am the prosecutor's daughter. I was with him on the steps of the bridge, nearest to the shore; three more of my father's family were with us - they are younger than me; I saw five or six men surround him - I then saw one of them get under my father's arm; he was nearest to my father's person - I could not see what was done, for the men pushed us; directly they were gone my father said he was robbed - I looked at the persons who had left him; I observed the features of the man who was under his arm before he left, and am certain it was the prisoner - I saw him again at Guildhall; I was not present when the constable took him - I went with my father to the Compter the same evening; he was in custody there.
Cross-examined. Q. On your oath, did you see that man at the Compter? A. Yes - I saw him at Guildhall the night of the robbery; the Compter is at Guildhall - I was at Guildhall the next day; I saw the prisoner the same night as the robbery, but I forgot that - I was very much frightened when it happened; I know the prisoner is the man- there was a great rush of people; I did not have all my sisters to hold - there were three of the family with us; the youngest was six years old - my father was looking after her; I cannot say what handkerchief the prisoner had on.


                  JAMES 
                  HACKWELL
               



            . I was sworn as a special-constable, to act on the bridge. I was on the bridge, and saw the prisoner there - I did not see the prosecutor till after I had the prisoner, who I immediately took, on seeing him draw his hand from a person's pocket; Mr. Barrowcliff immediately came up, and charged him with robbing him of a purse and sovereigns - I cannot recollect how many sovereigns he mentioned; the prisoner made no answer to the charge - he was taken to the Compter, examined next day, and committed; when I first saw him he was in company with others, and went away to a person who gave him in charge, and whose pocket I saw him draw his hand out of; he was searched, but nothing was found on him -I had not seen him near the prosecutor.
Cross-examined. Q. How came you to be sworn in? A.Because I applied for it - I was a constable of Bow-street, but not a regular one; I hold two Bow-street warrants now - I was transferred to the new Police, and was charged with being drunk, but it was not true - I was dismissed; I heard Mr. Barrowcliff make a charge against a person who he thought was one of the men, but I did not attend to what he said, as that was not a case of mine; I dare say there were a thousand people on the bridge.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to see the sight, like other people; the bridge was much crowded - I was taken by the officers, but knew nothing of the charge.


                  RICHARD 
                  BICKERTON
               



            . I hold a situation in Doctors'-commans, as clerk, and have been there nearly twenty years. I went to see His Majesty open the bridge - I did not see the prosecutor there; he charged me at Guildhall as being one of the gang concerned in robbing him of forty sovereigns and somethings more - he positively stated that I was one of the party, that he was positive of it; I have brought on action against him - I was only a few hours in custody, and discharged by the Alderman; I had no knowledge of his being robbed.
COURT. Q. Do you know the prisoner? A. I never saw him till he was at Guildhall - I had been out that evening, and was taken up as being disorderly; I swear the prosecutor positively swore I was one of the gang, but the Alderman discharged me - Mr. Armstrong, my principal, came forward, and gave me a twenty years' character.




               GUILTY of stealing from the person only
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Life
            .
