



722. 




ANN
alias
 Mercy

COOK
 was indicted for

feloniously uttering a counterfeit shilling to 



Mary Grady, having been previously convicted as a common utterer of counterfeit coin.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Ann Cook—I compared it with the original record, in the office of the Clerk of the Peace for Middlesex, in the Sessions-house (read).





JOHN FISHWICK SUMMERSELL
. I am a turnkey of the House of Correction. I was in Court when the prisoner was tried for the offence mentioned in the record—I know her to be the person.





MARY GRADY
. I am turned ten years old. On the 25th of February I was keeping my mother's stall, in Broad-street, she sells tapes and cottons—the prisoner came to me, and asked me if I had change for a shilling—I said I had not got it—she told me to go into the gin shop, and get her change for a shilling—there was one just by, kept by Mr. Cockhead—I went there with the shilling which she gave me, and offered it to be changed—he told me to go and tell the woman to come in, and I did so.

Prisoner. How long have you known me? Witness. I cannot remember how long, I knew you before, and have seen you at my mother's at dinner.





RICHARD COCKHEAD
. I keep the Rose and Crown, in Broad-street, St. Giles, This child came to me to change a shilling, the moment I saw it, I asked her who gave it to her, she told me, and she went out at my desire—the prisoner came in, and asked what I meant by detaining her shilling—I had that moment laid it down on the counter—I told her it was a bad one, and she ought to know better—she said, "If you will not change that, change this, or this," throwing down two more—a constable came to the door just at that moment, and I gave her into custody, and gave him the two shillings she had thrown down—I marked the first shilling, and produce it.

Prisoner. Q. You know I used to have plenty of money? A. I have had 2l. or 3l. at times to keep for her, which she had drawn a little at a time.





WILLIAM SMITH
. I was no duty passing the prosecutor's house, and took the prisoner into custody—he gave me two shillings, which I produce—I searched her, and found three halfpence on her—she was rather in liquor, but knew what she was about.

MR. FIELD. These two shillings are counterfeit, and the first also, and they are all impressed from the same mould.


Prisoner's Defence. I did not know they were had—I had been drinking with the child's mother all day—I pawned my cloak for two shillings—I sent the child, thinking it was a good shilling.




GUILTY
.* Aged 64—


Transported for Life.
(The prisoner had been convicted five times before.)

Before Mr. Justice Park.
