



2110. 




MARY KENDRICK
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of June, I watch, value 4l. 1 watch-guard, value 1s.; 5 sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, and 10 shillings; the goods and monies of 



Thomas Hughes, in the dwelling-house of 



Sarah Taylor.






THOMAS HUGHES
. I live in Brick-court, Temple. I was going home, on the morning of the 30th of June, between one and two o'clock—in

passing through Westminster I was accosted by the prisoner—I had drank some wine, and was weak enough to go with her to a house leading from Tothill-street—I undressed and went to bed—in a short time she made an excuse to leave the room—I had my watch and guard-chain and five sovereigns, and about 15s. in my pocket—shortly after she returned I went to sleep, and slept two hours—I awoke, and she was gone—I missed my watch and money—I raised an alarm, a young girl came up, and I told her to call the police—she went out, and shortly after the prisoner entered the room—she was very violent—I detained her till the police arrived—this is my watch, which I had left on the table—(examining it)—it was found secreted behind a box near the wall.





WILLIAM COCKERELL
. I live in Pye-street, Westminster, and am a general dealer. Between three and four o'clock that morning the prisoner came and asked if I would let her have something to eat—I said "Yes"—she had something, and threw me down a sovereign—I said I had not sufficient silver to give change—she went out, but came back in one minute after, and had some more—I saw from three to five sovereigns in her hand.





ANN TAYLOR
. I am the daughter of Sarah Taylor, she keeps the house—it is in the parish of St. Margaret, Westminster—I am not sixteen years old—I lighted the gentleman and the prisoner up stairs—I left the light, and she came down for some warm water—I made some warm, she took it in, and went away—I called her, she was not there—I went and looked in the street, but could not see her.





JAMES FOWLER
 (police-constable B 84.) I was sent for, and searched the room—I found this watch secreted behind two boxes—the house is in Little Deal-street, in the Almonry—it is a common brothel—S. Taylor is very ill, and the brothel is conducted wholly by the last witness.

Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent. I had been to the same house with a gentleman, who gave me, as I supposed, 2s., but on examination I found one was a sovereign—I changed it at Mr. Cockerell's—I had no other money in my hand—the prosecutor was awake when I went down.





THOMAS HUGHES

re-examined. I was aware she made an excuse for going down the first time, and I went to sleep.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
