



2428. 




JOHN SMITH
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Matthew Fillmer and another, at 

St. George the Martyr, Southwark, on the 
7th of October, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 neck-chain, value 8l.; 1 guard-chain, value 20s.; 1 necklace, value 12s.; and 1 pair of ear-rings, value 8s.; their goods.






HUGH ALLAN
. I am shopman to Mr. Matthew Fillmer, a pawnbroker, living in Kent-place. I was putting the shop shutters up, on the 7th of October, about half-past six o'clock in the evening—I had put up three, and was putting up the fourth when I heard a smash—I turned round, and saw the pane of glass next to me was broken—it was the sixth lower pane of glass next to the shutter I was putting up—a person could then put his hand in, and take any thing from the show-board—I saw the prisoner running across the road—I ran after him—he ran down Townsend-street, opposite—I did not lose sight of him—I caught Lim about 300 yards off, and on coming up to him, caught hold of him by his collar—as was taking him back, a person who had hold of him on the other side, asked him what he did it for—he said he had not got any thing—on taking him to my master's I searched him, and found on him a lady's gold neck-chain, a coral necklace, and one gold ear-ring.

Prisoner. Q. Did you see me break the window? A. No, but I saw you running away, and pursued you.





MATTHEW FILLMER
. I live in the parish of St. George, Southwark, Surrey, and am a pawnbroker—the house belongs to me jointly with my brother—I am in partnership with him. On the evening of the 7th of October I was called from the shop, and informed that a window had been broken, and property stolen—I immediately made the best of my way to the front, and after putting a few things from the edge of the window, the witness brought the prisoner back—I saw the articles found on him—this other gold neck-chain was handed to the shop man by a person—the necklace is coral, and has a label attached to it—here is a guard-chain and an ear-ring, the fellow to which was found on the ground outside, in the street, with several other things—I can safely swear to all these articles being our property—there is a communication between the shop and the rest of the house—you can come into the shop from the house without going out of doors—I have a perfect recollection of seeing the large chain in the window on Saturday morning when I passed the window




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.


Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.

