




2196. 




CAROLINE MARSHALL
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
15th of September, 1 watch, value 2l.; and 1 guard-chain, value 10s.; the goods of 



Benjamin Allen, from his person; and 





MARY ANN LEDSHAW



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






BENJAMIN ALLEN
. I am an architectural modeller. On Friday night, or Saturday morning, the 15th of September, about one o'clock, I was coming from Smithfield towards Saffron-hill—I was sober—I met the prisoner Marshall, in the corner of Smithfield, who asked me to go home with her, and to treat her—I said, no, I had no money—she asked me which way I was going—I said, "Down here"—she said, "I am going down here too," and when we got about two streets she dragged me down a place—I said, "It is no use, I have no money"—she said, "You have a watch"—I said, "Yes, and you would like to have it, I dare say"—she made a violent tug at me—I said, "You have got the watch"—she ran off, and I after her—she Tan into a house and shut the door—I got it open, and got into a room in the house—she turned sharp round and shut the door on me—I heard her running down stairs in, and could not open the door directly, but I got on the stairs about the time she got to the bottom—she ran up stairs to me, came into the room, and said, "You b——b——, now have I got your watch?"—I said, "No, I suppose you have planted it"—she said, "If you stop all night with me I will make it all right with your watch"—I said, "If you do not give it to me I will stick to you"—she said, "I know nothing about your b—watch"—I went out, and met two policemen at the bottom of the court—I took them in and gave her in charge, but could not find the watch—we came out, and in the house of the prisoner Ledshaw, two doors off, the policeman said, "This woman (Ledshaw) has got the watch, she hat buried it in the dust-hole"—my watch was found in the dust-hole of that house under the stairs—it was taken from me in quite a narrow dark passage—there was nobody by me but Marshall at the time, and nobody but her was in the room—this is my watch—(looking at it)—the guard was broken by being dragged off my neck.

Marshall. All he has said is wrong.





JOHN ARCHER
. I am a policeman. The prosecutor came and described this to me about a quarter past two o'clock—he was perfectly sober—I went to the house directly, into the room he pointed out—I searched the room, and on the stairs, but could not find the watch—I was bringing Marshall up the court to the station-house—I observed a light in the passage of No. 4—I pushed open the door, and under the stairs in the

dust-hole, I found Ledshaw—I said, "What are you doing here?"—she said, "I am looking for the cat"—I pulled her out—the other constable put him hands in among the dust and there was the watch—I took her into custody—she denied knowing about it, and Marshall also, but when it was found Marshall said, "He gave me the watch for 7s".





ANDREW BRYESON
. I am a policeman. I was at the house and found the watch in the dust-hole—Ledshaw was in the dust-hole with a candle in her hand, and said she was looking for the cat.

Marshall's Defence. I met the prosecutor in King-street, Holbon—he said, "I want to go home with you, I have no money, but I have a like waistcoat, I will leave it with you to pledge"—he afterwards said, "l con not do that, I will leave the watch with you for 7s. until the morning"—there was no lock to my door, and I put the watch in the dust-hole' myself for safety, intending to give it him back in the morning for 7s.—he was with me an hour and a half—I never saw Ledshaw that night at all.

Ledshaw's Defence. I went to bed at eleven o'clock, and in the morning, a woman, who lodges next door, came to me for a light—I gave it to her—my cat ran out at the door—I went to the passage to look for it, and the policeman came in, and pulled out the watch—I had not seen it' that—I had not seen Marshall since Friday afternoon.





BENJAMIN ALLEN

re-examined. I never gave the watch to Marshall—I was not in the room with her ten minutes—I was robbed after one o'clock—I was not with her twenty minutes—I was looking for my watch was Marshall, till I found the policeman—the policeman says it was after two o'clock, but it was but two or three minutes after two o'clock when we got as the station-house, and we had been twice to the station-house, and found the other woman.

Marshall. He was treating a woman in the street Witness, I met two girls before I met her, who begged me to give them a few halfpence, as they had had nothing to eat, and I gave them a few halfpence, bat they accosted me as beggars, not as women of the town.

MARSHALL*—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

LEDSHAW—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.




Transported for Ten Years.
