





2361. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     DAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of September
, 3 glazed window-sashes, value 3l., and 1 glazed sash-door, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Davis
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building
            .


                  HENRY 
                  WHITE
               



            . I am agent to Mr. William Davis, of Bouverie-street - he has some houses at Bromley


; some of them are empty. At half-past six o'clock on the night of the 9th of September I locked them all up safe; and at half-past nine the same night a Policeman spoke to me, and I went to the corner house, in Henry-street - the Policeman unlocked the door, and we went in; I found eight squares of glass taken out of the back door, and some out of the sashes in the back parlour; the lines were cut, the sashes taken out of the frames, and the glass cut out, and laid on the sideboard; we found the prisoner in the cellar- the property was worth about 4l. 10s.; it belonged to 
               
                  William 
                  Davis
               



             - the beads of the back parlour window had been taken out, and the sashes were in the room.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TILLEY
               



             (Police-constable K 213.) On the 9th of September I and my brother officer were on duty,at half-past nine o'clock, at Bromley; we saw a light in this shop; we went, looked in, and saw the prisoner standing in the shop; we went round the house, and then told White - we went, and found the glass as he describes, and the prisoner in the cellar - there was nothing on him but a knife, which had been cutting wet putty - there was putty on it.


                  JOHN 
                  BRADY
               



             (Police-constable K 68.) I found the knife on the prisoner, and this chisel we found at the cellar entry, where the persons came out to make their escape - there were two persons there - one made his escape, and the prisoner was coming out; I went up to him, and told him if he came out I would split his head - he then went back into the cellar, and pretended to be drunk; this glass was taken out of the next house; the knife was in his pocket, with some fresh putty on it.
Prisoner I have been out of employ a long while, and slept in these buildings for three or four weeks - I went to sleep in the house where I formerly used; I saw a light, and thought it was let - I went to the next house, they came, awoke me, and charged me with stealing glass.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
