




1566. 




WILLIAM TUCKER
 and 




SARAH TUCKER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
5th of June, 14 shillings, the monies of 




Henry Austin, from his person.








HENRY AUSTIN
. I am eighteen years of age, and live with my father at the cruer of the New-road. I was in Stephen-street, Lisson-grove. a little before twelve o'clock on the night of the 4th of June, and saw the female prisoner—she asked me to go in with her—I refused at first, but at last prevailed on me—I went, and she asked me to give her 2s. 6d., but she agreed to take 2s.,—I took out my money and said "I have got 14s."—she said I need not be afraid, she should not rob me—I said no, I was not afraid—I went to sleep and found her hand in my pocket, and the male prisoner was on the other side—I said, "Who is that?" she said, her husband—I felt in my pockets and I had not got one farthing—I said, they had got it—the man used threatening words and said he would kick me out—I went to the door, and they shut me out—I stopped some time, and then went home and told my brother—he said I had better get a policeman in the morning, which I did about half-past six o'clock, and went in the morning, which I did about half-past six o'clock, and room—I had been in the kitchen before that—I had 16s., where I came up from there, I gave the woman 2s. and had 14s. remaining—there was a light in the room at the time she put her hand in my pocket—the button had been taken off, and the man there, quite close on the other side of the bed.

William Tucker I saw the prosecutor in the kitchen with a female, and she told me he had given her 3s. 6d


Sarah Tucker Q. Did I not meet you in the passage, and you pushed me in the room and gave me 2s., and I said I would not be with you for less than 2s. 6d? he got on the bed and was very sick, and I held his head. Witness No, I was not, you said I should feel the length of your nails if I did not go out.





CHARLES HENRY CURRY
. (police-constable D 153.) I went with the prosecutor to No. 20, Stephen-street, and was let in by the female prisoner—the man was lying on the bed—I searched Wm. Tucker's pockets, and found 6s. 6d. and 3d., and a duplicate on the woman—she said that the prosecutor had been down stairs before he came up into their room, and then came up and gave her 2s—the prosecutor pointed them out as the person—the person of the house said they were husband and wife.

COURT. to
HENRY AUSTIN. Q. Did you take your trowsers off? A. No—they were on my person.

Sarah Tucker You pulled off all your things and threw them across the room, and the woman came up-stairs to my and made you put your things on Witness No—I did not take them off.

Sarah Tucker I was obliged to do what I have done from poverty, but I never robbed him—I and the other prisoner were married four years ago on the 19th of August—he is my second husband—I am the mother of seventeen children, and have no friends nearer than Devonshire.

WILLIAM TUCKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Life.

SARAH TUCKER—


GUILTY
. Aged 35. 


Judgment Respited.
