



2263. 




STEPHEN DAVIES
 was again indicted

for embezzlement.






ROBERT BARCLAY
. I live in Farringdon-street, and am a patent medicine vender. On the 5th of October I paid a cheque of £11 14s. 1d. on the Bank of England to a man bringing goods from Mr. Butler—I have the cheque returned by the Bank as paid—(producing it)—I paid it for Mr. Butler—I do pot know the prisoner to be in his employ, but I paid the cheque to a person bringing the goods—I cannot swear to the prisoner—I left the bill of parcels at the Mansion-house—it was not returned to me.





HENRY ISON JEBBETT
. I am a serjeant of the City police. 1 apprehended the prisoner at a beer-shop at Aberistwyth, in Wales—I told him I apprehended him for robbing his master, Mr. Butler, in St. Paul's-church-yard—he stoutly denied knowing Mr. Butler, or ever having been in his employ—he said he had been to America, and fell from the rigging of the vessel and hurt his chest, and had been in the hospital at New York, and had not been in England for four years—I took him to the Talbot Inn, searched him, and found nine sovereigns and a half in gold, and 9s. 6d. in silver—this was on Monday, the 8th of October—I asked him where his

trunk was—he said it was at the house of a relative, but he could not get at it that night—I sent and got it—he said he had lost the key, but I said I should break the lock off, and he then produced it—I found the clothes in it which he wore in the prosecutor's employ—in his trunk I found a bill of parcels for a watch bought in Piccadilly on the day he left London—I found the watch on him—I then asked him if he would still continue to say he had not been in London, when the bill was dated the 5th—he said "It is no use to deceive you, I am the person you are looking for"—he said he had changed the cheque he had received at Barclay's for sovereigns at the Bank of England, and that was all the money he had got left—he accounted for all the money within 5l. or 6l. by saying what he gave for the articles found in his trunk and travelling expenses—he said he had in all 24l. odd—when I told him the amount of the bill at Barclay's I said 11l. 14s. 1d. and he said, "No, it was three halfpence," which is the amount of the bill of parcels.





ROBERT LETCHFORD
. The prisoner was in Thomas Butler's employ—I sent him to Messrs. Barclay, of Farringdon-street, to receive 11l. 14s. 1d—he was to return with the money—I did not see him again till he was apprehended.





ROBERT BARCLAY

re-examined. I never paid any other cheque of this amount, in respect of any claim by Mr. Butler.




GUILTY
.* Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
