





2855. 




WILLIAM TAYLOR
 and 




RICHARD MILLS
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
19th of September, 13 feet of lead pipe, value 20s., the goods of 



John Dibbs, and then being fixed to a certain building.—2nd COUNT, stating it to be fixed in a certain street.—3rd COUNT, not stating it to be fixed.






GEORGE JOHN RESTIEAUX
. I am a policeman. On the 19th of September, I was on duty in St. Giles's, and saw the two prisoners in Buckbridge-street, walking together, as two persons who were well acquainted—on seeing me they went into the middle of the road, and walked twelve or fifteen paces—there was a constable on the left-hand side—they crossed to the right, and I took Mills—he had this lead pipe in a bag, and threw it down—the other officer took Taylor—Mills got from me—I took Taylor to the station-house—I found on him this knife covered with wet clay, and the lead, and his clothes were covered with clay—on the 3rd of October I took Mills—he said he had met Taylor in Portman-street, and they went to the corner of Orchard-street, where a man gave him the lead to carry, and he was to have 6d. for it.





JAMES GILLETT
. I am in the service of Mr. John Dibbs. He has a house not finished, in Abbey-place, St. John's Wood—this lead pipe laid along the courtyard to supply the house—I can swear to it, and to this joint on it, which is my work—I saw the pipe safe on the 19th of September, and on the 20th it was gone.

Mills. Q. How do you know this joint? A. By reason of the brass ferule slipping when I made the joint—I can swear I made this joint for Mr. Dibbs.

Taylors Defence. I worked on the Birmingham railway—I travelled round about there, and the clay was on ray shoes—when the policeman took the lead it was messed with clay—he searched me and found the knife—he made it all clay with his hands, and my clothes too.

Mills's Defence. I was with this young man, and a person asked us to carry the bundle to the corner of Bloomsbury-square, and said he would give us 6d. each.

TAYLOR—


GUILTY
.†Aged 24.

MILLS—


GUILTY
.†Aged 23.




Transported for Seven Years.
