






Second London Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
954. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     DIAGER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Davidson
                        



                     
                  , and stealing 1 clock, value 5l.; 1 coat, value 6l.; 1 cloak, value 1l., and 19 quires of paper, value 12s., his property
            .


                  JAMES 
                  DAVIDSON
               



            . I live at No. 28, Trinity-square, Tower-hill



. On the 30th of January

, I lost this property; it was all in my counting-house, which is part of my dwelling-house - it is under the same roof, and has an internal communication, but it has an outer door, which is generally open during the day; I had locked up the counting-house myself about a quarter before three o'clock, and all the property was then safe - I saw this dial, which is mine, at the pawnbroker's; about five weeks afterwards.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am a City-officer. I went, in consequence of a search-warrant, to a house in Cloth-fair; the prisoner had been in custody, from the night before, on a charge of ill-treating his wife, and I went to the house, with his wife - I there found the duplicate of this clock, and a quantity of wearing apparel, which the prisoner stated was his, and he offered to send to the tailors who made it - I found a small box there, which I took to the prisoner, and he had the key of it in his pocket; I went to the pawnbroker's and found this clock by means of the duplicate.
MR. DAVIDSON. No one could have entered my counting-house, but by a false key; they must have gone in at the street door, which is generally open during the hours of business.


                  JAMES 
                  STOCK PALMER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Muncaster, a pawnbroker, in Skinner-street. This dial was pawned there by the prisoner on the 30th of January, about seven o'clock in the evening; it is worth about 50s. at a sale - it was pawned in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Hampson
               



            ; our shop is about a mile and a half from Trinity-square.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he was in the habit of purchasing property and duplicates, and that the property found at his house, he had obtained by purchase from different persons.


                  JAMES 
                  DAVIDSON
               



            . I paid six guineas for the coat; it was worth more than 50s. - the paper was worth 6s., and the cloak was worth 1l.; before I went to the counting-house again, my servant had locked it.




               GUILTY of stealing the clock only, value 50s
            . Aged 25.
955. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  DIAGER
               



             was again indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the warehouse of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hammond
                        



                     
                  , and stealing 11 glasses, called tumblers, value 22s.; 12 candlesticks, value 10s.; 12 scent bottles, value18s.; 56 toys, value 22s.; 1 coat, value 10s., and 7lbs. weight of cheese, value 5s., his property
            .
WILLIAM HAMMOND. I have a warehouse in Size-lane, in the parish of St. Pancras



. At half-past five o'clock, on the 20th of January, I left it locked; I saw it again on the morning of the 21st, at ten o'clock - the door had been forced open, and I missed the articles stated from it; I found this crow-bar on the staircase, with which the door appeared to have been forced - I missed articles to the amount of 10l. in value, but only a part of them are here; what are here are worth about 15s.
Prisoner. Q. Can you swear to these glasses. A. Those glasses are not mine, but the other articles are; I swear to these toys - I am the only person in London who imports them, and these scent bottles are part of eighty gross which I have in the warehouse.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am an officer. On the 6th of March I found these articles, where I found the others.


                  HENRY 
                  FORSTER
               



            . I am a marshalman. I know the prosecutor's warehouse; it is in the parish of St. Pancras, Soper-lane, in the City of London.
Prisoner. I purchased the things, not knowing them to have been stolen.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
