





1442. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  ROW
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of June
, 1 pair of cart-springs, value 50s., the goods of 
                     
                        John 
                        Dennis
                     



                  ; and 1 pair of cart-springs, value 40s.
            , the good of 
               
                  William 
                  Alexander
               



            .
DANIEL COLLINS. I am a Policeman. I saw the prisoner on the 3rd of June, at half-past three o'clock in the morning; I traced him till he came to the end of Cock-court - I then asked what he had in his soot-bag; he said he would show me - he went into a house, and thought to go up stairs, but I laid hold of the bag, and said I would know what there was in it; he put it down, and I found in it these four springs.
ANDREW DUNN. I am a Police-constable, and was with Collins - I found out the owner of these things; I took them, marked them privately, and put them down - the prisoner ran off; I went out, and met the constable with him; our inspector said, "Where did you get them?" he said he found them in coming from Holloway - he asked him how he came to start away, and he muttered at that.
JOHN DENNIS. I locked up my shed on the 2nd of June, and at eight o'clock in the morning I found the springs of both carts gone - they had been on the carts the night before, and had been taken off; one pair is mine, and one is Alexander's - I sent for a smith, and he said they could not have been taken off better by a smith.
WILLIAM ALEXANDER. I live in Crown-street, St. Pancras


. My cart was in this yard - the springs were gone from my cart; these are them.
Prisoner's Defence. At half-past three o'clock a young man called for me, and asked me to carry him some soot; when I got to Holloway-road I said, "This is not soot;" he said, "Never mind, I got them from my brother's, at Holloway" - this officer then took me, and I put them down inside the door; he did not look after the other man - he is twenty-three years old, and the father of three children.
ISAAC COOK. I have been a watchman several years, and am now a private watchman. At half-past three o'clock that morning I saw the prisoner and another - the prisoner had the sack on his back, and these springs in it with some straw - the Policeman came to me, and asked me for a light; the two sweeps then went by him, and he took no notice of them - I called him back, and said,"These sweeps have something they ought not to have;" the other sweep had a machine under his arm.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
