





341. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     BARNETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of January
, 16 1/2 yards of woollen cloth, value 10l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Morrison
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  MORRISON
               



            . I live at No. 53, St. Paul's church-yard


, and am a tailor
. I can only swear to the cloth, which was found in the prisoner's possession.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you keep many shopmen? A. Two shopmen, two errand-boys and two foremen; only the two shopmen are authorised to sell - they are not both here; I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  DENYER
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Morrison. Last Tuesday morning, the 1st of January, about twenty minutes after eight o'clock, the shop-door was open for business - master sells cloth as well as makes it up; I was coming down stairs into the shop, and a young man from Mr. Dunnet's, in Cheapside, came in, and asked if I missed a piece of cloth - I said Yes; I had not missed it, but said so, because no time should he lost - I instantly went out, and spoke to a Policeman, who was near the end of the church-yard; and as I returned home on Ludgate-hill, the Policeman pointed the prisoner out to me; he was taken in charge, with a piece of cloth, sixteen yards and threequarters - I went up to him, and asked where he had got the cloth; he said a man gave it to him in St. Paul's church-yard, to carry - I asked where he was taking it to; he said to the first coach-stand - he said nothing more; he had nobody with him - I can say the cloth is my master's; there is the mark of the threads left, where the ticket had been sewn on; but it is torn off.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it your ticket or the manufacturer's? A. Our's - I do not know when I had seen the cloth last; I cannot say that I do know that it was taken from our shop.


                  JAMES 
                  CUTHBERT
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Dunnet, at the corner of Paternoster-row. About a quarter after eight o'clock I was standing at my master's door; I saw a person come round the corner of St. Paul's church-yard, with a piece of cloth under his arm, part of it being unrolled - directly he got into Paternoster-row, he began to roll it up; he went down Paternoster-row, towards Ludgate-street - I followed him part of the way; he was in my sight two or three minutes - I cannot say who he was; I went round to Morrison's, and made inquiry; and then went back to master's.


                  THOMAS 
                  ISITT
               



            . I am a Policeman. A person came and gave me information, and I saw the prisoner coming out of Paul's-alley, with this cloth under his arm, by the Charter-house - he was in the alley at the time I received the information; he had a handkerchief over the cloth -I followed him into Ludgate-street, and met Denyer; I spoke to him, and then took the prisoner - I had followed close to him; he was walking very gently along, and I did not hurry after him, because he should not notice me - I went up and asked him where he was going to take the cloth; he said a gentleman gave it to him to carry to the first coach-stand, in Bridge-street - I took him into custody; I have not had any inquiry after the cloth; I took the prisoner to Guildhall - I have had the cloth in my possession ever since.
Cross-examined. Q. He was walking leisurely? A. Yes, with the handkerchief over the cloth; it had no paper on it - a stranger had given me information before I saw Denyer; I told the prisoner he had passed the first coach-stand, and then he said, "The first stand in Bridge-street;" the handkerchief did not cover all the cloth - I had my suspicions directly I saw him.
COURT. Q. Did you expect to see such a large piece of cloth, with nothing but a handkerchief over it? A. I did not.


                  JOHN 
                  DEACON
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Morrison. I have looked at the cloth - I am positive it was in my employer's shop the same morning it was missed; I am quite certain it is the cloth - it had master's mark on it when in the shop; it had a ticket on it - when it was brought back there was no ticket, but there was the thread where the ticket had been.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you heard Denyer describe the threads? A. No, I did not attend to what he said; I saw the cloth again at Guildhall - I am the prosecutor's shop-boy; I have folded the cloth up - it is black; I saw it on the counter a quarter of an hour before it was missed- the other boy was lighting the first at the back of the shop, and a person might come in and take it; there had been no customer that morning - there was a canvas ticket on the cloth, with a number on it - it could not have been sold.
JOHN MORRISON re-examined. I swear to the cloth - I keep an account of every particle of stock, and enter every thing sold; directly I was told the cloth was missing, I set the young man to work to see what cloth it was - he discovered the number, and then ascertained what quantity was cut from it; he is not here - I examined also, and found the quantity which ought to have been left was sixteen yards and three quarters, which was put down on this piece of paper before we measured it; there are marks where the ticket was - here is still the manufacturer's number on it, 17,917; I wrote that down before I saw the cloth, and part of that number had been cut out; it was very likely done at the cloth-worker's - there are two numbers, one the manufacturers on the outer part of the cloth, in very large numbers; but there is one part of the number now, which is 917 - the rest has been cut out: here are the threads which sewed on our number; I positively swear to this cloth - it is worth 10l. - the large figures were probably cut out before I purchased it.
Prisoner's Defence. A gentleman asked me to carry it to the first coach-stand - I pointed him out to the Policeman, but he took no notice of him.
THOMAS ISITT. He did not point out any body to me, or I should have taken that person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
