





424. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MORTIMER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of October
, 4 crowns. 40 half-crowns, 60 shillings, and 40 sixpences, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Taplin
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  TAPLIN
               



            , JUN. I am the son of Thomas Taplin - he is a jobbing post-master and livery-stable keeper
 - the prisoner had been his horsekeeper
 for about twelve months. On the 11th of October I sent him with four crowns, forty half-crowns, sixty shillings, and forty sixpences, to go to Mr. Hedges, in Drury-lane, to get it converted into gold - he never returned; I found him in Tothill-fields, committed under the Vagrant Act.


                  RICHARD 
                  JAMES JEFFERYS
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Hedges, a pawnbroker. I was in the habit of giving gold or notes to the prisoner, for silver, for his master - on the 11th of October he did not come at all, nor about that time; I have never seen him since.
Prisoner's Defence. He used to send me frequently with 30l. or 40l., to get gold or notes, and that time it happened to be but 10l. - I saw a mob between Long-acre and Mr. Hedges; I ran with the money in my side pocket, and did not think of it - when I came out of the mob the money was gone; I was afraid to go back, and have been in great distress about the town till I was taken.
MR. TAPLIN. He had been often sent with larger sums of money - when we found he did not return, I went to Bow-street, and was advised to go to his native place, in Berkshire; I went there, but could not trace him - he had been twelve days in Tothill-fields when I found him.
JURY. Q. Was the money in a bag? A. Yes, tied up, as was customary; I believe we took the prisoner without a character - we expected 10l. for this silver.
COURT. Q. Would it not have been of considerable weight? A. Yes, it was in a sample bag - I believe he usually put it into his breeches pocket; I should think it would be such a bulk that it would be missed immediately - we have a great many servants, with coaches and cabriolets, in different parts of the town, and we offered them a reward if they could find the prisoner, but they could not - I have often cautioned him, and he said he never took his hand out of the pocket the silver was in.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
