





304. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 30th of December
, 2 coats, value 4l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     David 
                     Evans
                  




               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am the wife of David Evans - we live in Grosvenor-street, Westminster


. On the 29th of December the prisoner took a bed-room of us, on the ground floor; he said he had a house at Clapham - that his wife was a laundress, and he should want the room till April, as he had to go home every night, and return every morning; he came the same night, and went to bed about ten o'clock - at five o'clock in the morning I was awoke by the noise of a trunk drawn from under the prisoner's bed; I awoke my husband, and told him to get up and take the key out of the street door, which he did - my husband then went to sleep again, but in a short time I heard the prisoner go along the passage, and open the door; I got up, and found him at the door - he had neither coat, hat, nor shoes on; I asked what he was going to do - hesaid to see what o'clock it was; my husband got up, and said he had better go back to his room, and see if all was right: I felt about the room, found a pair of trousers, and then a great coat - I got a light, and sent for the Policeman; the coat and trousers had been in the trunk, which had been locked - I then asked what he had done with the other coat, which had been in the trunk; he said it was on the bed - I then missed some silk handkerchiefs out of the trunk: I asked where they were - he said by the bedside; I found them there, and the next morning I found a piece of iron in the fire-place - I have since discovered that he had attempted to force the locks off some doors; there were some pieces of them broken off - I had seen the trunk safe at eight o'clock in the evening.


                  DAVID 
                  EVANS
               



            . My wife awoke me; we found the things as she has described - there was no person there but him.
Prisoner's Defence. I dropped my handkerchief, and 
               drew
             the trunk out to get it; the trunk was just open - I never saw the things; it was very dark - the door was locked, and I opened it to see the time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 50. - Transported 


               for Seven Years
            .
