



2674. 




SAMUEL CHAPMAN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
12th of July, at 
Bermondsey, 1 gelding, price 30l., the property of 



James Cordy.


MR. CLARKSON. conducted the Prosecution.






JAMES CORDY
. I live at Portslay, in Sussex. On Thursday morning, the 11th of July, my servant conveyed me, in my phaeton and pair, from Portal ay to Brighton—I went to London by the early coach that day—I returned on Saturday the 13th—I heard in London that ray stable had been broken open, and, on returning, I missed my horse—the stable-doer had been repaired—when I got back I published handbills of my loss, and received a communication from Mr. Haddon—on the 25th of August I went down to Ickworth, in Suffolk, and saw ray horse—I knew it directly—it was in a very poor state indeed, and had its tail cut square—when I lost it it was in very excellent condition, and had a switch tail—I attended before the Magistrate, and after I swore to it they allowed me to take possession of it—a man named Manning is now in Bury Gaol, charged with receiving it—Cousins saw my horse on my road back, at the Windsor Castle public-house, Purley Green, and Johnson, Mr. Batty's carman, has also seen it—I found the horse's neck very sore, as if rubbed by the collar—it is a remarkable horse, and had lost a tooth in the under jaw—it is a bay gelding, rather dark.





HENRY HARDS
. I am in Mr. Cordy's service. I drove him to Brighton n the 11th of July—I got back at eight o'clock the same morning—It is but four miles—I locked up the horses in the stable at eleven o'clock at night—the dark bay horse was safe then—I locked the stable, and put the key into my pocket—it is a patent lock—I went to the stable at half-past six o'clock in the morning, and found the lock punched off, and the bay horse gone; also, a new bridle, a saddle, and a pair of plated spurs—the saddle was not quite new, but it was as good as new, and looked new—I saw the horse again when my master returned from Suffolk, and knew it again—the tail was cut square, which was a switch before, and it was in a very Poor state, but I am quite sure it is the same horse.





CHARLES COUSINS
. I am an ostler at the Windsor Castle public-house, Purley-green, about a mile from Croydon, further from London, on the Brighton-road. On a morning in July last, I saw the prisoner at our house, between

seven and eight o'clock—I heard of the loss of Mr. Cordy's horse the same morning as it was lost—I was not present when the prisoner came—I had been out for something, and when I returned he was there—when I first saw him he came out into the back-yard of the house to me, and asked me the nearest way to Woolwich—I told him I did not know—he asked me the way to Shooter's-hill—I said I did not know—I went in to clean my knives, and after that I saw him going into the stable—I went to him, and saw a dark bay horse there—the prisoner had a pair of plated spurs on, and was looking at the, horse eating his corn—the horse seemed as if he had been hard ridden, and did not appear to eat his corn—I saw the prisoner put a Mackintosh on the horse, after I had rubbed him down—it was heated very much, as if it had been ridden a good bit—the prisoner said, "I think I have ridden him rather too hard, T have driven him off his stomach"—he left the Mackintosh behind, and I produce it—I went to get some water to give the horse, and the prisoner said, "Stop a bit, I will get a pint of ale, to pat into it, as it may do him good;" which I did, and the horse drank part of it—he then said he would shut him up a few minutes—he pot the Mackintosh on him, and went away and left him for a little while—I went and finished my knives, and afterwards I came out again, to see how the horse got on—the prisoner then said he thought he should start, and wanted his horse—I put the saddle and bridle on—it was a new bridle—I got the horse ready for him, and he rode away—I have not the least doubt of the prisoner being the man—I have since seen the hone in the prosecutor's possession, and have not the least doubt of its being the same.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. When did you first see the prisoner again? A. When I saw him at Union-hall—he was sitting where the police were—Mr. Cordy said, "Look round, and see if you can see the man"—I looked round, and Mr. Cordy said, "Do you see him?"—I said, "The man sits on the other side there, behind those people"—Mr. Cordy did not say," That is Chapman"—he asked me if the man sitting in the bar was the man, and I said it was—he pointed to Chapman, and asked if he was the man, and I said he was—I was gone down to Mr. Gosling's to get some hog-wash when the prisoner came to our stable—when I came back, I saw him come out of the back-yard—there was nobody with him—there were more people in doors—I do not know Richard Staines—I know Richard, who looks after the van horses—(Richard Staines was called in)—that is the man—I knew his Christian name, but not his surname—he was at my master's that day—I saw him just after I turned from getting the hog-wash—he sometimes assists in taking care of the horses when I am out—I should think the prisoner and the horse said about half-an-hour after I returned—Mr. Vickery, my master, had "opportunity of seeing the man—he was at the police-office, and was asked to identify the prisoner—he was brought there on the part of the prosecution—my master saw the man who came with the horse to our house—was at home all the time the man was there—I believe he is not here to-day.

MR. CLARKSON.
Q. Have you any doubt whatever that the prisoner is to man? A. Not any—Mr. Cordy told me at the police-office to look round the room, and see if I could see" the man, the prisoner.

COURT. Q. Did he say what man? A. No—he asked me if that was the man sitting behind—he was sitting behind some people, so that I could

not see him—I told him it was the man—he pointed to him—he did not point with his finger.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. What was the first thing he said? A. When we went in Mr. Cordy said, "Look round this room, and see if you can see the man"—I did so, and saw the man—I had not seen him before Mr. Cordy asked if that was the man sitting round there behind I said it was—the prisoner is a very tall man, about five feet five—I have not the least doubt he is the man.

COURT. Q. What day was it you saw the prisoner at Union-hall? A. About three weeks ago, I think—it was before I signed my deposition—I went there twice.





GEORGE PETERS
. I am groom to Mr. Goddard, of Portslay. About eleven o'clock, on the morning of the 11th of July, I was going on my master's business to Copperas Gap, which is about half a mile from Mr. Cordy's premises, and saw the prisoner, about one hundred yards from Mr. Cordy's house, going towards it—I am certain of him—there was another man with him, shorter than the prisoner—I think I should know that man again if I saw him—it was not young Manning—I had never seen 1/4 the prisoner before to my knowledge—I did not see him again till he was at Union-hall—I knew him there directly he came up.

Cross-examined. Q. How long was that after you saw him at Copperas Gap? A. About eight weeks, as near as I can tell—I did not hear the Magistrate, when he heard it was a question of identity, order all the wit-nesses out of the office—I was sitting alongside Mr. Cordy's servant, Hards—directly he came up, I said to Mr. Cordy's servant, That is the man I saw at Portslay, don't you know him?"—the servant said, "I don't know, I believe that is him"—Mr. Cordy's servant was not with me Copperas Gap—I said to him," That is the man I saw at Portslay; is it do you know?"—I did not know whether he had seen him since he was in custody—I asked him if that was Chapman—I said, "That is the man I saw at Portslay," and said, "Is that Chapman?"—he said, "I think it is"—I said, "Js that the man," but I meant was that Chapman.

Q. Before you were sworn at Union-hall, did not two persons point out Chapman in the dock as being the man? A. No—as he came up I said I knew him—nobody pointed him out as being the man before I was sworn—. that I swear positively—I was there when Chapman was brought up—I did not hear the Magistrate order the witnesses out—I did not see the witnesses go out—I saw the woman go out—I do not know who ordered her out—she gave evidence—I never said to that gentleman (Mr. Woolf) that I had heard two persons behind me say that Chapman was the man—I think that gentleman asked me some question on the part of the prisoner, but I did not say so in answer to his questions—the prisoner did not speak to me when I saw him at Portslay, but the man who was with him stopped and spoke to me, for about a minute, I suppose.





CATHERINE HENTLEY
. I keep French's Gate, at Red Hill, in the direct road between London and Brighton, and about ten miles from Croydon. I heard of the loss of Mr. Cordy's horse—before that, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, (I think)a person came through the gate with a horse—he was coming up gently, walking, and the horse appeared in a terrible distressed state, and much fatigued, but seemed to have got cooler—when he got to the gate, it appeared to have been ridden hard—I think it was about seven o'clock—I cannot recollect what morning it was—my

nephew let the horse through the gate—I did not look at the man so much at the horse—I cannot say the prisoner is the man, for I stood in a doorway md the porch is low—I did not see him much, as he sat on the horse—I think he was a tall man, and he had a Mackintosh on, like the one produced—I thought it was an old Mackintosh.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you taken to Union-hall to be examined? A. Yes—I saw all the other witnesses there—I do not remember being lent out of Court.





JOSEPH JOHNSON
. I am carman to Mr. Batty, a market-gardener, in Blue Anchor-road, Bermondsey. On Saturday, the 10th of August, five weeks ago last Saturday, Joseph Manning brought a dark bay gelding to my master's, and asked leave to put it up there, which was given—the gelding was left at my master's stable seven days under my care—I was not there then it was fetched away—I groomed it while it was there—I afterwards saw the same horse in Mr. Cordy's possession.





JOSEPH MANNING
. I am the son of Joseph Manning, who lives at No. 9, Spa-road, Bermondsey. I was taken into custody on this charge, and have been admitted to bail—I was afterwards examined before the Grand Jury—I have known the prisoner two or three years—he keeps a beer-shop in Page's Wharf, Bermondsey—on Saturday, the 10th of August, a man tuned Smith and the prisoner brought a gelding to my father's door—the prisoner said nothing to me, or in my hearing, when he brought it—Smith took it out of the cart which they brought him in, and put it into my father's cart—Smith is shorter than the prisoner—I do not know where he is—I bad seen him two or three times before, in company with my father and the prisoner—he is not at all like the prisoner—after Smith put the bone into my father's cart, my father and the prisoner went away together with the horse and cart—I cannot say how long they staid away, for I was Dot at home when they returned—I came home about five o'clock that evening, and found the horse there—the prisoner was not there—my father gave me some directions, in consequence of which I took the horse to Mr. Batty's I fetched it away again just eight days after, and took it, by my father's directions, over the water to him—that was the last I saw of the horse—what became of it, or my father, afterwards, I do not know—my father is now in prison in Suffolk on this charge—on the Tuesday after I bought the horse from Mr. Batty's, I drank with the prisoner at a public-house near the Court of Requests, and he said the horse that my father had gone into the country with belonged to him—on the day the prisoner and Smith brought the horse, my father was outside the door, about half-as-honor before they came, walking backwards and forwards, feeding his own horse.

Cross-examined. Q. What were you charged with? A. I do not now—I never asked what I was sent to gaol for—Mr. Cordy said he must take me into custody—I did not ask him what for—he said to had got evidence enough, as he thought, to take me into custody—I thought it was taking a great liberty with me, and did not much like it—I had never been taken up before—I was ill at the time, and was very much hurt about it—I did not ask whether it was for highway robbery, horse-stealing, or house-breaking—I had heard that my father was taken into custody at Bury, for having a horse in his possession, knowing it to be stolen, and I thought I was taken up on the same case—I had not the horse in my possession—I might have known Smith about

six weeks—he is shorter and stouter than the prisoner—I did not notice his whiskers—they may be largish whiskers—the prisoner does not look the same as I have always seen him—he is altered in his face—he looks much thinner, and his whiskers may not be so bushy as they were—I can not say that I see any other difference—I cannot tell what kind of whiskers Smith has—I was never in his company more than an hour at a time and I never took notice of his whiskers—I cannot tell how many times have been in his company—I cannot form any recollection—I might have seen him half a dozen times, or more—I cannot positively say—I will swear I have not seen him twenty times—I drank with him twice, that is all—one time I was an hour in his company, and the other time about quarter of an hour, but I cannot tell whether he has large whiskers or not—I was examined at Union-hall—I was not sworn, as I was not examined as a witness against the prisoner—I was examined—I am sure I was not sworn—I think what I said was taken down by the clerk—it was read over to me and the prisoner last Thursday—I signed it no the Friday—I was not desired to listen to it—I was there as a prisoner—my father is a short, stout, elderly man—his whiskers are turning grey—they are not large—the last time I saw Smith was on the Saturday before I was taken—I cannot say how long my father and Smith have been acquainted—I have seen them together for a month or six weeks—my father been acquainted with Chapman three or four years—I have been acquainted with him about three years.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. When did you last see Smith with the prisoner? A. On the Sunday my father went away, at Chapman's house.

MR. CORDY. re-examined. The prisoner's whiskers are not now in the same state as they were when he was taken into custody—they were then much fuller, as they had been previously described to me by the ostler it the beer-shop, and by that I advertised him.

Cross-examined. Q. Has the prisoner grown shorter or stouter since he was taken up? A. I see no difference in that.





CHARLES COUSINS
. re-examined. I gave Mr. Cordy a description of the prisoner before he was taken into custody—his whiskers now are not so long as they were when he came to Purley Green, and they do not come down so far.





WILLIAM LEVERICK
. (police-constable R 57.) On Thursday morning, the 29th of August, I saw the witness Manning at the station-house—he gave me information—I have not heard him examined to-day—I had apprehended the prisoner on the 28th, at his own house, which is a beer-shop in Page's-walk—I asked him if he knew old Manning, of the Spa-road—he said he did—I asked him if he had ever lent him a horse and cart at any time to go into the country with—he said he had not—I then said young Manning had told Mr. Cordy, in my presence, that the horse his father had gone into the country with was his (Chapman's) horse—be said he could not have said so, for he never had a horse, nor any thing to do with one—young Manning was taken about half-an-hour before Chapman and he gave me some information about the horse.,

Cross-examined. Q. Were you present when young Manning was taken up? A. Yes—Mr. Cordy told him he was sorry to say he was compelled to give him into custody on account of the horse being traced to his possession.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are the prisoner's whiskers in the same state as

when you took him? A. No, they came pointed down to his chin nearly, and were darker rather—they are not as full now as they were then.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. They look as if there had been some dye to change the colour? A. They are rather lighter than they were—I have known him a long time—I am certain Mr. Cordy told young Manning he gate him into custody for the horse having been in his possession—I was at Unionhall—I remember the question being raised as to the identity, whether the prisoner was the man, and Mr. Traill publicly ordered those out of Court who bad come there to identify the prisoner—Peters was there to identify the prisoner—I believe he was ordered out among the rest—I cannot say whether he went out, for I did not know he was a witness—Mr. Cordy bad brought him—I believe Mr. Cordy was present when the order was given—Mr. Traill did not rebuke Peters in my presence, for remaining after the order was given—I was not in Court all the time—I was there when Peters was examined—Mr. Traill did not tell him in my presence that be ought to have gone out.





CHARLES PALMER
. I am a police inspector. Manning made a statement as soon as he was brought to the station-house—it was not made to me—It was made in my presence, and in the presence of the prisoner—Manning was brought in, charged with stealing the horse—he told Chapman that he knew the horse was his, and that be (Chapman) had told him so—when Chapman came in, I told him he was charged with horse-stealing—he said he never had a horse, and never had any thing to do with a horse in his life—Manning said, "You recollect what you told me at the beershop near Horsemonger-lane Gaol," that Chapman had asked him when his father would be back with the horse, and said that the horse was his and be had lent it to his father to go into the country with—Chapman' denied it.

Cross-examined. Q. Then, all through, Chapman denied Manning's Motion? A. He did—I do not know when old Manning was taken up.

MR. CORDY. re-examined. Old Manning was taken up on the Tuesday, and the prisoner about the Wednesday week following.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you seen the prisoner in the interval? A. No.

MR. PHILLIPS. called






RICHARD STAINES
. I am horsekeeper to Mr. Stanbury. My station is at the Windsor Castle public-house, where Cousins is ostler—I remember a man and a horse coming to the Windsor Castle one day while Cousins was gone down to Mr. Gosling's to fetch some hog-wash—the man and horse one about half-an-hour before Cousins returned—it was a bay horse, it seemed to sweat very much—after Cousins came he attended to the tone himself—I attended to it before he came—the man and horse were at the Windsor Castle public-house, it might be an hour and a half—I cannot say exactly—as far as my oath, the prisoner is not the man, for he had larger whiskers and a darker complexion—I do not think he was quite so tall, and rather stouter in proportion—I do not know the prisoner at all—I saw him last Thursday—I have had no acquaintance with him—some Policeman came to the Windsor Castle soon after—Mr. Vickery, the landlord, had an opportunity of seeing the man—I cannot say whether Mr. Cordy took Mr. Vickery to Union-hall—I was there, and saw Mr. Vockery there—I talked to the man, it might be, nearly half-an-hour—he was there nearly an hour and a half.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. You say you do not think the man was quite so tall

as the prisoner? A. No—I will swear he is not so tall as that man, what I can see of him now, but I cannot see the height of him now—I saw the height of him at Union-hall—I am quite positive the man I saw at the stable was not so tall as the prisoner—I am quite positive he is not the man who brought the horse—he is not the complexion of the man—I never told a gentle man I believed he was not, but would not swear it—I do not remember a squabble at the office between two attorneys, who should defend him—I did not hear another gentleman claim him as his client—I was not examined at the office—I was outside, and the policeman had me in, and said I was wanted—I do not know who sent for me—I had an order to come down—(producing it)—I believe I first saw that gentleman (Mr. Woolf) on a Wednesday night, down at the Windsor Castle public-house—I do not know who I got this order from—a man brought it to me—he brought it to me before I saw that gentleman—it was not that gentle man that came down to me—a man came to me—I did not say it was that gentleman—I never saw him at the Windsor Castle public-house—I had the paper before I saw that gentleman—I first saw him in London at a public-house not a great way from the office—I do not know the name of the street—it is about a quarter of a mile from this place—a man took me there, and this gentleman came and met me there—I do not know who the man was—he came down to the Windsor Castle public-house last night, and wanted me to come away last night, but I could not—I did not see this gentleman till this morning—I do not know Mr. Flower the attorney—the gentleman wrote down what I said in the public-house—I saw him write it—I told him I could not swear exactly whether he was the man or not, till I saw him again.

Q. On your oath, did not you say to Leverick, the officer, at Unionhall, that it was the man in the dock who had the horse, and that you could swear to him from a hundred, or words to that effect? A. No, I did not—I swear that—it was not the same gentleman came down to me last night who brought me the summons—I did not see this gentleman at Union-hall on the Thursday, when I attended—I did not hear him cross-examine the witnesses—I did not hear what was said—I could not her very well.





EDWARD PARKER WOOLF
. I am clerk to Mr. Flower, the solicitor, I attended on the prisoner's behalf at Union-hall—an order was given by Mr. Traill, the Magistrate, that all the witnesses who came to swear to the identity of the prisoner, should leave the office—it was given loudly, so that every body could hear it, and some time was allowed for the witnesses to leave—I remember Peters being examined to the identity—Mr. Traill said it was a very strange thing, but it very frequently happened, when witnesses were required to speak to a particular fact, instead of leaving the Court they did not do so—he said it in the presence of every body there, but it seemed be particularly directed to Peters—he said it just previously to Peters examination—Peters said to me in answer to a question, that some person standing behind him, and the prosecutor's servant, had said the Prisoner was the man—that I am positive of—I never saw Staines at the Windsor Castle public-house—I never was there, and never spoke to him till this morning MR. CLARKSON. Q. What was the public-house you saw him in this morning? A. I do not know the sign—it is contiguous to this Court—a person appeared before the Justice representing that he came from an attorney—Mr. Flower had been previously instructed to defend the prisoner

—this person had obtained the prisoner's signature to some papers, and I complained to the Magistrate of his having done so—the prisoner was brought out and asked who he wished to defend him, and he said Mr. Flower—Peters was improperly in the office after the witnesses were all ordered to withdraw—I did not notice him in the office when the Magistrate made the order—he might have been there at that time, but he was certainly in the office shortly afterwards, and he made no answer to Mr. Traill's observation—I do not remember that Mr. Traill addressed him by name at all.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What time did the witness arrive from the country? A. Only this morning, about ten o'clock.

MR. CLARKSON. re-called






WILLIAM LEVERICK
. The witness Staines told me at the Catherine Wheel, in the Borough, that the man who brought the horse was the man that was in the dock, and he could swear to him from & hundred—it was just after we had been to the office and seen the prisoner—it was when the witnesses were ordered out to be examined separately—I asked him to go in and be examined, but he refused—I was sent out by the Magistrate to find him, and found him drunk at a public-house with two others, and he would not come in.
(George Frederick Levick, formerly chief-officer of the Red Rover; Isaac Dodd, egg-merchant; and William Colbert, cordwainer, gave the prisoner a good character,)




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Recorder.

