




1335. 




JOHN MAHONEY
 and 




JAMES DAVIS
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
29th of March, 18lbs. weight of lead, value 3s., the goods of 



John Calvert and others, and fixed to a building, &c.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






RICHARD MESSENGER
. I am a clerk in the house of Vandercomb and Co., attorneys. I live in a house belonging to Messrs. John Calvert and others, in New Gravel-lane, Shadwell—there is an arch-way on which the side of the house abuts, which is called the boarded entry—there is a shop, then a staircase, then a back room, and then a long room covered with tiles, with a sky-light, which is covered at top and bottom with lead.





WILLIAM PARAMORE
 (police-constable K 51.) I was on duty in New Gravel-lane on the night of the 29tb of March—I know these premises, and the archway or passage—as I was going along near the boarded entry I heard a bit of a scuffle—I heard a conversation between two persons—I heard some one say, "Go it, Joey" three times, and at the bottom of the boarded entry I saw the prisoner Davis standing with his back against the wall, on the other side of the boarded entry to where the long room is—I knew Davis well—I went down the entry—Davis did not say any thing, but hemmed twice, and then walked away—I permitted him to go up the entry, which would lead him to New Gravel-lane—I then walked up the entry and saw a piece of lead lying flat against the wall where Davis had been standing—I put my foot on it—I then looked up at a shoot which comes down between the roofs of the two houses—I saw it was bent, and saw the prisoner Mahoney on the top of the building, as if he were about to jump down, but he saw me, turned round and made his escape on the other side, over the roofs of the houses into the other court

—I sprung my rattle, and ran out of the entry towards New Gravel-lane expecting to see my brother officer—I then thought Mahoney would return, and went up the entry again, but he was not there—both the prisoners escaped—I went on the Wednesday following with Pavit to the premises with the lead—I found some lead had been taken from the bottom of the sky-light on the roof of the long room—I applied the lead which I had picked up in the entry to the place, and it fitted exactly—there were fifteen nail-holes on the lead I picked up—I found some nails in the sky-light, with which the holes in the lead exactly corresponded.

COURT. Q. How far from the long-room was Davis when he had his back against the wall? A. About two yards—there was no person but Mahoney to whom he could have addressed the words "Go it, Joey"—it was a very clear night—the lead was just round the corner, about two yards from where Davis stood, just behind him.





GEORGE PAVIT
. I took Mahoney, on the 1st of April, at the corner of Edward-stairs, Wapping—I took him to the station-house, and the policeman said, "He is the one who was on the top of the house"—I asked Mahoney if he knew where Davis was—he told me where to find him—I went and found him in bed about half-past seven o'clock in the morning—I said, "Come, get up, I want you"—he said, "What for?"—I said, "For taking some lead from New Gravel-lane"—he said, "I know nothing about it"—I said, "Where did you come from, on the 30th of March, when I saw you at half-past seven o'clock—(I had seen him that morning in King-street, close by the place where the lead was taken from)—he said "I had just come from my lodging—I said, "What time did you go to bed?"—he said, at nine o'clock, at his lodgings, No. 6, Blue-gate-fields.





WILLIAM WOOD
 (police-constable K 65.) I was on duty in New Gravel-lane, on the 30th of March—I saw Davis go on the edge of the Wapping-wall about two o'clock in the morning—that is about two hundred yards from the boarded entry—I saw Paramore soon after, and told him I had seen Davis.

Davis's Defence. I knew nothing of the robbery till the Monday morning when the officer took me out of bed—I told him I knew nothing about it.

Mahoney's Defence. On the day of the robbery I did not get up till seven o'clock—I went to work—I knew nothing of it till the Monday when the policeman took me to Paramore, and before he got the door open, or got the sleep out of his eyes, he said, "That is one."





ELIZABETH MAHONEY
. I am the mother of the prisoner. I live at No. 10, King-street, Old Gravel-lane—I have only one room on the first floor—I had the same room then—my son was in bed and asleep at a quarter before nine o'clock on the 29th of March—he got up the next morning at half-past seven o'clock, and went to work at a quarter before eight o'clock—he came in at half-past five o'clock the night before, and never went out till he went to bed—he sat reading a prayer-book till seven o'clock; he then sat half an hour eating his supper; he then took the same book till he went to bed about a quarter before nine o'clock—he slept till I called him to get up in the morning—he slept in the same room with me—there were six children and my husband in the room—my husband is not here—he is rather light-headed—my children are too young to come—the eldest is nine years of age—I do not sleep very soundly—I went to bed at half-past nine o'clock, and did not get up till half-past six

o'clock—I was in bed all night—most likely I slept four or five hours—I am a very poor sleeper—my son did not get up in the night and go on the roof—he is innocent.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was the door fastened? A. It was bolted top and bottom—no one could get in from without, and no one could go out from within, unless they unbolted the door, to go out to work—my husband is a coal-whipper—he was at home—he is deranged—he had not been out coal-whipping for three months, and the prisoner had his place and his number—he was going on board on this day fortnight, when he was taken—he has not been acquainted with Davis within these six or eight months—Davis was never in my house.





WILLIAM PARAMORE

re-examined. I have known Mahoney about nice months—I could not be mistaken in the person I saw.

MAHONEY—


GUILTY
. *—Aged 20.

DAVIS—


GUILTY
. *—Aged 21.




Transported for Seven Years.
