






1830. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BURN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the money of 
                     
                        James 
                        Michie
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PENNY
               



            . On a Saturday evening, (I think the 16th of July,) I saw the prisoners together by the Duke of Devonshire's, in Piccadilly; they followed the prosecutor - I saw Brown put his right hand into the prosecutor's lefthand pocket, and take out a silk handkerchief, which he gave to Burn, who put it into his pocket; they went different ways - Boothman took this handkerchief from Burn.


                  JAMES 
                  MICHIE
               



            . I was in Piccadilly


 on Saturday, I think the 16th of July, between nine and ten o'clock in the evening, with my sister; I felt my pocket, and missed my handkerchief; I saw Burn brought across the road, and my handkerchief was produced to me - I did not see 
               Brown
             that night; this is my handkerchief.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOOTHMAN
               



            . I took Burn, and got this handkerchief from his pocket; I had seen the prisoners following the prosecutor up Piccadilly - I did not see the handkerchief pass, but I saw Burn put it into his pocket - on the following Monday I took Burn to the Police-office - Brown followed, and I took him.
Brown's Defence. I was in Silver-street; the officer came and asked what I had done with my green coat; I said I had not one.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BOOTHMAN
               



            . He had a green coat on when it was taken.
Burn's Defence. I am a carpenter; I picked up the handkerchief in a crowd.
BROWN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
BURN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Life
            .
