





917. 
               
                  TIMOTHY 
                  MORAN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of June
, 1 clock, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        Frederick Thomas 
                        Hallam
                     



                  , and 1 set of fire-irons, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  James
               



            .
FREDERICK THOMAS HALLAM. I live in Brown-street, Drury-lane


: I am a surgical-instrument maker
. I had a clock hanging in my work-shop, on the 9th of June - I saw my clock the next day, at English's - this is it - my window, which looked out on the leads, had been broken open, and the work-shop entered.


                  MATILDA 
                  INGLISH
               



            . I live at No. 23, Great Earl-street; my husband is a broker - on the morning after the robbery, I went through my shop to empty my tea-pot - the prisoner came to sell this clock - I did not speak to him - I never saw him before - I saw him sell it for half-a-crown - there were two more persons outside the door, but I did not notice them at all - there were no weights to the clock - the prisoner said he would bring them in the course of an hour - he sold these fire-irons with the clock - we put the irons into the old iron.
Prisoner. You say I am the man - I only passed you in the shop. Witness. I am sure you are the man, you had a short coat on.


                  JOHN 
                  INGLISH
               



            . This clock was brought to my shop, and these irons, by the prisoner, to the best of my belief - I never saw him before - he certainly resembles the man very much - he is the man to the best of my belief.
Prisoner. You stated at the office you did not know me.
Witness. I said to the best of my knowledge you were the person who came to my shop - you asked me if I would buy a clock and set of fire-irons - I said, "Where are the weights and the pendulum?" you said you were moving, and should find them presently - you asked 3s. 6d. for them - I offered you half-a-crown - you went out, came back, and said you would take it - you are the person to the best of my belief.


                  HENRY 
                  KNOWLDEN
               



            . I am in the service of Mrs. Elizabeth Jones - these tongs and fire-irons are hers - I had them to clean some months ago - I began to clean them - they were then put away, and the servant oiled them - I missed them about twelve o'clock on the day they were found at the broker's - I had seen them about a month before they were lost - on the Saturday before I had seen the prisoner on the leads, while I was at work in our shop - he looked into our shop, and then into Mr. Hallam's.
Prisoner. The place he speaks of is at the back of the house I live in, at Short's Gardens - I was coming from the water-closet, and there is an old lumber room which they are making into a dwelling-room - I went on the leads, and their window comes out on the leads - I could not avoid seeing them, nor they seeing me - I was taken from my bed at nine o'clock in the evening - there were three other young men taken; one of them had vitriol all over his trowsers, and the master said the bench had been overturned, and the vitriol spilled; but that young man was discharged.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
