





763. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     RITCHIE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, 11 drinking-glasses, value 15s., the goods of the 
                     
                        
Earl
 of Aberdeen
                        



                     
                  , and others, his masters
            .
ROBERT WILSON. I am steward of the Travellers' club-house, 49, Pall-Mall


 - I am answerable for the plate and property there; the Earl of Aberdeen is one of the trustee
s, and there are five others - the prisoner was waiter
 there for twelve months; I had frequently missed glasses. On the 17th of March I called in an officer, and asked the prisoner to let the officer search his house, in Stafford-place, Pimlico; I went with them, and found these glasses there.


                  THOMAS 
                  PROSSER
               



            . I am inspector of the Police I went with the prisoner and witness, and found there two glasses, in a cupboard on the left-hand side - I insisted on searching the bed, and found nine more glasses between the sacking and the bed.


                  ROBERT 
                  WILSON
               



            . I had missed glasses of this description, and believe these to belong to the club.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Are you steward? A. Yes; it is my duty to employ servants, but I was not steward when the prisoner was engaged - he has a wife and two children; here is 
               T. C. 
            marked on these two glasses, and they are all the make of the club - there is a housekeeper, but it is my duty to take care of the glass; I have acted as steward for six months - they might have been taken twelve months ago, but I have lost such since I have been steward.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
