





761. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     CORNELIUS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, 1 trunk, value 2s.; 5 sheets, value 8s.; 6 pillow-cases, value 4s.; 4 shirts, value 8s.; 3 collars, value 1s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 1s.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 1 night-gown, value 1s.; 1 night-cap, value 3d.; 1 gown-body, value 6d.; 1 cravat, value 2s., and 1 handkerchief, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am servant at the Saracen's Head, Friday-street


. On the 28th of February, about a quarter to nine o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner come from the tap-door into the yard - my master's chaise was opposite the tap-door; the prisoner got under the horse's head, went on the other side of the chaise, and took this box out of the chaise, in which it laid, with a cord round it; he went away with it on his shoulder, as quick as possible - I went after him: he turned down Friday-street -I did not lose sight of him; I overtook him in the arms of the constable, who stopped him as he turned the corner, as I was following him, calling Stop thief! I saw him throw the box down in Friday-street - I afterwards saw it opened- it contained the articles stated in the indictment; they belong to Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Smith
               



             and his family.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Has your master any other Christian name? A. No - he is a builder
; the prisoner turned a corner, but I was as quick round as him, and did not lose sight of him - he was not more than a yard from me; I was about two yards from him when he took the box - he threw it down about a hundred yards from the chaise; I could not seize him the moment he took it - he was on the opposite side of the chaise, and I had slippers on.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  WILKINSON
               



            . I am a porter, and live in Great Trinity-lane. About ten minutes to nine o'clock I was under the gateway of the Saracen's Head, and saw the prisoner walk past me very quick, with a box on his left shoulder - I heard a person call Stop thief! turned round, looked towards where he was running, and saw him fling the box off his shoulder; I took it up, took it to the yard, and afterwards to the watch-house, where I saw the prisoner, and was quite sure he was the man who threw it down.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen him before? A. No; he went rather fast - I could see his face; he had a coloured neckcloth, and oval gilt buttons on his coat - I am quite sure of that; I cannot say the colour of his coat; it was similar to the one he has on, I am certain - he might be a minute under my observation; there was a gas-light in the yard, about twenty yards from where he passed me- I will swear to the colour of his coat; there was also a lamp in the street.


                  SAMUEL 
                  ALBURY
               



            . I am a constable. I was in Watling-street, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I stood there for a moment, and the prisoner came running round the corner - nobody was running before him; the patrol were pursuing him - several persons stopped him, and took him to the watch-house; Price gave charge of him for taking the trunk out of Smith's chaise - it was brought to the watch-house by Wilkinson.
Cross-examined. Q. Was not the prisoner turning round, as if to go to the persons who were crying Stop thief? A. No - he had a dark handkerchief on, a green one, not black, and he had a green coat.


                  JAMES 
                  PRICE
               



            . This is my master's box, and his initials are on all the things - they are marked C. H. S.; I believe his wife's name is Hannah - I cannot swear that.
Cross-examined. Q. Will you swear his name is not 
               
                  Charles 
                  Henry
               



            ? A. I will - the H. is for his wife's Christian name; I will swear her name is Hannah - I recollect I have seen her sign her name Hannah within these twelve months.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that as he passed a waggon in Friday-street, he heard something fall on the other side of the way: he heard a cry of Stop thief! and saw a man running, whom he followed, and was taken when he turned the corner.
MR. PHILLIPS to 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  ALBURY
               



            . Q. How far was he from the corner when you took him? A. He might be twenty yards - I did not see Price at that time; the patrol came up first, and said, "That is the man;" I took him to the watch-house - Price came there, and gave him in charge; I understand that as soon as he saw him in my arms, he turned round to look for the box.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
