







Before Mr. Justice Alderson.
1776. 
               
                  RICHARD 
                  ROPER
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  ATKINS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of July

, various articles, consisting of soap, pearl-ash, pickles, dyes, &c. &c., value 12l. 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Marchant
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  FRANCIS 
                  ROPER
               



             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving several of the said articles, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.
GEORGE MARCHANT. I am an oil and colourman
, and live in Shoreditch. The prisoners, Richard Roper and Atkins, were in my employ in July last, and had been so between two and three months; I missed property which they had access to - Robertson, the Policeman, has produced a great deal of it to me since.
Cross-examined by MR. CRESWELL. Q.Had Alkins lived in your employ before that time? A. No - the business became mine on the 14th of February; I engaged Atkins on the 9th of May - I knew that he bore a good character.
JOHN ROBERTSON. I am a constable, and live in Shoreditch. The prisoner in July last lived at No. 45, in the Curtain-road - I apprehended him, and he took me to his lodging himself; I found a key on him - there was a box under the bed in the room he took me to; I unlocked it with the key - I had asked him previously what was in it; he told me to open it, and I should see - I did so, and found a quantity of pickles, blacking, and a variety of articles; Mr. Marchant, who was with me, identified part of the property, which was in two boxes - before that the prisoner said he had bought it out of his wages on Saturday nights, but when it was identified he said whatever he had to say he should say at a future place; here are two boxes of property, which I brought from there - I said to Richard Roper, "I believe you are going into business with Atkins, at Chelsea:" he said, "I don't know about Chelsea, but we had an intention of going into business;" I afterwards mentioned it to Atkins, and he said they had an idea of going into business.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  BUTLER
               



            . My husband is a boot-maker. About May last a boy brought a box to my house; Atkins came in about half an hour, and asked if a boy had brought a box there for him - I said Yes - I showed it to him; he said it was his - I should know it again by two marks of ink on it - I saw it afterwards at Worship-street; Richard Roper has brought things to my house, which he said were sent by Atkins - he left some oil cans, and afterwards fetched them away - he came and asked for two oil cans of Mr. Atkins'.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you known Atkins? A.Since Christmas, by seeing him at the prosecutor's shop; my husband worked for Atkins - he did not send any box to my house since Mr. Marchant has had the concern: he sent a large one there before he went into the country - he asked my husband to let him leave something; he said he was going into business forhimself, and had no place to put them in - he said they were his own; the box was in my possession two or three days - it is here; I have not a doubt about its being the same.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBERTSON
               



            . I found that box in Cross-street, Islington, at Atkins' brother's, which is an oil-shop; Mr. Marchant saw the contents, and identified part of them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COX
               



            . I am an officer. I went to Mr. Marchant's house on the 12th of July, and saw Atkins; I assisted Robertson in apprehending the prisoner - I went up to a room in Marchant's house with Atkins; he pointed out a box as his own - paper and starch was found in it, which Mr. Marchant claimed; Alkins said it was his own, and Marchant spoke to a mark on the paper.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BUTLER
               



            . I am the husband of Charlotte Butler. About the 24th of June I took a pair of boots home to Atkins at Mr. Marchant's; he asked me if I would take a jar home to my house - I did so, and have a sample of the contents; he afterwards called at my house with an oil can and a painted ornament - he told me to give it to a person who would call for it; that he was a man with big whiskers - 
               
                  Richard 
                  Roper
               



            , who answered that description, called for it; Atkins afterwards told me that man was going into partnership with him -I saw my wife give 
               
                  Richard 
                  Roper
               



             the oil can and the ornament; both are here now.
The prosecutor here examined several of the articles produced, and identified most of them by marks on the papers, and labels upon several jars of pickles contained in the box.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ATKINS
               



            . The prisoner Atkins is my brother; the two boxes were left at my house - he afterwards saw them and opened them; I saw a bottle in one of them - the Policeman took them away in the same state as they came.
Cross-examined. Q.Should you know any of the boxes again? A. Yes; they came to my house between January and February - here is one of the boxes; I know it, because I am a painter and glazier, and I have mixed putty upon it.
Richard Roper's Defence. Part of the things I confess to; but the rest. I solemnly declare, I bought out of my weekly earnings - the things found at my brother's I engaged him to carry to my father's house, he being a porter; as respects the other things I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.
Atkins' Defence. I throw myself on the mercy of the Court.
WILLIAM HOPKINS. I keep a public-house at Wimbledon. Atkins was apprentice to me for three years - but I was unfortunate.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q.Was he not in the habit of coming to you while in the prosecutor's employ? A. He was; we bought some candles of him, also starch, mustard, blacklead, and salt - we asked him to buy them, thinking he could get them cheaper in town; I knew he was living with Mr. Marchant.
COURT. Q. Did you never swear that you supposed he was selling them on his master's account? A. I do not think I did; (looking at his deposition) I very possibly might say so. R. ROPER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
ATKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
F. ROPER - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
