





Before Mr. Recorder.
1201. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MUIR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of May
, 16 pairs of boots, value 14l., and 2 coats, value 6l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Pearce
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house, and that he had been before convicted of felony
            . (See Sixth Sess. p. 568.)
JOSEPH PEARCE. I am a boot and shoe maker
, and live in New-street, St. Martin's-lane, in the parish of St. Martins-in-the-field


; it is my dwelling-house, I occupy the whole of it - I had the prisoner with me about three weeks, before the 28th of May; he was on trial to bearticled to me
, and appeared a respectable person - at an early hour on the morning of the 28th of May, the policeman came to my bed-room door, and gave me some information; I think it was about half-past three o'clock - I got up and went down, and found my street-door was open - I did not miss anything at that time - the prisoner had lodged in my house - I went up to his room, his bed was empty, and he was gone - I then missed fourteen pairs of boots, two coats, and some money; I should think the value of the whole was 14l. or 15l.
Q. Have you any doubt that it exceeded 10l.? A. I should not like to swear it; I think the boots cost me about 8l. out of my own pocket; I can swear they cost me 7l. - the coats were worth 2l. or 3l., I am sure they are worth 2l. - I lost 1l. 10s. in money - I have since seen the boots, and know them to be mine.
Q. Did you state on a former occasion that you thought the prisoner wrong in his head? A. Yes, he appeared as if tipsy, he really was not right, he did things so contrary to what he was told; if he was told to clean a boot, he would put a right boot on a left tree - he had occasionally to clean my horse, and if I told him to clean his feet, or to rub him down, he did not know what to do, he was so stupid - I could not have kept him.


                  JOHN 
                  PUGH
               



             (police-constable P 90). On Tuesday, the 28th of May, I was on duty in Hampton-street, Walworth-road, about three miles from the prosecutor's - I saw the prisoner get out of a cab, with a large bundle - I watched him, he went down Church-passage; I went round the Walworth-road, and met him opposite the church; I asked what he had got, he said a sample of boots which he had brought from the country, and he had come from North-street, Bayswater; I said I would take him to the station-house - he then said he was going to take them to No. 122, Holborn - I examined the boots, and found the name of Pearce on them - it was then twenty minutes after three o'clock - I saw nothing to make me think he was wrong in his head - the bundle contained sixteen pairs of mens' boots, and one coat, and the other coat he had on his back - I delivered them to the prosecutor.
MR. PEARCE. I received the articles, they were my property, and had been safe in my dwelling-house the night before.


                  JAMES 
                  MILLER
               



            . I am an inspector of police. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office; I was at his trial, and know he is the man. (Read.)
GUILTY. Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .




               Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor
            .
