





474. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WALTERS
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, 1 pelisse, value 10s.; 2 gowns, value 12s., and 2 caps, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Launchbury
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 watch, value 10s.; 1 coat, value 7s.; 1 pair of breeches, value 8s.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s., and 1 apron, value 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Wigmore
               



            .
ELIZA LAUNCHBURY. I lost my property from where I lodge, in Green-street


, on the 11th of January, about five o'clock in the evening; I saw the prisoner in the room - she was a stranger; the things were packed up in two separate bundles - I had the prisoner taken.


                  JOHN 
                  WIGMORE
               



            . I lodge on the second-floor back room. This watch, coat, breeches, shirt, handkerchief, and apron, are mine, and were in my room; I had left the key in the door for the young man who lodges with me.


                  JAMES 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I took this watch from the prisoner, and went to her lodgings - of all the distress I ever saw I think that was the greatest; the children had not a bit of food or fire.
Prisoner's Defence, written. I was unfortunately led away by a person, named Eliza Case, who informed me she was proprietor of the said property, and told me where the key of the room was deposited, and gave me every information where the property now produced was to be found. which I found as the said 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Case
               



             told me; when I entered the room I found the articles as she stated to me - before I left the room the real proprietor of the lodgings came into the room, charge was given of me, and I was taken to Hatton Garden Office, and remanded for a second examination, but not finding Case I was committed.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
