





789. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WILKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of April
, 1 sovereign, 1 half-crown, 3 shillings, and 3 sixpences, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Woolley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
CHARLES WOOLLEY. I live at the Bull Inn, Aldgate. On the 24th of April I met the prisoner in the Minories


 - she spoke to me - I found her hand in my pocket - I caught hold of it in my pocket - she drew it out with the money in her hand - I said, "What do you do with my money? that is my money in your hand" - she turned it over into her other hand, and dropped it into her own pocket - she would not let go of it - I heard it fall in her pocket - I gave her in charge - I had one sovereign and some silver; how much I could not say; but there was a battered sixpence which I had for months in my pocket, and which I know - it was afterwards produced by the officer - I had one sixpence with it, which I produce.
Prisoner. He was in liquor - the woman who was with him, and was acquitted, put her hand into his pocket - a man who was with him gave the money into my hand - I was in liquor, and so was he. Witness. There was no man with me - I was not in liquor, nor was she.


                  JOHN 
                  FORESTER
               



            . I am an officer. The prisoner was given into my charge between two and three o'clock in the morning, by the prosecutor - she was brought to the watch-house by the patrol and searched - but before that I asked the prosecutor what he had lost - he said, a sovereign and some silver; and there was a particular sixpence that he could swear to - I said to her, "Now I am going to search you, if a sovereign is found on you, does it belong to you?"- she said, "No, all the money I claim is eighteen pence"- I searched her, and found a sovereign, a battered sixpence, and seven shillings besides - and he produced another sixpence like it, a twin - here is half-a-crown, four sixpences, a shilling, and a sovereign.


                  CHARLES 
                  WOOLLEY
               



            . I know this sixpence - I can swear to it, the one I produce is the fellow to it - I have had them both for twelve months.
JOHN FORESTER. The prisoner was not what I call totally drunk, what I call spun - she had been drinking, and the prosecutor was fresh - the prisoner said some man had given her the money.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
