





151. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of November
, 300 wax impressions, value 1l.; 7 fancy stoves, value 40s.; 1 seal, value 10s.; 1 silver box lid, value 10s.; 1 book, value 3s.; 2 gold ferules, value 20s.; 1 silver table-fork, value 20s., and 1 eye-glass, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Halfhide
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.
GEORGE HALFHIDE. I am an engraver
, and live in Coventry-street


 - the prisoner was a stone-seal engraver
, in my employ; he had formerly lodged in my house, but did not at this time - he was paid by the piece for what he did, and might always earn five guineas a week.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What is the name of your firm? A. Halfhide and Co., but I have no partner - my son manages the business, but has no share in it; I never allowed him to pawn any goods, but I have pardoned him for it, upon a promise that he would not do it again; I said before Mr. Metcalf that I was aware a fork had been pawned by the prisoner - he never left my employ; I took him from the board; I have heard that he has worked for Mr. Metcalf - I gave a seal to Mr. Metcalf to do, and he gave it to my own man to do it; I will not swear that Mr. Metcalf, Jun. did not tell me the prisoner worked for his father as well as for me, but I have no knowledge that he did - I do not know whether Mr. Metcalf is in business for himself or not - they are in opposition to Mr. Strongitharm, in Pall-mall; my house is at the other end of the street; I did not know the prisoner was working for Mr. Metcalf - he was to work for me only; I only knew it by seeing his book when he was taken up -I have no recollection of knowing it from Mr. Metcalf: the prisoner had lived with me about thirteen years - he was a good workman, and would have been of value to any one who employed him - the prisoner's uncle has been employed in my house for fifty years - I have given him seals to engrave, partly for amusement; he was principally supported by me - I was brought up with him, and had it not been so, I should not have taken the prisoner.
Re-examined. Q. Did you ever commission him to pawn any thing? A. No; I had no communication with Mr. Metcalf till I found something out - I had no knowledge of his going into Mr. Metcalf's employ.


                  JOHN 
                  D. METCALF
               



            . I have known the prisoner as long as I can remember; he came to me some time ago, making a communication about some fancy stones - I think it was some time in October; he said he had a few fancies to sell - I said if they were worth any thing, I would buy them of him; he wanted 1l. or a guinea for them - I said I had no objection to give him that; he then brought six fancies - I just looked at them, but I can scarcely swear whether they had impressions with them or no - they were common place sort of things, but I bought them; I mentioned to him, that a year or two since, I was over at his house, and bought a book-case, and in the drawer were a number of what we call working impressions - I said, "They are of no use to you, will you let me have them;" he said"There is one I should not like to part with, the others you may have if you like," and I had them; there were three or four dozen of them - the stones I bought of the prisoner went out of my hands into the hand of Mr. Jones, Mr. Halfhide's jeweller; I have seen six stones, which I believe were the same I gave to be set; I gave them to the officer - to the best of my knowledge, they were the same I gave to be set; I gave an indefinite order to mount them in good mountings - they were of ideal value.
Cross-examined. Q. But you would not take upon yourself to swear to them, I should think? A. No; I should think no one could without a private mark - the prisoner has occasionally worked for me and my father; I never mentioned it, but either the prosecutor or his son, said, "I suppose it will be Brown from Halfhide's, and Metcalf from Strongitharm's" - the prosecutor and the officer were present at the time; my father and I are in opposition to Mr. Strongitharm - I remember the prosecutor speaking in reference to some spoons off which the crest had been removed; he said he had no objection to his pawning, so long as he brought things back - the prisoner has worked for my father for a number of years, to my knowledge; he has occasionally given him work to do - he has borne an honest character.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Was this declaration respecting pawning, after the prisoner was in custody on this very charge? A. Yes, he was alluding to a spoon, and when he saw the crest was filed off, he said he could have no intention of returning that - and what he said about,"Brown from Halfnide's, and Metcalf from Strongitharm's," was said in my shop - the prisoner was employed at Mr. Halfhide's constantly, but at his leisure hours he might do a job occasionally; he might have done two arms in the course of last year for me - he did more for my father; I do not know how many - I know my father has often said, Brown has got so and so.


                  THOMAS 
                  LINSCOT
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Lawton, a pawnbroker, in Green-street, Leicester-square. I havefour duplicates, I can speak to three of them, as being what the prisoner pawned; here is a silver lid on the 23rd of November, 1829, a seal on the 20th of November, 1829, and a seal ferrule, on the 12th of March, 1830 - the other article is a book of engravings, which was pawned on the 22nd of January, but I did not take it in; they are all pawned in the name of Jones - I lent 4s. on the seal, 10s. on the ferrule, and 5s. on the lid; I did not know him by any other name than Jones.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you known him well? A. Yes, perfectly well.


                  THOMAS 
                  VESPER
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker. I have a silver table-fork, and a seal ferrule, pawned together, on the 4th of August 1829, I cannot swear by whom; they were never renewed, but have remained in our possession - I lent 20s. on them, in the name of John Brown.


                  HENRY 
                  GODDARD
               



            . I am an officer. On the 28th of October, I took the prisoner at the prosecutor's shop; I produced to him this card of impressions, and asked what he had done with the stones which made them; he said he had sold them to Mr. Metcalf a fortnight or three weeks before - I searched him in the shop, and found in his breeches pocket, a cornelian stone, with the figure of Hope on it; I had made him no threat or promise - I took him to the office, and then searched his lodging in Newman-street, in consequence of information I received from Mr. Halfhide - I found a woman who acknowledged herself to be his wife, but I had not seen them together; I found at his lodgings the duplicates of the property which has been produced, and some others.
COURT. Q. Did you find the duplicate of the tablefork? A. Yes, and of the seal-setting on the same duplicate, pawned for 1l. on the 4th of August, 1829; I also found the four duplicates of the articles pawned at Mr. Lawton's -I have the six seals and an eye-glass, which I received from Mr. Metcalf; these seals exactly correspond with these impressions.
Cross-examined. Q. Then the prisoner told you at once he had sold these stones to Mr. Metcalf? A. Yes; I did not know Mr. Metcalf at that time - I never saw the prisoner at his lodgings, nor the woman and him together; I did not ask the prisoner whether he had engraven these things himself.
MR. METCALF re-examined. These six seals are the same as I received from the jeweller to whom I gave the stones to set - and, to the best of my belief, these impressions correspond with these seals; they appear so to do, but I think some have been taken since they were mounted, and some before - these two seem to be taken before they were mounted, they appear to tally; two stones can be engraven so nearly alike, as to give the same impression - the impressions appear like these stones, but I could not say they came from them, unless I were to take an impression and examine them with an eye-glass, and then they might be so imitated that I could not tell - I have no reason to doubt that these are the stones I gave to be mounted, but I could not swear to these; they were away for a week or ten days - here are seven impressions on this card, and six of them correspond with these stones; I have known the prisoner many years - he lived in Castle-street, Leicester-square, and then he said he lived in Newman-street; I understood from himself that he was married; I do not know whether he had any children.
Cross-examined. Q. Is not Newman-street a street in which a great many artists live? A. I do not know - there is nothing to prevent the jeweller who set these stones from being here; there was nothing clandestine in the prisoners dealing with me - I gave them to the same man to set who works for Mr. Halfhide; there are a great many of these impressions in the trade.
MR. HALFHIDE. I sent the officer to his house in Newman-street - it is a house of my own, and he lived there; the woman was his wife - she had been a servant of mine, and married from my house; these are the impressions from the stones which were taken from me, and these are the stones - they are some very fine ones, which I bought a great many years ago; I have no doubt in the world of their being mine, no more than I have of being here - this seal ferrule is mine; I came to town, and charged the prisoner with stealing the stones - he denied it; I did not hold out any promise or threat to him - I told him I knew he had sold these stones, and where he had sold them; he then said he had taken them - this other seal was found in his pocket; this duplicate of the fork was found in an old pocket in the house in Newman-street - this silver lid is mine, and this book; I valued these stones at 6s. 6d. each, which is a low price; I never gave him any power, authority, or commission to pawn or sell any one of these things.
COURT. Q. Is that spoon in the state in which it was? A. No; there was a crest on it and a coronet, but they are filed off - I had applied to a pawnbroker before, and they said they would not take in a spoon with a crest and coronet on it.
Cross-examined. Q. Was any one present when he told you about these stones? A. No, not at first, but he confessed it before the officer; the impressions on these stones are private-marks - they were done by the prisoner's uncle; it is so difficult a thing to do the same work on two stones, that I do not think it quite possible; there may be hundreds of impressions of a leaf similar to this, but not like it - there may be imitations, but not fac similes; I believe no man could imitate one of these, and place them before me, without my being able to see the difference - I differ from Mr. Metcalf in that respect; I do not know that he can see better than I, though he is a young man - his father has been a great many years in business; here is no private-mark on this seal but the work, and here is a bull's head on this one, which cannot be seen with the naked eye - I have no private-mark on any of them.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Can you put a mark on a cornelian stone? A. Yes - there is a particular manner in which artists view seals, so as to know them; it is very difficult to do two things alike - I had a spoon-fork like this, with a crest on it.
Prisoner's Defence The spoon-fork and lid are not Mr. Halfhide's; they were given to me, and he was fully aware of what I had done with them twelve months ago- he said he would not have prosecuted me if he had not had a jealousy that I worked for others; I am indebted to him, and he stated a few weeks ago that he would either arrest or prosecute me - if he arrested me, he said he supposed I should take the benefit of the Act; these impressions have been in my possession for years - someI had from Mr. Aspin's, and a brother of mine, who worked there, collected them; I have done some of them myself - I have done work at my own house, and sat up nights and nights together, and even worked on Sundays, that the prosecutor's work might be finished; I remember eighteen months ago a stone was broken, and I worked on the Sunday to do another, and went with him to take it home - it is through maliciousness that he has got up this prosecution, because I had worked for other people; my uncle worked at the same shop before he went apprentice, and for the last two years my uncle being infirm and hard of hearing, I have done work for him unknown to my employer; Mr. Halfhide has been in the habit of looking out little stones for my uncle to engrave - I have done dozens and dozens, which have gone to India.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
