






1331. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  FILEWOOD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of May

, 46 pairs of boots, value £20; and 150 pairs of shoes, value £30; the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Lloyd
                     



                  , his master
            : and 
               
                  JAMES 
                  FILEWOOD
               




             was indicted for 


               receiving 20 pairs of boots, value £10; and 30 pairs of shoes, value £7; part of the said goods, well knowing them to be stolen
            , against the Statute, &c.
3rd COUNT. For feloniously receiving of an evil-disposed person, the said part of the said goods, knowing the same to have been stolen, against the Statute, &c.
JAMES LLOYD. I am a shoemaker
, and live in Coventry-street



. The prisoner, George Filewood, was my shopman
 about eighteen months - I received information, and have seen a great number of boots and shoes, which I know to be mine; they were found at the pawnbroker's.


                  STEPHEN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am foreman to the prosecutor, and have been so for three years. I had suspected the prisoner - I saw him make two attempts to pocket shoes, on the 27th of June; and on the 28th, I saw a pair in his left hand pocket - I charged him with it - he first denied it, and then said he had a pair of old ones - the shop then began to fill, and he came to me and said he hoped he might rest happy and safe in my not communicating the circumstance to Mr. Lloyd - he then turned out of the shop; and on the Monday I told Mr. Lloyd - these are the shoes I saw in his pocket - I could read the figures on the toes of them as he walked about.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DODD
               



             (police-constable C 179). I received information, and went to Mr. Lloyd's, on the 30th of June. Mr. Lloyd sent for George Filewood, and said to him,"Have I not heard something unpleasant about you?" - he said, not that he knew of - I took him to the station, and he gave me his address in Lambeth-walk - I went there, and found one pair of Blucher boots, one pair of shoes, one spur, and a duplicate of a pair of shoes - I then made search amongst the pawnbrokers, and found above two hundred pairs in all.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Those you found at his house had been worn? A. They appeared tohave been worn once. One pair was in the bureau, and one pair on the floor - I went to the other pawnbrokers, through finding the duplicates at his lodgings.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRYMER PYATT
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker. I have seen George Filewood at my master's - he has pawned boots and shoes there - I have seen James Filewood there frequently - I have five pair of shoes - one pair of boots was pawned by James Filewood - I cannot swear which of them pawned the others - part were brought by one, and part by the other.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. You are sure that one pair was pawned by one of the prisoners? A. Yes; I cannot say which pair he left - I always had a suspicion of both the prisoners, that they pawned them with the intention of leaving them, and I was careful not to lend too much on them - I lent 5s. on this pair - they would fetch me about 5s. - we frequently lend 6s. on things which will not fetch more than 5s. to people we know - this pair of boots was pawned on the 30th of December - the prisoners pawned these four pairs of shoes, and James Filewood the boots.


                  EDWARD 
                  WOOD
               



            . I have four pair of shoes pawned with me - I cannot say by whom.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Archbold, a pawnbroker, Bridge-road, Lambeth. I have the duplicates of twenty-two pairs of shoes, which were given up to the prosecutor - they were all pawned by James Filewood - here are a great many other duplicates of shoes and boots taken in by other young men.
Cross-examined by MR. GURNEY. Q. Do you know what business James Filewood is? A. No; I have purchased shoes of him, believing them to be his own property- these are common country-made shoes.


                  JOHN 
                  MICHAEL JONES
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Barnes, a pawnbroker, in the Strand. I had six pair of shoes and one pair of boots, which I gave up to Mr. Lloyd, at Marlborough-street - these are the boots - they were brought by James Filewood - I had taken in several pair of shoes of him before; and I told him, unless I was satisfied that they belonged to him, I would detain him - he said he was a shoemaker, and lived in Rose-street, Long-acre, and he would go and fetch a card, or I might go with him, or he would bring some person with him - he left the boots to go and fetch a card, but he never returned.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Had he often pawned with you? A. Yes; many pairs of shoes - I advanced a fair value on them - we do not usually advance a full value on goods which we do not expect will be redeemed - I believe it is done.


                  HENRY 
                  ROE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Attenborough, a pawnbroker. I produce some shoes - I cannot say who pawned them.
Cross-examined by MR. GURNEY. Q. Is there any thing peculiar in these shoes? A. No; they are common Northampton shoes, which no one can swear to unless there is a mark on them - I should know these to be Northampton boots - that is all.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RUFFEY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have three pair of shoes - I do not know who pawned them.


                  JOHN 
                  STIMPSON
               



            . I am a manufacturer, and live at Northampton. I was at Bow-street, and saw some shoes which were my making.


                  EDWARD 
                  KING
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have seven pair of shoes, pawned in November and December - I cannot tell by whom.


                  OLIVER 
                  FAULKNER
               



            . I am in the service of the prosecutor - I missed these boots, they are No. 742.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Do you rub off the mark when you sell them? A. No; we sell a great many - I cannot swear these had not been sold.
JAMES LLOYD. These are my shoes - they came from Northampton - great part of these are marked in the prisoner's own writing, and part by my apprentice - these boots are not marked - the man who made them is here, but he cannot swear they were made for me - one pair of those produced by Pyatt were marked by the prisoner, the rest I only know from having lost so great a number.
Cross-examined by MR. GURNEY. Q. Do you know when they were marked? A. I have no earthly conception- I seldom sell in my shop - I think it not very probable that these were sold by my shopman, finding them as I did- I think James Filewood could not have bought them for 5s. a pair - he could have sold them for more than he pawned them - I have missed great quantities of boots and shoes - I have not found the fourth part of what I lost - I do not know that I have complained of my apprentice not entering goods sent to country shops - I have no recollection of persons calling to pay for goods which had not been entered - it may have happened - that may account for a pair or two - some of these cost me 5s. a pair, some as little as 3s. 6d.
COURT to WILLIAM BRYMER PYATT. Q. Are you quite sure that these four pair of shoes were pawned by the prisoners? A. Yes; some by one, and some by the other, but I cannot say which - I never saw them both together.
George Filewood's Defence. I never had any thing to do with any of them - when Mr. Pyatt was before the magistrate, he said he had seen me in his shop, but could not swear to my pawning any of the shoes.
James Filewood's Defence. I have been in the habit of buying and selling shoes many years - I attend sale-rooms - I bought a great many in King-street, Convent-garden - no man alive can swear to them.
(
               
                  Henry 
                  Hudson
               



            , boot and shoe-maker, in Lime-street; and 
               
                  John 
                  Gardiner
               



            , a brush-maker, gave the prisoner George Filewood a good character.)
GEORGE FILEWOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
JAMES FILEWOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
