



379. 




JAMES MATTHEWS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of December, I pewter pot, value 1s. 2d., the goods of 




William Wale; I pewter pot, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 



Edward Whatmore: and I pewter pot, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 



Thomas Sanders.






WILLIAM WALE
. I am the grandson of William Wale—he keeps the Bayswater Tavern, Elm-lane. I called at No. 19, Elm-lane, on the 25th of December, and asked for a pot—I rang the bell and went away—I was away five minutes, and when I came back to the house I could not set the pot—I went and saw the prisoner about 200 yards from the house I had rung at—he was with another person—I followed them up to Porchester-terrace—one of them stepped back—I passed him, and the prisoner went on—I went up to the prisoner, took hold of his collar, and took off his hat, in which I found a pint-pot belonging to my grandfather, and another pot with it, battered close—the prisoner said, "Let me go"—the other man came up, and said, "Let the poor fellow go"—I said I should not—the prisoner went a few paces very quietly, and then he made a great resistance, and struck me several times—the other man ran up to his assistance, with a large hammer, and would have struck me if I bad not let the prisoner go—I ran back and called a man to my assistance, and when I returned, the prisoner was making his escape across the fields—I followed him, and never lost sight of him till he got to Bridge-road, Paddington, and there the cab-man and I took him—he was quite a stranger to me—he struck me, and swore he would kill me—one of the pots I saw in the prisoner's hat was my grandfather's.





DANIEL BROWN
. I work for my father, who is a gardener. on the 25th of December I came to Porchester-terrace, and saw Wale and the

prisoner struggling—I saw the other man go up with a sledge-hammer, and swear he would kill him—I am sure the prisoner is the person.





ANN WHATMORE
. I keep the New Inn, Edgeware-road. This quart pot belongs to my husband, Edward Whatmore.





THOMAS SANDERS
. I am a publican in Wimpole-street This quart pot is mine—it is beaten up in the same way as the others.





MICHAEL BROWN
. I am a policeman. I searched the prisoner, and found part of a quart-pot in his coat pocket, and these others in his trowsers, down in his knees—the four bottoms of the pots were in his trowsers pocket.





WILLIAM WALE

re-examined. The other man picked up the two pots I aw in the prisoner's hat, and ran away with them while we were Struggling.

Prisoner. The other man gave me the property—I did not take It.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
