



411. 




FREDERICK DAWSON BUNDOCK, alias
 Frederick Reed, alias
 Muffatt, alias
 Mason

, was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of August, 2 coats, value 30s.; and 1 waistcoat, value 2s.; the goods of 



William Myers; and that he had been previously convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





MARY KEMBLE
. I am the wife of William Kemble. We keep a chandler's shop in Manor-place, Newington. I became acquainted with the prisoner at the latter end of July or the beginning of August—became to the shop and bought a cigar at first—he repeated his visits for two or three days—I have a daughter who is seventeen years old on the 3rd of this month—finding he made rather free with her, I asked him what he came so often for—he said he wanted my daughter—I asked who he was—he said he was in the Custom-house, and had an income of from 100l. to 200l. a-year—I asked where his parents lived—he said in Canterbury-place, near me—I said I should like to see his father—he brought his father, and he informed us that he was in the Custom-house, and had a situation of from 100l. to 200l. a-year, that he was in the Comptroller's office, and very soon would have a situation of 400l. a-year—I believe the person is his father, but he is living with Mrs. Bundock, the prisoner's mother, and he has a wife living—I have since found be never was in the Custom-house—(the day he took my child away he told me he was going to receive 80l. for his salary)—I thought him respectable, and allowed him to visit my daughter—on the 18th of August he was at the house—I and my husband were at home—(Myers does not lodge at our house, but keeps his clothes there in a box behind the counter)—the prisoner asked me if I would take a letter down to his father's that day, and I did—he also asked my husband to go to Mr. Wayland the watchmaker, stating that he wanted to see him—he went out, and I went with the letter, leaving the prisoner and my daughter there—I returned in about half-an-hour or three-quarters of an hour, after talking to his father—when I returned I found the prisoner and my daughter sitting in the parlour reading a book—the father came up, and in the evening they asked me if they might take a walk—I told them not to be long, as it was the first day of Camberwell fair, and I migbt be busy—the prisoner and my daughter went out together and did not return—I never saw any more of them for five days—I did not give the prisoner permission to take Myers's clothes out of the box—he knew the things were there, as he had seen Myers put the things on and wear them.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Is Myers any relation of yours? A. No—I have known him from a child—he is an apprentice—I can't exactly say where he lives—his father lives on Newington-causeway the clothes belong to William Myers, not to John

Myers, his brother—they used to lend a coat to one another sometimes—John does not keep any thing at my house—I suppose William keeps them there, because he wishes to look smarter sometimes than common—he does not live at his father's—I think he lives in Charlotte-street, Blackfriars-road, but I am not positive—that is half an hour's walk from me—he did not pay me for keeping the things at my house—he has kept them there about six or eight months—I have one lodger, a married lady named Reed, who lives in the middle room—her husband does not live with her constantly—they married unknown to his uncle, and he is afraid of his uncle knowing of the marriage, and comes to see her occasionally—she is a very prudent woman, and has lodged with us for twelve months—I believe Mr. Reed to be a gentlemanly, respectable man—they have only one room—I did not know Mrs. Reed before she came to lodge with me—I have lost her through this, and I am very sorry—she used to speak to the Myers's when she came down stairs, and they have gone up and spoken to her out of friendship—they were not particularly intimate—we keep cigars—my daughter served in the shop—she went to Greenwich fair once with Mrs. Reed and two gentlemen, who came to the house is a one-horse chaise—they were strange gentlemen—they had been in the shop—they came first on the fancy fair day—we do a little business at that time—they came next day, and proposed to drive my daughter and Mrs. Reed to Greenwich—I let her go—I trusted her to the eare of Mrs. Reed—they went about four o'clock in the afternoon, and returned about half-past nine o'clock—I objected to my daughter going very much, but Mrs. Reed and they over-persuaded me—it was the first time she ever went out with any body—I redeemed the coat, I think, the Saturday, before my daughter and the prisoner were married, as William Myers made a piece of work about it, I was obliged to make away with my own spoons to do it—I did not get the money from any body to do it.





WILLIAM MYERS
. I am an apprentice to Mr. Kenny, a tailor, in Blackfriars-road. In August last I had some clothes at Mrs. Kemble's—I did not authorize the prisoner to pawn them—I have seen them since at the pawnbroker's, and can identify them as mine.

Cross-examined. Q. Why were the clothes left at Mrs. Kemble's? A. Having too many clothes, my father would not allow me to have them if he knew it—they were left for me occasionally to dress—I bought the cloth, and made them myself—I have made my brother John a coat—that was kept at Mrs. Kemble's—I cannot say whether it was in the same box as mine—I went there with my brother sometimes—Mrs. Kemble had the care of the things—I used to be in the parlour when I went there, and she brought the clothes somewhere from the shop for roe to put on—my brother used to borrow a coat of me sometimes, and I have worn his sometimes—I have a frock coat—my brother has a bear-skin great coat there—I exchanged one frock coat and an old bear skin coat for this new one, because it was fashionable—it is a frock coat which the pawnbroker has—that was my brother's, but it is mine now—I lost a Newmarket coat also, which I bought second-hand of a tailor named Sullivan, I believe, whom, I worked with at Mr. Kenny's about a year and a half ago.

Q. Do you know the prisoner? A. I never exchanged many words with him—I have seen him at Mrs. Kemble's three times—he never found me up in Mrs. Reed's room—he might have seen me with Mrs. Reed—I do not know when—Mrs. Reed is rather a friend of mine—I do not put

on my smart things when I go to see her—she would as soon see me in my deshabille as in other things—I never slept at Mrs. Kemble's—I sleep at my master's, in Black friars-road sometimes—I cannot say always—perhaps I may be inebriated, and go to places I should not—I never found myself at Mrs. Kemble's in the morning, nor up in Mrs. Reed's room—I swear that—I never went to Greenwich with Mrs. Reed.





EDMOND NORTH
. I am shopman to Reynolds and Co., pawnbrokers, Stones-end, Borough. I produce a coat and waistcoat, which were pawned at our shop, on the evening of the 18th of August, with another coat, by the prisoner, in the name of "John Kelly, Canterbury-terrace," for 1l. 12s.—I asked him whether they were his own property—he said they were—two coats were originally pawned, Mrs. Kemble has since redeemed one—she left the other, and the waistcoat, for 12s. 6d., and being afraid the prisoner would take them out by an affidavit, she had them put in the name of "Ann Hornsby," which was her maiden name—I took in the pledge myself, originally—I had seen the prisoner before pawning other things.





WILLIAM KEMBLE
. I am the husband of Mary Kemble—her maiden name was Hornsby—I have the coat she redeemed.

Cross-examined. Q. Where is your daughter now? A. At home—I never had any quarrel with the prisoner, nor has my wife, to my knowledge—I caused him to be taken into custody, after he was married to my daughter, when I found out what sort of a character he was—I did not receive any money to redeem these things.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did your wife pawn your own spoons, to get the money? A. I believe she did—the prisoner has been the ruin of me.
(Property produced and sworn to.)





JOHN DAVIES WHITE
 (police-constable G 46.) I produce a certificate from Mr. Clark's office, of the prisoner's conviction here, on the 25th of January, this year—I was present at the trial as a witness, and I took him into custody—it was for stealing a coat from Mr. Jenkinson, of Charles-street, Hatton-garden—he was imprisoned for six months—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Life.
(Edward King, police-constable S 10., afterwards stated that the prisoner had been also convicted of felony, in February, 1835, and sentenced
to be transported, which was commuted to three years' imprisonment in the Penitentiary.)
(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
