





231. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KEYS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of December
, 1 sovereign and 17s., the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Colin 
                           Campbell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
COLIN CAMPBELL. I am a mariner
. On the 4th of December, I was in liquor in the early part of the day -Lawson was with me; we were together, and between eight and nine o'clock at night, I went to a public-house, remained there for an hour, and fell asleep - when I awoke, I found myself quite sober; the prisoner came in afterwards with another man - I had no conversation with him; they were both strangers to me - I said I had occasion to cross the water, and being unacquainted with the road, asked Lawson to show me the way to Execution-dock to cross the water; the prisoner heard this - I and Lawson went off together, about half-past ten o'clock in the evening; I had in my trousers pocket, a sovereign and 21s. 6d. in silver - there was a half-crown among it; I paid for two pints of beer in the public-house, and put the money into my pocket, and am sure it was safe - I had my hand on Lawson's shoulder, talking to him as we went along; the prisoner came up behind me suddenly. put his hand round me, and into my trousers pocket - he took out my money; a half-crown and shilling fell on the ground - I was stooping to pick it up, and the man who was with him came forward to push me over the money, but I got it up, and sung out for the Police; the prisoner ran away, and called to the other, "Come along Tom;" they were both out of sight in a moment - I had seen them both in the public-house, and swear positively to the prisoner; I felt in my pocket, and all the money was gone, except the half-crown and shilling which I picked up - the prisoner was taken last Monday week.


                  THOMAS 
                  LEWIS
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was on duty in Back-lane, Shadwell


 - the prosecutor called me; I went up, but the men were gone; the prosecutor told me his story.


                  ANDREW 
                  LAWSON
               



            . I am a blacksmith. The prosecutor said he would give me a pint of beer to show him the way to Execution-dock; I did not know him before- the prisoner came in with another man while we were having the beer - they sat down by us; they heard the prosecutor ask me which way we were to go, and they followed us; the prosecutor had his hand on my shoulder - the two men followed us in Back-lane, and the prisoner laid hold of him by the arm, and some money fell on the ground; the other man stooped down, picked something up, and called after the other man, Tom; they both ran away - I had seen the prisoner selling fish in the streets before - I swear he is the man.

Prisoner's Defence. I had been to Billingsgate, and brought some herrings; I went into the public-house to sell them - a young man was sitting in conversation with him, and he asked me to drink with him; I came out, and sold my herrings at the Coach and Horses - I went home, went to bed, and on Saturday morning was apprehended; I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
