





1974. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ANTHONY
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                     RICHARD 
                     ALDRIDGE
                  




               
            . I am a brewer
, and live in Coppice-row, Clerkenwell. In September, last year, the prisoner was in my employ - I know nothing about this transaction.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Have you a partner? A. No - I had not in November last, nor ever had; I know Mr. Reynolds, but was never in partnership with him.


                  GEORGE 
                  MELDIN
               



            . I am engineer, to Messrs. Flower, the Old Barge-house, Blackfriars


 - I was in the habit of purchasing beer of the prisoner. On the 28th of September, in last year, I paid him 15s. 6d., on the 2nd of November, I paid him 18s.; and on the 23rd of November, I paid him 16s. - he gave me a receipt for 18s., and I wrote on the back of it for him to call at my house for 2s. more; I took these receipts on each of those occasions from she prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. How long have you dealt with him? A. Nearly two years; if I have wanted money I have written on a bit of paper for him to call at my house to get it of my wife - she has never paid but when I have been short of money; I never received a receipt from him for 9s. when I have only purchased a barrel of beer which came to 4s. 6d. - it has not happened more than three or four times that I have paid him less than he gave the receipt for; I never owed him for two casks of beer, and paid him but 2s. 6d.


                  GEORGE 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am clerk to the prosecutor - the prisoner was in his service in September and November, 1829 - it was his duty to settle with me every night for what he received in the day. On the 28th of September he paid me only 11s. on account, of Mr. Meldin; he gave me the account either from his own mouth or from a book which he keeps - he gives the name of the customer from whom he received the money; here is the book he put it down in - on the 2nd of November he paid me 5s., and on the 23rd of November he paid 4s. 6d.
Cross-examined. Q. Has it not frequently happened that 4s. 6d. has been paid one day, and 4s. 6d. another, to the same account? A. No, I do not recollect it; I have occasionally called on the witness, but I do not recollect receiving money for which the prisoner gave receipts; he had no commission on the sale of beer - he had his wages at the end of the week, a sum for cask-money, and 3d. in the pound for what he brought home; there was nothing due to him - he was settled with every Saturday night; these receipts are the prisoner's writing - this in the book is my own; I swear on these days I received no more than I stated - there is nothing to call my attention to these sums but the book.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you ever received monies of him, and made entries of lesser sums? A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. I have frequently received some money of the witness on the Wednesday or Friday, and on the Monday he has given me the remainder - I have given a receipt for it all, and have paid the money into the counting-house; I did not give a receipt till I had got 9s.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 56. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
