



2139. 




GEORGE JACKSON



. as indicted for stealing, on the 
20th of July, 106 yards of silk, value 19l. 18s., the goods of 



Mary Ann Knight, in her dwelling-house.






BENJAMIN CHAPPELL
. I am a blacksmith. On the 20th of July I was coming past Mrs. Knight's house, in Cornhill, about a quarter before eight o'clock in the morning, and saw the prisoner opposite the shop—I went on about one hundred yards, and then sat down to rest, as I had my tools on my back, and I saw him run by with a roll under his arm—I gave information to the officer, who took him with it.





GEORGE BROWN
. I am a City policeman—Chappell gave me information, and I followed the prisoner with a roll of silk under his left arm, and an old great coat thrown over it—he was in front of the Bank, nearly opposite the prosecutrix's house—I took him with it—the prosecutrix lives in the parish of St. Michael, Cornhill.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did he tell you a man had given it to him to carry? A. He did—I asked him what corner the man had gone round—be said "That corner," but did not show me which—he did not point to Bartholomew-lane—he was at the corner of that lane, but he did not point—(looking at his deposition.)—this is my signature—I did not say he pointed to the corner of Bartholomew-lane.—(The witness's depositions being read, stated, "he said it was a bundle a gentleman gave him to take round the corner. I asked him what corner? he replied, that corner, pointing to Bartholomew-lane.".)—My deposition was read over to me before I signed it, but I did not notice the word point—he never did point—I did not say he pointed—I said I took him at the corner of Bartholomew-lane—the Alderman did not rebuke me for not following the man.






JAMES FARQUHAR
. I am in the service of Mrs. Knight—about half-past eight o'clock in the morning, two persons came into the shop—the prisoner is not one of them—one was rather stout, and the other had a blue handkerchief round his neck—they were respectably dressed—they asked for a pair of straps, but went away without buying any thing—I missed a piece of silk off the second counter, when the policeman came in.





GEORGE BROWN
. I am foreman to Mrs. Mary Ann Knight, a tailor and draper—this silk is hers—I bought it for her—it is worth 19l. 18s.—the house in Cornhill is her place of business—she does not sleep there, but her servants do.

Cross-examined. Q. What is the name of Mrs. Knight's firm? A. Allison, Knight and Co.—that was the name of the firm at the time the silk was taken.

COURT. Q. But is she the only proprietor? A. Yes; Mr. Allison was her father, but he has been dead some years—Mr. Knight was her husband—he died last year—it is her sole property.




GUILTY
. Aged 48.—


Transported for Ten Years.
