






375. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HAWES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     GLASSOP
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of December
, 5lbs. weight of beef, value 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Pluckrose
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  PLUCKROSE
               



            . I am a butcher
, and live in Brick-lane, Bethnal-green


. On the 15th of December my man was gone backward to kill; I served a customer, and went to book the meat - I came out and missed a piece of beef; I called my man to mind the shop, and ran down Slater-street - I saw the two prisoners; Hawes had a bundle under his arm; I ran on the other side of the way, crossed, and met them - I laid my hand on Hawes, and said, "You have got a bit of meat of mine;" I called an officer, and gave him in charge - as soon as I had spoken to him Glassop ran off; I pursued him with Winter, and took him.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMITH
               



            . I was passing the street, and saw the two prisoners; Hawes had the bundle - the prosecutorspoke to him, and called out, "Hold this one;" I took him into a house, while the prosecutor pursued Glassop; when they came back I opened the bundle, which contained a piece of beef, weighing about 6 lbs.
Hawes's Defence. On the 15th of December I went to my uncle's, who is ill; as I went up Slater-street a man came and asked if I would have a bit of meat - I said Yes; I was going up the street, and the prosecutor came and took me.
Glassop's Defence. The only reason I had for running away was, because I own I am not one of the best of characters - I had been up at Worship-street, and I thought I was known there.
HAWES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
GLASSOP - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
