





1346. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     CONNOLLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, 1 purse, value 6d.; 8 crowns; 8 half-crowns; 20 shillings; and 20 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Timothy 
                     O'Connell
                  




               
            .
TIMOTHY O'CONNELL. I live at No. 6, Rebecca-court, Well-street. The prisoner lived next door to me; she was in the habit of coming to one of the lodgers in the bottom of my house, and they mostly kept her while her husband was in prison - on the Thursday before the 26th of August, I gave the prisoner a breakfast, and she went that day to Clerkenwell


 as a witness with my wife; my wife did not give her any thing in my presence, but while the prisoner was there, my wife handed me the purse which contained 4l. 10s. in silver, in five-shilling pieces, half-crowns, and shillings, there were no sixpences - I saw the purse put into a box in my room, and locked up - on the 26th, I looked into the box and missed the purse and money; the box had been broken open - the prisoner returned to my house, and was taken on the Tuesday after; we found my purse empty on the tiles of a little house under the prisoner's room window.

ELLEN O'CONNELL. I and my husband were looking at the 4l. 10s. in the purse, and I put it into the box; the prisoner saw me put it in, and lock the box; and on the 26th, the box had been opened, and the purse and money gone.
Prisoner. I did not see it - there were five persons in the room. Witness. No, there was only the prisoner.


                  CAROLINE 
                  HAYNES
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Haynes
               



            . I have known the prisoner some time; on Sunday, the 25th of August, she came and asked me to take care of some money for her till her husband came out of prison - I did not know till then that her husband was in prison, but as she was rather tipsy, I consented to take the money; she gave me 3l. 10s. all in silver, in crowns, half-crowns, and shillings, in a purse of the same sort as this, and I believe it was this purse - she came again in a quarter of an hour, brought two more half-crowns, and told me to put them with the rest, which made 3l. 15s.; the next morning she came and asked for some money - I gave her 15s. of it, and she wished me to keep the remainder till Tuesday night; I locked it up again, but she came again at five o'clock the same day and wanted 5s. more - I then gave her the purse and all that was in it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WELSH
               



             (police-constable E 54). I heard of the robbery, and went to the prosecutor's house - the prisoner saw me and went in at the side-door; the prosecutor gave her in charge, and I took her to the station-house - she was searched, but nothing found on her but some duplicates; this bundle of new clothes were in her possession when I took her - I went back to the prosecutor's, and found this purse on the tiles of a little house in the yard, under the window of the prisoner's lodging - I asked the prisoner about the money; she denied having had it, and either she or her mother said that money could not be sworn to.
Prisoner's Defence. My husband is a sweep, and he was in trouble for thirty days - I stand out in the street with fruit, and what money I could put by I did, till my husband came out; I went to Mrs. Haynes, and asked her to take care of my money till Monday night - I called on her for some, and she said I had better take the whole, which I did.
TIMOTHY O'CONNELL. This is my purse.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
