





1116. 
               
                  
                     JAMES CHARLES 
                     PEARCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of April
, 1 pair of boots, value 22s.; 2 coats, value 20s.; 2 jackets, value 6s.; 1 smockfrock, value 6d., and 1 waistcoat, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Towersey
                  




               
            .
JOHN TOWERSEY. I am a post-boy
, and live in Oxfordshire. On the 4th of April I was at my master's stable at Tetsworth


; I left the articles stated in the stable - I missed them the next morning; I mentioned my loss to 
               
                  John 
                  Berry
               



            , a post-boy, on his way to Uxbridge; I saw a waistcoat taken off the prisoner's back on the Friday following, before the Magistrate at Uxbridge - that was one that I had lost.


                  JOHN 
                  BERRY
               



            . In consequence of hearing of the loss I made inquiry at Uxbridge; I found the prisoner, and had him taken into custody - I found on him a pair of boots and a frock; these are them.


                  GEORGE 
                  JEWELL
               



            . I saw the prisoner at Uxbridge - he offered me this jacket; I bought it of him for 12s., with this waistcoat.


                  JOHN 
                  BROWN
               



            . I have a blue jacket which I bought on the 5th, of the prisoner, at Uxbridge, which is twenty-seven miles from where the prosecutor lives.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALMAN
               



            . I bought a coat of the prisoner for 16s. and a pot of beer, at Uxbridge.


                  WILLIAM 
                  INGRAM
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner; he had a smock-frock and a pair of boots on - I found a stall-man, to whom the prisoner had sold a great coat; I said I would take it - the stallman said, "Let him give me my money, 4s. 6d.," and he gave it him out of his purse - I saw a piece of gold in his purse; I took him to the White Hart, and searched him, but I could not find any gold - I asked him to open his month, and I found this sovereign in it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
JOHN TOWERSEY. I found these things on the Friday- they had been sold on the Thursday - I left them safe on the Wednesday night, at half-past eleven o'clock; we found 1l. 7s. 3d. on him.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming through Brentford on Wednesday morning; I met a man, and bought the things of him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
