



753. 




JOHN THOMAS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
28th of February, 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 



Benjamin Richardson, from his person; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






BENJAMIN RICHARDSON
. I live in Southampton-buildings, Chancery-lane. I was in Holborn, with a friend, opposite the Bell and Crown, on Tuesday, the 28th of February, between a quarter and half-past six o'clock—I felt what appeared to me to be a man's hand in my pocket—I turned round immediately, putting one hand on my pocket, and my handkerchief was gone—I then turned round on the right and saw the prisoner within arm's length, I should say, and no one near him—he was just starting from the pavement—I ran and caught him about three or four paces off, and charged him with the theft, which he denied—I brought him back, and on my return I saw my handkerchief lying on the curb, just by the spot where we had just left the pavement—I took him into the shop of Mr. Cross, the map-seller, about ten or twenty yards off, and sent for a policeman—it is impossible the handkerchief could have dropped out of my pocket—in coining from Holborn-hill I put it into my pocket with considerable care, having mentioned to my friend that there had been so many robberies about there.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You came back to the place after You had taken the prisoner? A. Yes—I turned sharp round as soon as I felt him—I was near the edge of the pavement—I am quite certain I felt the hand in my pocket.





WILLIAM RICHARDSON
. I was with the prosecutor—I did not see anybody about at the time—there were several persons in the street, but no one near us except the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. How near should you lay was the newest person

to the prisoner at the time? A. Within a yard or two of him—there might have been more than one person—I could not look behind me.





JAMES CUTHBERT
. I am inspector of the watch of Bread-street ward. I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
