



50. 




THOMAS WARR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of October, 1 gelding, price 10l., the property of 




John Young.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN YOUNG
. I am a publican, and live at Hadstock Folly, Bucks. On the afternoon of the 29th o£ October, I saw my black gelding safe in the field—it was branded with J Y on each hoof, and had a switch tail—the gate of the field was shut—I went next day to the field and the horse was gone—I traced footmarks out at the top gate down the turnpike road leading towards London—the prisoner bad lodged at my house two or three nights—he came on the 27th under the pretence of buying cattle—he came again on the 28th, and stopped at my house all night, and about three o'clock in the next afternoon he went away, saying he should return that night, but he did not, which made me suspect him—I afterwards received information from Bates, and found my horse at Smithfield—it is worth from 10l. to 12l.—I also lost a bridle and saddle out of my stable.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRENDERGAST. Q. How long had you had it? A. Five years—I have seen it here to-day, and know it very well—it had a switch tail when I lost it, but has not now—I did not know that there was a drove of horses not far from my house, brought from a fair—the prisoner told me he was a butcher, that he was buying some bulls for a man in London, and his master was coming down to pay for them—my horse had a star in his forehead, a white spot—my son made the brand mark J Y, about three months ago.





EDWARD THACKER
. I am ostler at the Royal Oak, at Holsdon near Wilsden, Middlesex, kept by Goddard. On the 30th of October, about one o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came there with a black horse, which had a white star on the forehead, and was marked J Y on all four hoofs—the tail appeared to have been cut off clumsily with a knife or something, not as a carrier would do it—he told me he had rode him fifty-two miles that day, and wished me to take care of him—the horse was fed in the stable, and he afterwards came and borrowed a pair of scissors of me to square the horse's tail—the horse was turned into the field for two or three nights, and afterwards Greenwood and another came down on the 7th of November, and bargained with the prisoner to buy the horse, and they took it

away—I was holding the horse while the bargain was made, but did not hear what was said.

Cross-examined. Q. Yours is a large inn, is it not? A. Yes—he came openly in broad daylight—I am sure there was J Y on the horse's hoofs—I particularly noticed it—it was branded—I saw it last week in Bate's possession, and it was the same horse.





DANIEL GREENWOOD
. I am a dealer in bones, and live in Cow Cross, Smithfield. On the 7th of November, I was at Holsden-green, near Wilsden, in company with Sutton, and saw the prisoner—he asked me if I wanted to buy a horse, as he had one to sell—I said, "Yes"—he said, "I have one turned out in the field that will suit you"—the ostler fetched it up—he told me he gave 6l. 10s. for it—I said I could not afford that, I would give him 5l.—he agreed, and I got the horse, but did not pay all the money then—on the 9th I sent Whitty with it to Smithfield to be sold—I have seen it since in Bates's custody—it is the same horse.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you a knacker? A. I was—I have left that trade, and deal in bones—I wanted this horse for my cart, but it did not suit me—it was not big enough—it is a common horse—it is a regular black horse, very rough, as if it came out of a country drove—I have seen many horses with white stars—it is very common—I do not know whether the mark on the hoof is common.





RICHARD WHITTY
. I was employed by Greenwood to sell the horse with a star and J Y on the hoofs, at Smithfield, on the 9th of November—I sold it for 8l. 10s. to Warwick—he gave the money to the owner of the horse.





WILLIAM WARWICK
. I am a butcher at Laytonstone, in Essex. I bought the horse of Whitty on the 9th of November—Sergeant Bates came and took possession of it a week after—I did not notice the white star, but I know it was marked at the hoofs—I saw J Y on the hoofs when I bought it—the letters were quite plain—I am not mistaken about it.





JAMES BATES
. I am a City police sergeant. In consequence of information I received I went down to Laytonstone, and took possession of the horse which Warwick had—I have had it ever since—I have shown it to the prosecutor, and he claims it.




GUILTY
. Aged 46.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
