



727. 




JAMES BRANCH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of January, 38 planes, value 6l. 15s.; 28 centre-bits, value 14s.; 16 gouges, value 5s.; 9 chisels, value 8s.; 1 adze, value 2s.; 5 plough-irons, value 2s. 6d.; I saw, value 4s.; 1 saw-pad, value 2s.; 3 hammers, value 4s.; 6 punches, value 6d.; 1 plane-iron, value 1s.; 2 drawers, value 8d.; 2 chalk-lines, value 3d.; the goods of 



William Dowsing; and 2 planes, value 6s.; 1 auger, value 1s.; 2 pairs of compasses, value 6d.; 2 socket-chisels, value 9d.; 1 iron square, value 2s. 6d.; the goods of 



Charles Richard Osborne; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





WILLIAM DOWSING
. On the 23rd of January, I was in the service of Charles Richard Osborne, a carpenter, at Mount Nessing, in Essex—I had a chest on the premises—all the tools in it belong to me, except two bead-planes, and a few others of Osborne's—thirty-five tools belonging to me were taken—I went to work on Saturday morning, the 24th of January, about three minutes before six o'clock, and they were all gone—I had left them safe at half-past eight o'clock on Friday—the chest was broken open—I informed my master.





CHARLES RICHARD OSBORNE
. I am the employer of William Dowsing. On Saturday morning, the 24th of January, I had information that my chest was broken open—I missed several tools—I have seen part of them since at Worship-street.





JOHN BOARDS
. I live at No. 42, Shoreditch. On the 24th of January, the prisoner came to my shop, about nine o'clock in the morning, and produced eight planes and a plow to pledge—I am a pawnbroker—I asked whose tools they were—he said they were his own—I suspected they were not—I asked him what tools two of them were—he said he did not know—I said I did not know—I said I must give him in charge, for I thought they were not his.





WILLIAM WEBB
 (police-constable H 42.) I took the prisoner into custody—I asked him whose the tools were—he said they were his brother's—that his brother was a carpenter, and he lived at Romford, but was there, lying dead at a house near the Windmill, at Romford—I went down there, but could not find any such person—at the office he stated that the tools were given to him by a man, who told him to tell this tale about his brother—I searched him, and found 8s. 2d. and a punch in his pocket—it belongs to the prosecutor.





JOHN OWEN ELDRED
. I am in the service of Mr. Wishart, a pawnbroker, in Bishopsgate-street. On Saturday, the 24th of January, the prisoner brought 15 small chisels, a hammer, and screw-driver, and pawned them for 4s., about half-past eight o'clock in the morning—I am sure of him.





GEORGE SPELLER
. I am in the service of Mr. Jones, at the George and Dragon, Mount Nessing. On Friday night, the 23rd of January, I saw the prisoner in company with another person, about eight o'clock—they

came to master's house, and had a pint of beer—our house is about a quarter of a mile from Osborne's, and twenty-one miles from Whitechapel church.





JOHN SPELLER
. I am a waggoner, and live at Billericay, about five miles from Mount Nessing. About half-past five o'clock on the evening of the 23rd of January, I set off with my waggon to come to London—about fourteen miles on this side of Billericay, the prisoner overtook me, just on this side of the Whalebone turnpike, with another person—he had what appeared to me to be a great-coat wrapped up under his arm—it was dark—he came up, and said, "Halloo; don't you know me?"—I said, "Not that I know of"—he said, "I come from Mount Nessing—I went down with you about a fortnight ago"—I looked at him, and recollected him—he asked if I would let them ride—I said I would, if he chose, and they both got up—we had something to drink at the Sun—just before we got to Whitechapel, he left the waggon while I was absent, about eight o'clock.





THOMAS WRIGHT
. I am fellow-servant to Speller. I was driving a cart, and Speller the waggon—he was before me on the road—I did not see the prisoner till I got near the Rabbits—he then came to me, and asked me what house John Speller stopped at—whether it was at the Sun or Pigeons—I said, "At the Sun"—I saw him there, with another man; and when we got to Whitechapel, I saw him on the waggon with a basket—I do not know what was in it.





WILLIAM CROSSE
. I am a farmer. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction—I got it from the office of the Clerk of the Peace at Chelmsford—I saw him tried there on the 14th of October, 1828, for stealing bread, some bags, and other articles—(read.)
(Properly produced and more to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.
