




710. 




ELIZABETH ROBINSON
 and 



ANN JOHNSON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
6th of February, 4 cap cauls, value 5s., the goods of 




George Ferguson; and that 



Elizabeth Robinson had been before convicted of felony.






PHCEBE BROWN
. I am in the employ of Mr. George Ferguson. He keeps a shop in the general way—he sells caps and bonnets—I serve in the shop—the prisoners came there about three o'clock on the 6th of february, and asked for some women's worked caps without borders—I took a box from behind the counter, and showed them some—Johnson took one cap in her hand, and put several more on it—she showed the cap to Robinson, and said she thought it would do for her sister—Robinson took it, and put it into her bosom—she then took another and put it into her bosom, and then one of them said it was for another person—I put the lid on the box, and took another box of children's caps to show them, and then Robinson took one of the best caps, and put it into her bosom—when she asked the price of another, I said, "A shilling," but I would say 10 1/2 d—they said no, the party should come themselves, as it was a very unthankful office—I then came round the counter, and said they had not purchased any thing of me, but I should thank them to give me the things they had taken—Robinson said she had taken none—Mr. Ferguson then came forward, and Robinson took the caps out of her bosom—she threw them on the counter, and I found two more caps behind the counter, which were crumpled up.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What did the prisoners take up? A. Two caps—Robinson denied taking the caps—there is no mistake about these things.

COURT. Q. Are they called caps, or cap cauls? A. They we called cap cauls, but a person might come in and ask for caps without borders.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You swore to me they were caps? A. They are cap

cauls—they are called caps in the trade—we call them cap cauls—I should call them caps.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. All you saw Johnson do was to take up one and hand it to Robinson? A. Yes, that was all.





GEORGE FERGUSON
. I was in my shop, which is in Whitechapel—I saw nothing of the transaction—Robinson's back was towards me, and I saw her take something from her bosom—I went in front of her—she had got one of these in her hand—in the trade they are called cap cauls, but a private person coming in would very likely ask for a cap without a border.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. A. Is not the last witness, Brown, in the trade? A. She has been in my employ eleven years—in swearing that she calls them caps, she has sworn truly—an ignorant person would call them cap cauls, but a person in the trade would call them caps—they would call them cap cauls—she is right in calling them either—if it had got a border on, it would be called a cap; as it is, it is a cap caul—this is the head-piece that is sewn on here, and the other part of it is the crown.





GEORGE DEVEREUX BOLTON
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoners.





EDWARD KIRBY DARLINGTON
 (City police-constable No. 11.) I got this certificate of Robinson's conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was a witness—the prisoner Robinson is the person who was tried and convicted.

ROBINSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fourteen Years. JOHNSON—


NOT GUILTY
.
