





987. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     KELLY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 24th of April
, 6 yards of gingham, value 10s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Joseph 
                        Lee
                     




                  , well knowing them to be stolen
            , against the statute, &c.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have six yards of gingham, which I took in from the prisoner, on the 24th of April.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. I believe she pawned it in her own name? A. No, in the name of Read, her maiden name - she lives not far from me - I never knew her charged with felony.


                  JAMES 
                  CLITHEROW
               



            . I am an assistant to Mr. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Lee
               



            , a linen-draper, No. 41, Islington-green. This is his property, and had not been sold; it had been stolen by some person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLT
               



             (police-sergeant N 17). I took the prisoner on the 27th of April; I found several duplicates on her, and amongst the rest this one for this gingham.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe you were in plain clothes? A. Yes; she did not hesitate to acknowledge that she had pawned it - she took the duplicates from her bosom.


                  MARY 
                  HUGHES
               



            . My mother lives at No. 25, Wilson-street, Somers-town; for the last ten weeks I have been backwards and forwards at the prisoner's - she enticed me awayfrom my mother, and told me if my mother locked me in to draw the bolt, and she would give me a bellyfull of victuals to come and live with her - when I got to her she used to send me out for a halfpenny ball of cotton, she did not say what shop I was to go to, but I was to get anything that laid on the counter, and bring it home to her, which I used to do, and she went and pawned it - I got this piece of gingham out of Mr. Lee's shop; it was on the counter near the window; I went there for a halfpenny ball of cotton - she used to tell me to draw it off the counter, put it under my shawl, and if the shop was full to come out and say nothing to anybody - when the prisoner took this to pawn she said she got a shilling for it, and she showed me the shilling in her hand.
Cross-examined. Q.Now, I would have you be very cautious; when was it you went to this woman's house? A. I cannot tell what day, it is about ten weeks ago - there is a man lives with my mother, and he ill treated me; he wanted to take liberties with me, as he had with my sister Sarah; I was frightened at him - I met this prisoner in the street, and told her of it, but I did not ask her for shelter; she took me home - I slept there, and staid some days - she did not tell me she could not keep me long, nor say she could not afford to take the bread out of her children's mouths to support me - after I had been there some days, my mother fetched me away, but the prisoner had sent me out stealing before that - I had been absent from the prisoner for a week, but I went back again- before I got this gingham, she told me I had better go down Shoreditch or somewhere; I lived in a court in Shoreditch, and slept there during the week I was away from the prisoner - I don't know the person's name, but the prisoner gave me 6d. to pay for my lodging, because she said my father-in-law was looking after me - I did not go to the prisoner's house that week, but I saw the man she lives with, and he told me that she sent word for me to come back - I had been sleeping at the prisoner's for two or three nights before I took the gingham; she knew where I got it, and she gave me the money to buy the cotton.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to work and met this child, I asked where she had been, she said sleeping all night under her sister's steps; I said "What is the matter?" she said he has been taking liberties with me - when I got home at night I found her at my house, I said "Are you not gone home," she said "No, I will make any shift if you will let me stay here;" I said "You know how you treated me before when you stole my little girl's boots" - I went out the next morning telling her to go home, but she did not; she went and slept under the stairs; I could not bear she should do that, and I let her be with me for a few days, when her mother and two men came and kicked up a great piece of work - she then went home for two or three days, and then came to me again; with her body very much wealed; I took her in, and named it to several persons, in hopes they would take her, but no one did; I told her again to go away, and she went for a week, but returned again - I was born in Islington, and no one can say any thing against me - on the day she brought this home I had been out at work all day, and she said she had a little place to go to the next day, and she had picked this up a great way off, and I pawned it for her.
Mrs. Warren, Coles-place; Mr. Edwards, Elder-walk; Mrs. Fitzgerald, Lower-street; Mrs. Crawford, Norfolk-street; 
               
                  Mary 
                  Ann Hamilton
               



            , 
               
                  Edward 
                  Blunt
               



            , and Mr. Shearman, deposed to her good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner for a similar offence.
