





1551. 
               
                  
                     PETER FREDERICK 
                     ROSELT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of September
, at St. Andrew, Holborn, 3 sovereigns and 1 £5 Promissory-note, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Charles
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Charles 
                        Richmond Tinson
                     



.


                  HENRY 
                  CHARLES
               



            . I live in Stow, in Gloucestershire, and am a linen-draper
. On the 28th of September my carpet-bag was in my bed-room, at Mr. Tinson's house - he keeps the Old Bell, Holborn


 - I had come up on the 26th of September, and went there on the Monday following - on returning to the inn about nine o'clock in the morning, I found my carpet-bag broken open, and a 5l. Cirencester note taken from a note-book, and between 4l. and 5l. in sovereigns and silver - there were three sovereigns - I do not know about the other cash, but in all there and 5l. in sovereigns and silver - there were three sovereigns - I do not know about the other cash, but in all there was nearly 10l. gone - the note was payable at Masterman's - the prisoner was stopping at the inn, and used an adjoining room.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you any communication with the prisoner? A. None.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUNYER
               



            . I am employed at the Old Bell. The prisoner came there on the evening of the 26th of September - he was a stranger at the house - he said he knew Mr. Glover, of Enfield, or I should not have taken him in - he continued there that evening and Saturday, and dined there, and ordered dinner there on Sunday for two people besides himself - he said he had a box - the waiter came to me and asked me to let the gentleman in 12 1/2 (which was the prisoner) have some keys that I had got, and the waiter brought them back to me, and said the gentleman could not open his box with them - the house is the dwelling-house of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Richmond Tinson
               



             - he is the only proprietor of the tavern part, where this occurred.
Cross-examined. Q. What do you mean by the "tavern part," does that consist of the room in which they dine? A. Yes, and the bed-rooms - the coach business belongs to Mr. Horne - he has nothing to do with the bed-rooms, to my knowledge - I never heard that he had - Mr. Tinson is not here - I manage the business entirely - he is my brother-in-law - it is in the parish of St. Andrew, Holbron, below the Bar - I believe the parish is called St. Andrew, not St. Andrew, Holborn-hill.


                  JOHN 
                  BUSAIN
               



            . I am an inspector of the G division of police. The parish is St. Andrew, Holborn - that is the designation of it - I produce a piece of paper, which was given to me by a constable, who took the prisoner and searched him in my presence and found it - he appeared anxious that it should not be looked at - he said it was private, and did not wish it to be read - I unfolded it, and having seen a specimen of his writing, I said, "Do you acknowledge this to be your writing?" - he said, "I do" - I said,"I shall read it, and if it is private I will not make it known"- I read it - he had not been in custody above four or five minutes (read).
"Dear Sir, Islington, Sept. 30, 1834.
"I am now in a great deal of trouble - I went into the country last Sunday week, and returned on Friday last - I went and slept at the Old Bell, Holborn, that night and Saturday - on Sunday morning the waiter brought in my bill to pay him, and I had no money, for I had intended to come to you for some cash on Monday, which is as to-day, but they would not let me out; but I made an excuse of having some money in a box up stairs, but I had lost my key - a gentleman lent me a key, and I went into another gentleman's room, and took from his carpet bag, so they say,£10; but I do not know what was the sum which I took out of his bag."
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. He says in that, that they say he took it out, "so they say?" A. He says,"I do not know what was the sum I took out of the bag"- he said the letter was intended for his guardian, and mentioned his name, but did not give me his address.


                  JOHN 
                  STRAALMAN
               



             (police-constable G 180). I apprehended the prisoner at the Hugh Myddleton, by Sadlers Wells, on the 29th of September, and found on him a sovereign, 8 half-crowns, and 1s. 6d.; also a piece of paper which hesaid was a private letter - he made a slight attempt to destroy it - I also found two razors on him, a ring and brooch, and two keys - I believe the parish is called St. Andrew.


                  JAMES 
                  PORTER
               



            . I am a licensed victualler, and live in Red-lion-street, Holborn. I have a £5 note in my possession which I took of the prisoner - I had paid it away to Messrs. Reid and Co.; but they gave it me, and I gave them an undertaking to return it.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you put any mark on it when you took it? A. Yes; I did not know the prisoner before, but the party with him were friends of mine, and I asked them if it would be right before I changed it - I cannot be mistaken in his person - he was about an hour in the house, and dressed nearly as he is now - I know his features - I cannot say whether he had a white cravat on - I think he had the coat he has on now, and the waistcoat too, but I will not swear it - I think he was dressed as he is now - I have no doubt he is the man.


                  HENRY 
                  CHARLES
               



             re-examined. This is the note I lost - I have no mark on it, but I remember the number, it is No. 2043, of the Cirencester bank, for £5.
Cross-examined. Q. Can you be certain that you recollect the number? A. Now I see it I do - I should not remember the number without seeing it; but I had five running numbers, from 2041 to 2045 - on seeing it, I swear it is the one I lost - it was not shown to me before last night - I had the number in my mind - not of the individual note, but of the running numbers - the first number was 2041 - I have no name on this.
Prisoner's Defence. I came from Wiltshire, and went with my uncle to Scotland - I returned, and went as junior clerk to Mrs. Guthire, of Ivy-lane - I was taken ill, and went into the country, and returned to the Old Bell, to sleep there, three or four nights - when the gentleman suspected me, I told him I had once been in a scrape similar to this, and rather than be exposed in the papers, if it was agreeable to him - (he had said, "If you will pay 5l. I shall be satisfied") - I called for pen and ink, and asked him the sum he lost - I gave him an order on my guardian to pay the money on account of my uncle - he took the order, and was well pleased - before he got out of the room, the officer came in, and said, "No; you have given the prisoner into my charge, and I must take him" - I was rather doubtful whether the order would be paid, and I wrote that letter; but my mind was so agitated at being accused, I knew not what I wrote - the letter was then not half finished, and the man would not allow me to finish it.
MR. CHARLES re-examined. He did not give me an order - he wrote an order - he did not do it at my request, and did not tell me he was doing it - I did not see him write the order - I saw him write the letter, and, it appears, an order was written - I never got it, and do not know who did - I saw it produced at the watchhouse - it was taken from the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you go to a gentleman named Holmes? A. Yes, with Mr. Bunyer - Mr. Bunyer took the order, I believe, but I did not see it - he brought something with him.
COURT. Q. Did you see it, or hear it read? A. Not to my recollection - I went in order to get the money - Mr. Bunyer had that letter with him at the time - I saw the order presented to Mr. Holmes - I was not aware then that I was obliged to prosecute the prisoner - I did not consider myself the prosecutor then - I intended to get the 5l. if I could; and, if I got it, I intended to give up the prosecution.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did he not tell you he had been in a scrape before, and, sooner than get his name into the newspaper, he would write that order? A. I do not recollect it; I have not the slightest recollection of any thing of the kind - I cannot say whether he did or not.
Prisoner. I put the order into his hand, and he read it; and he said, "I do not want to prosecute you, if you will pay me part of the money now, and the rest afterwards"


                  JOHN 
                  BUSAIN
               



             re-examined. I never had the note in my possession.


                  HENRY 
                  CHARLES
               



             re-examined. I never had the order in my hand - I neither read it nor heard it read - I heard some conversation between Bunyer and Holmes about it, but I did not understand what it was about.




               GUILTY of Larceny only
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
