





First London Jury - Before Mr. Recorder.
1354. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     DOWSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of June
, 2 pairs of ear-rings, value 3s.; 3 finger-rings, value 9s.; 1 brooch, value 5s.; 2 half-crowns, 3 shillings, 2 sixpences, and 2 pieces of silver coin, value 2s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Mary 
                  Goodridge
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  GOODRIDGE
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Brown, of Ludgate-hill


, as a milliner
 - the prisoner was his errand-boy
; this property was in drawers in the attic, where I sleep, and was all safe at seven o'clock in the evening, on the 21st of June - I was alarmed about ten minutes to eight, by Mr. Brown's son, and went up stairs - the prisoner had been employed up stairs from five o'clock that morning, cutting whalebone; he followed me into the bed-room, and said he had heard some person on the roof of the house, and supposed he had got into my bed-room - I found my drawers forced open, and these things gone; I sent for an officer, and gave him in charge - he was searched twice; I was present at the second search, and saw 6s. found tied up in his shirt, which he had on; two of the shillings were of the reign of George I. and II., which I had lost, but they had no mark on them - we said he had better say where the other money was, and he pointed to a place in which we found 4s.; I missed from my drawer two pairs, and one odd earring, three finger-rings, and a brooch; they were found in the room he was preparing the whalebone in.


                  JAMES 
                  SNOW
               



            . I am a constable. I was sent for - the prisoner denied the charge; I searched him, and felt some money in his breeches - he popped his hand to it, and said, "Oh, that is only the lining of my trousers;" and after that, as I could not find the money, I made him take his breeches off; we got a candle, and in the room he worked I found a loose brick in the wall, which I took out, and found a purse with the ear-rings, brooch, and other things in it - I afterwards found 6s. tied up in the tail of his shirt; I asked him where the other money was - he pointed to a place, where I found 4s.; I found an instrument in the room he worked in, which matched with the marks on the drawers.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
