



1026. 




JOHN SHUTE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of March, 1 cape, value 2l.; 1 hat-box, value 2s.; and 5 brushes, value 10s.; the goods of 



Percival Adams.







PERCIVAL ADAMS
. I am a solicitor, and live at Walsal, in Staffordshire On the 18th of March, about a quarter past seven o'clock in the morning, I came to town—I got out of the coach at the Angel, at Islington, and called a cab from the stand opposite—the prisoner was the driver—I saw my hat-box and Macintosh cape put into the cab on the seat, and the portmanteau put on the seat afterwards—I drove to No. 18, Ashby-street, Northampton-square—when I got out, the prisoner brought the portmanteau out to me, and I thought he had brought all the rest—I paid him 1s. 6d.—he then went away—in five minutes I found the hat-box and cape had not been delivered—I went to the porter at the Angel to ask if he knew the number—a gentleman gave me information, and I went to Somerset-house—on Sunday, the day after this had happened I went to the proprietor of the cab, and found the prisoner—his master asked him what he had done with the cape and hat-box which I had left in the cab—he said he knew nothing of them, but he ac knowledged having driven some gentleman from the Angel to Ashby-street—I gave him into custody—the property has never been found.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. This was at half-past seven o'clock in the morning? A. Yes, rather earlier, it was cold—the cape and box were on the seat—I found the prisoner at the Horns public-house, in Shoreditch, on Sunday.





THOMAS GREEN
. I am a watchmaker, at No. 9, Ashby-street. I was standing at my window, and saw the prosecutor coming to the house, No. 18, with a cabriolet—the prisoner took the portmanteau in, and came out with the money in his hand—I saw on the seat a leather hat-box, and what appeared to me to be a cloak—he looked about, to see if any one was observing him—he then drew them off on the bottom of the cab, and threw the board over them—he drove off—I came down as fast as I could, but the street door not having been opened, before I got out he had got off—but I saw the number on the back of the cab—I went over to where the prosecutor went, to tell them.

Cross-examined. Q. Was the cab standing sideways to the door be went to? A. Yes—my house is not exactly opposite—I could see these things on the seat—I did not see the number when at the window—I saw into the front of the cab—it had started when I got down.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
