






Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.
1620. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WORMERSLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously forging. counterfeiting, &c. a certain deed, sealed
            , setting it forth as follows: - 
Purporting to be a power of attorney from 
               
                  Henry 
                  Lowry
               



            , of Brentwood, Essex, auctioneer, appointing 
               
                  John 
                  Wormersley
               



            , late of Little Suffolk-street, Borough, but now of Lant-street, hat-manufacturer
, his attorney, to receive 103l. 5s. 1d. from the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, pursuant to an order made the 7th of August, 1827, in the cause Detillin and Gale, - dated 2nd of August, 1828, and attested by 
               
                  George 
                  Dering
               



            , of New Broad-street, London, and 
               
                  John 
                  Willis
               



            , coal-merchant, of East-lane, Walworth.
With intent to defraud 
               
                  
                     John Springett 
                     Harvey
                  



               
            , Esq., Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery
; and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WILLIS
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               inciting, procuring, aiding, and counciling the said John Wormersley to do and commit the said felony
            .
2nd COUNT, calling the instrument a letter of attorney.
3rd and 4th COUNTS, like the first and second, only stating the intent to be to defraud 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Wallis
                  



               
            .
EIGHT OTHER COUNTS, for uttering and publishing the same as true, with intent to defraud different persons, and charging Wilson as an accessary.
MESSRS. GURNEY and ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOSEPH 
                  BICKNELL
               



            . I attend from the Six Clerks' office, in the Court of Chancery. I produce a bill filed in the cause of Detillin v. Gale.


                  JOHN 
                  REED
               



            . I am a clerk in the Register's office, and produce an original order made by the Vice-Chancellor, in the cause Detillin and Gale.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Has it been passed and entered? A. Yes; it has my signature to it, and the seal of the office - I know the Register's handwriting.
This was an order to pay to Henry Lowry, of Brentwood, Essex, since deceased, or to his legal representative, the sum of 103l. 5s. 1d. for goods sold and delivered by him to Philip Detillin.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DANIEL KISS
               



            . I am a solicitor, and know the prisoner Wormersley; before July, 1828, he had employed me as attorney and solicitor; 
               
                  Henry 
                  Wormersley
               



            , the petitioner in this cause, is his father, and he has a brother Henry. On the 16th of July, 1828, he gave me directions to apply at the Accountant-General's office, to bespeak two powers of attorney in the cause Detillin and Gale - he went with me to the office, and they were bespoke; he desired me to apply for one in the name of Henry Lowry, for 103l. 5s. 1d., and the other in the name of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Gatland
               



             - I bespoke them in his presence; the instructions for them are in his hand-writing - the powers are filled up by the clerks in the office.


                  JAMES 
                  SELSRY
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Kiss. I received these papers from the office, after Mr. Kiss had bespoke them; this is the affidavit (looking at it); the power is annexed, but there is no mark on it for me to identify it - at the time I received it, the power and affidavit were annexed, similar to this; Wormersley came to Mr. Kiss's office to me - I said, "Wormersley, you may as well give me a ride into the country, to go and see these executed" - (there were two at the time;) the power was filled up, but not executed; the affidavit was not sworn - the affidavit is an engraved form - it was delivered out with the power, and filled up, except the signature; his answer was, that the parties were too poor - he said, "You lawyers will not do business for nothing; I have a friend (or person) who will, and you may as well put the name in the affidavit;" I then inserted in the affidavit the name he gave me - here it is, in my handwriting - "
               
                  John 
                  Willis
               



            , of East-lane, Walworth, in the parish of St. Mary, Newington, Surrey, coal-merchant;" I also wrote the jurat, except the date - I then delivered to him the power of attorney and affidavit annexed; I have seen Wormersley write - I cannot say that the signature, 
               H. 
            Lowry, to the power, is Wormersley's handwriting; there is a similarity of style - I should be very loath to say I believed it to be his; if asked whether I believed it to be his. I should say, to satisfy myself, I do not; here is "6th August" in the jurat of the affidavit - I believe that to be his hand-writing; I never saw the papers after he took them away.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. If asked distinctly whether you could form a belief of the hand-writing, and you were forced to say, you would say you did not believe it to be Wormersley's? A. Yes, I do not undertake to say that is the power he took away - the affidavit is only pinned to it, and could be transferred to any other power; a person having the affidavit could easily fill up the power the same as this, if they obtained the form from the office - I had known Wormersley a few months, and knew his residence; he was not taken up for two years after the transcation; I continued to know him down to the latter end of 1829, and did business for him - I could have read the order on which the affidavit was made if I had chosen, out did not; he was about publicly, and I understand was apprehended at his own factory - I knew him at his own house, which is a short distance from the factory; he was accessible to me.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Wormersley's father was in some manner concerned in the suit in Chancery? A. I understood so, but we were not engaged in that suit in any way; I have been sixteen years with Mr. Kiss, but never saw Willis till he was at Bow-street on this charge - I never inquired whether Wormersley had given me a true description of Willis, the attesting witness; I have frequently attested deeds - nothing is more common than for a person to be called in to witness the signature to a paper by the party purporting to be the person signing it; I have had letters from persons stating themselves to be the parties, and have then witnessed their signatures - I should certainly ask them if they knew the nature of the business.
MR. GURNEY. Q. Should you, in such a case, take care to ascertain whether the party was the person he represented himself to be? A. Certainly - I delivered the same affidavit and paper to Wormersley as were delivered to me at the Accountant-General's office, by Mr. Giles, the clerk.
MR. KISS re-examined. On the 15th of August the prisoner Wormersley called on me again; he said he calledto request me to accompany him to the Accountant-General's office to identify him, and to receive the cheques - I was to identify him as the attorney named in the power of attorney, which he said he had had from my office, and which he told me was then in the Accountant-General's office; I accompanied him to the Accountant-General's office, in Chancery-lane, Middlesex - he inquired of Mr. Parkinson, the clerk, for the cheques, in the matter of Lowry and Gatland, in the cause Detillin and Gale; he appeared perfectly acquainted with the business of the office - I said, "This is Mr. Wormersley, he is the person named in the power of attorney;" the cheques were then given to him or to me, in his presence, and for his use - one cheque was for 103l. 5s. 1d.; he signed his name in the book, and I attested his signature - (looking at the book). I saw him sign this; it is his hand-writing, and here is my attestation (receipt read) - the power of attorney was on Mr. Parkinson's desk at the time; the prisoner signed the receipt, and received the cheques - perhaps I should be more correct if I said a power of attorney.
Q. A. power of attorney, under which he professed to receive? A. Yes - we then went to another office, and had the cheque entered; it is payable at the Bank of England - he and I separated at the door; he took the cheque away - I did not accompany him to the Bank.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Nothing is more usual than that part of the transaction you performed? A. Certainly, it was perfectly regular; it is very common for creditors in the country to transmit a power of attorney to receive money, when a decree is made, but the papers must be obtained from the office - the Accountant-General has the profit, not the solicitor; it is stated in the order that Mr. Lowry was dead - at the time I identified the prisoner at the office I knew nothing of Mr. Lowry, whether he was dead or alive, or I should have known the power to be forged; if the clerk, who prepared the power, had referred to the decree, he must necessarily have discovered that he was doing wrong.
Q. And the prisoner, if acting criminally, must have known he was going to the very place of all others where he must necessarily have been discovered? A. He must- the order is dated the 7th of August, 1827, twelve months before the occurrence in question; he must have known the very instrument which would discover this would he laid on their table; I must state that he only turned to that part of the order which does not describe Lowry as deceased - the clerks knew where to look for both parts of the order.


                  JOHN 
                  PARKINSON
               



            . I am a clerk in the Accountant General's office. - 
               
                  John 
                  Springett Harvey
               



            . Esq. is the Accountant-General. On the 16th of July, 1828, application was made to Mr. Giles, who is next to me in the office, for a power of attorney, in the cause of Detillin and Gale- Mr. Giles prepared this power (looking at it) - it is Mr. Giles' hand-writing; I had nothing to do with preparing the power or affidavit - they were after wards produced to me personally, by the prisoner Wormersley, both the power and affidavit annexed; I cannot say when they were brought - I examined the power as to the execution of it- it appeared duly executed, and the affidavit duly sworn - I marked the affidavit at the back R. B. Fo. C. L. O., it being the outside, and I have marked the power with my initials, so that I know them to be the same; to the best of my recollection Wormersley was alone when he produced the order for the purpose of getting the cheques prepared; on the 15th of August he came for the cheque - Mr. Kiss came with him to identify him as the person to whom the power of attorney belonged; I had it in my possession at that time, in my drawer in the office, it having been previously examined; after I had numbered it, and filled up the receipt. I put the number of the power in the margin of the receipt; Wormersley signed the receipt in Mr. Kiss' presence, who added his name and address there to- the cheque was for 103l. 5s. 1d. on the Bank of England; he took the order of Court, directing the payment, and the cheque away - (cheque produced) this is the cheque in question (read); I put his name to the back of it, to give the Bank knowledge that he was attorney - the first "Wormersley" on the cheque is written by me, and here is another, which is his signature, written at the Bank, acknowledging the receipt.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You have seen this order, I suppose? A. It was an office copy of the order under which I acted; I had examined the power and affidavit - I had examined the order carefully: I beg pardon for saying so much, but it is my business to look at the ordering part of the order, and if you will read that part you will perceive that where persons are dead it says "To the representatives" of those persons, and here the order says,"Pay to 
               H. 
            Lowry;" my duty is only to read that part - if I was to read all the recitals no man could do the business of the office; there was nothing to prevent my reading the whole - whether Wormersley omitted to read that part I cannot tell.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. If he was conversant with the business of the office, would he know that according to the course of business, you never read the whole order? A. Certainly - the power of attorney satisfied the ordering part.


                  THOMAS 
                  GILES
               



            . I am a clerk in the Accountant General's office. In July, 1828, I received instructions for a power of attorney, in the cause Detillin and Gale; I believe I received them by, or on behalf of Mr. Kiss - I have them here.
MR. KISS. These instructions are in Wormersly's handwriting. (read.)
The order was for two powers of attorney, one from Henry Lowry, of Brentwood, auctioneer, for 103l. 5s. 1d., in the cause of Detillin and Gale, to John Wormersley, as before described.
MR. GILES. In consequence of these instructions, I prepared that power, it was a printed form; I filled in all the manuscript part except the date and the names of the executing party and witnesses - I inserted the name of the attorney in the body, and prepared the affidavit affixed, except the names of the deponent and witnesses- they were prepared in the office according to the usual course of business - I cannot say to whom I delivered them.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. For the purpose of complying with the instructions, I suppose you referred to the order in Court? A. Either to that or the office copy, which would contain the whole order - but I should not look at the recital; that would contain the name of Lowry as deceased - I might refer to it if Ichosen; I do not know that I ever saw the power after I issued it.
MICHAEL WELLSDON. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I paid this cheque on the 15th of August, 1828 - the person signed his name on the back as John Wormesley; he appeared to act as attorney for some person.
MR. KISS. The endorsement on this cheque is Womersley's hand-writing.


                  THODEY 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a clerk in the Master's office.(Looking at the affidavit) - I have no doubt of having seen this affidavit sworn; I have written on it, and was not absent from business on the day it was sworn; it has the hand-writing of Sir 
               
                  Griffin 
                  Wilson
               



            , who is a master in Chancery; it is my duty to attend the master to administer the oath to the party making the affidavit - I attended business all that day.
Cross-examined. Q. You have no doubt you was at business? A. No: I never am absent except when attending trials of this description, and I enter my absence in a book; I have no recollection of this individual transaction - it is in consequence of Sir Griffin Wilson's signature being to it that I think it was sworn, and that only; there is none of my writing on it - it purports to be sworn at the Public-office on the 6th of August, 1828.
MR. GURNEY. Q. Were you at the office on that day? A. Yes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a brewer, and live at Walworth. The prisoner was in my service a long time; I have seen him write - I cannot swear that the signature, John Willis, to this affidavit is his writing; it is like it, and I think it is his - I believe it is his.
Q. Look at the power of attorney - you see the name,"John Willis, coal-merchant, East-lane, Walworth;" did he live there? A. Yes; I believe this to be his handwriting also.
Cross-examined by Mr. BODKIN. Q. When first asked about this before the Magistrate, did you not speak with considerable hesitation on the subject? A. Not more than I have now; I have been acquainted with him six years - I knew him in August, 1828; he was working as a labourer in the East India-docks, and might be so in August, 1828; I cannot particularly speak to the time - he always bore the reputation of a well-conducted man.


                  JAMES 
                  REED
               



            . I live at No. 24, New Broad-street, and am collector of the parochial rates. I knew no 
               
                  George 
                  Dering
               



            , in New Broad-street - there was no housekeeper of that name in August, 1828, and I knew of no person of that name living there.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Might not fifty persons of that name lodge there and you not know it? A. There might.


                  ANN 
                  WALLIS
               



            . I am a widow
. Mr. Henry Lowry, of Brentwood, Essex, auctioneer, was my father - he died in April, 1808; here are the letters of administration to his effects granted to me (read, dated 30th July, 1808) - I knew my father was a creditor under the estate of Detillin.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. When did the person come down? A. About two years ago.
COURT. Q. What persons? we have not heard a word about that? A. A person called on me at Brentwood; I neither know his name nor address - he asked if I would join him and more creditors to bring the thing forward, as he was tired of waiting, and then he said he would buy the debt; I said I would do neither, I should wait till I received it - neither of the prisoners are that person; I do not recollect that he gave his name.
MR. PARKINSON re-examined. Q. The power is filled up in Gibbs' writing, how did it come into your possession? A. Wormersley on its being executed returned it to me for examination; I cannot take on myself to say whether he came alone, or at what time he brought it - I well remember his coming with it to the Attorney-General's office, and I examined it as to the execution; this is the identical instrument, for I put my initials on it.
The power of attorney was here read, also the affidavit of 
               
                  John 
                  Willis
               



            , of East-lane, Walworth, coal-merchant, deposing that he was present and saw H. Lowry of Brentwood, duly sign, seal, and, as his act, deliver the letter of attorney annexed, and that the signature was his hand-writing, and that the names of himself and 
               
                  George 
                  Dering
               



             were the real signatures of the attesting witnesses.
Wormersley's Defence(written). - My Lord and Gentleman of the Jury - My father was a creditor of the estate of a person named Detillan, the effects of which were administered under the anspices of the Court of Chancery; the debt due to him was large, and deeply interested on his account, I called very frequently upon the solicitors to the estate - this produced a degree of intimacy between myself and the parties in the office, and when, after a great length of time, it was ascertained there was a probability that the debts would be paid in full, it was suggested to me by a clerk in the office that I might derive some advantage from purchasing up such of the debts as were still outstanding as claims upon the estate: I never read the order, and if those whose immediate business it was, did not read it, I could hardly be expected to do so: the first I purchased was a trifling one from a Mr. New, of Aldgate, and finding that the business would occupy more of my time than I could spare from my own pursuits, I employed an acquaintance, a supposed friend, namely, Henry Campbell, to negociate for the sum due to a Mr. Lowry, of Brentwood - the amount of his debt was 103l. 5s. 1d.; Campbell undertook the business of arranging for my purchase of it, and went, as he said, to Brentwood, for that purpose - this is proved by the evidence of Mrs. Wallace, who says that some person (but neither myself nor Mr. Willis was that person) came to inquire whether she would sell the debt due to her father, but that she refused to listen to any such proposition; this refusal Campbell did not communicate to me, on the contrary, he returned to town, and stated that he had concluded the negotiation; and on the faith of his representation being correct, I gave him 60l. for the purpose of purchasing this debt of 103l. 5s. 1d., and furnished him with the blank warrant of attorney to get it properly executed, and conclude the business in the ordinary way; Campbell took the money and the blank warrant of attorney, and soon afterwards returned with it, apparently executed by Henry Lowry, but the office at which the money was to be paid, requiring a further attestation of the signature, Mr. Campbell proposed to introduce Mr. Lowry to affix his signature, in order to obtain the attestation of Mr. Willis to the signature - this was done; Campbell introduced a person to me as Mr. Lowry; I appointed a time, when Lowry, as I supposed, was to attend to affix his signature with that of the attesting witness, besides Willis. The persons representing Lowry, and the witness Deering came to my house, and Mr. Willis met them there; they affixed the signatures, and Mr. Willis made the affidavit of attestation in consequence. I had no suspicion that Campbell was dealing falsely with me; Ihad known him for years, and would almost have trusted him with my life, for that as well as my character has been on the verge of sacrifice through his duplicity, and the ungenerous stratagem by which he has reduced me to the situation in which I stand. The business being completed, and as I thought in a correct way, I obtained the money, and as it appears, entered in my cash book, as an ordinary occurrence. My housekeeper was present when I paid the money to Campbell, which she believes was about 60l., and that I had some conversation with her on the business, from which she gathered that it was for the purchase of a debt, on the execution of a warrant of attorney; but the time that has elapsed, nearly two years, and the improbability that her attention would ever he recalled to the circumstances, has tended to destroy that distinctness of recollection which I could wish had been preserved. Another person was present when I paid the 60l. to Campbell, but I have not been able to produce him as a witness from certain embarrassments of his own, but I have a memorandum in Campbell's own hand-writing of the receipt of the 60l., and this hand-writing will be produced and proved, which is all I can now do, Campbell not being able to be found, for had I the power of producing Campbell, his own life would be the forfeit of his appearance in this Court; he has, as the Court may well suppose, consulted his own safety; for nearly two years he has not been seen by any of his old acquaintances, or in the places of his previous resort - in fact, soon after the date of this transaction he absconded, and has not since been seen in London.
Willis' Defence (written.) Being prevented by an impediment in my speech from addressing you, I beg leave to submit to writing the following facts: - In the latter end of July, 1828, John Womersley called on me at my lodgings, in East-lane, Old Kent-road, and said that he had purchased a debt, and wished me to call the next morning at his house in Lant-street, Borough, to witness a power of attorney, authorising him to receive the money; I called the next morning at his house, and was there introduced by him, for the first time in my life, to a person who he represented as a Mr. Lowry; the power of attorney was then placed on the table, and I saw Mr. Lowry write his name, "Henry Lowry" on the power of attorney, which I witnessed, as also did another gentleman then present, and afterwards made an affidavit of the same, at an office in Southampton-buildings, for doing which I never received any remuneration, either directly or indirectly, but did it to oblige him, having known him for some time, and being a distant relation - after that I never saw 
               
                  John 
                  Womersley
               



             until I was apprehended, at Bow-street. Gentlemen, I have now stated to you the simple facts of the case, so far as I am innocently concerned, and which might have happened to any of yourselves; and I appeal to you, as men of business and of the world, whether it is likely I should have witnessed, put my own name and address where I then resided, and continued to do so for eighteen months afterwards, and at which place Mr. Taunton, the officer, found me, without the slightest difficulty, if I had had any idea of the power of attorney being a forgery; to convince you that it is impossible I could have participated in the produce of the power of attorney, I shall be able to prove to you that at that very time I was in very distressed circumstances, and obliged to pledge my wearing-apparel to procure the necessaries of life for myself and family, consisting of a wife and three children - within a week after the money is said to have been received I went to work in the London-docks as a laboarer.


                  SARAH 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I live in Rochester-terrace, Vauxhall-road. In 1828, I was housekeeper to the prisoner Wormersley, and have seen Campbell several times at his house; about the latter end of July, 1828, I remember Wormersley paying him 60l. - Wormersley then gave him a power of attorney, as I understood; it was a paper - I think it was like the one produced; I understood Campbell was to pay the 60l. to purchase the debt - he was to get the paper properly affixed and filled up as a power of attorney; I saw Campbell again a few days after, and then two or three weeks after, but have never seen him since.
MR. GURNEY. Q. How often had you seen him before? A. Three or four times; I never saw him any where but at my master's - he left his name once as Campbell; I am positive this happened in July - I cannot give any reason; I cannot say when I was first asked if I remembered this; it was not till after my master was taken up - I have been with him down to the time of his being taken up; he is not married.


                  EDWARD 
                  WORMERSLEY
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother. I knew a person named Campbell previous to 1828, being an acquaintance of my brother's; I believe I should know his hand-writing if I saw it.
Q. Look at this paper, is that the hand-writing of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Campbell
               



            ? A. To the best of my belief, I should say it was; I have received notes from him, and judge that it is - I have not seen him for the last eighteen months or more.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. What was he? A. I understood he had been an officer in the army - I believe he was on half-pay when I knew him; I was a good deal acquainted with him - he lodged at No. 9, Hampden-street, Walworth, with a Mrs. Whittle; I think I called on him there about 1824 - I think he left there about 1824, or the beginning of 1825; I do not know where he lived in 1827 or 1828 - I have not seen him myself since 1825.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you live in London? A. I did; I left about twelve months ago, but I left London also in 1824.
MR. GURNEY. Q. Where were you in 1828? A. In London, and in 1827.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BASSETT
               



            . I live at No. 39, Bishopsgate-street without. I know Wormersley, and I knew Campbell, an acquaintance of his; I remember his visiting at Wormersley's house, when he lived in the New Kent-road, about 1823 and 1824, for about a year and a half - the last time I saw him was in the early part of 1828 in Cranbourn-alley.
MR. GURNEY. Q. You knew him about 1824 and till 1828? A. No - he was generally at Wormersley's on a Sunday, up to 1824; I was not in the habit of being there after that - I did not see him between 1824 and 1828; I always heard him called Major Campbell.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you cease visiting the prisoner in 1824? A. No, but was not in the habit of visiting him so frequently.
COURT. Q. How came you to meet him in Cranbourn-alley? A. I met him by accident, and was determined to see if it was him.


                  PHOEBE 
                  STONE
               



            . I am a widow, and live in Swan-place, Old Kent-road. I have known Willis seven years; in 1828 he lived at No. 9, East-lane, Walworth - I lent his wife some money to go out of town with in 1828, on the 12th of May: they were then in very distressed circumstances, and continued so in July, August, and September- I found them food, or they would not have had it; there was no appearance indicating they had suddenly become possessed of a large sum while I knew them.


                  EDWARD 
                  CHARLES ANDERSON
               



            . I am a watch-maker.Willis came to lodge with me in 1828: he was in no business then - he formerly sold coals, hats, and things on commission; I know he had failed, but do not know when - he lodged with me in August, 1828, at No. 9, East-lane, Walworth; he was to be found there - I let the house in September, 1829, to Mr. Cole, leaving him there as a lodger; his circumstances were very bad in August and September - he owed me 3l. 8s. 6d. for rent when I left: he agreed to pay it at 2s. a week - he did not pay me for a long while; I have known him to the present time, and never knew any thing but honesty about him.
MR. GURNEY. Q. In August, 1828, was his situation a day-labourer? A. He was a labourer in the London-docks while with me.


                  JOHN 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am warehouse-keeper in the London-docks; in August, 1828, Willis applied to me for employment as a labourer, and said he was much distressed - he continued there, from the 8th of August, off and on, till the 17th of January, 1829, at 2s. 6d. a day.
WORMERSLEY - 


               GUILTY of uttering
            . Aged 36.




               Transported for Life
            .
WILLIS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
