




502. 




WILLIAM JONES, alias
 Edward Holt,

 and 




WILLIAM MARTIN
, were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edward Cutler, at
 St. Margaret, Westminster, about the hour of two in the night of the 
28th of December, with intent to steal, and stealing there. in, 1 time-piece, value 4l. 10s.; 1 coat, value 6s., 2 table-cloths, value 2l.; 1 towel, value 1s., 1 box, value 2d., 2 shillings; 2 sixpences; 50 cigars, value 3s.; 102 pence; and 304 halfpence, his monies and property: to which


JONES pleaded 


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.





EDWARD CUTLER
. I keep the Black Horse public-house, in York-street, in the parish of St. Margaret, Westminster. The prisoner Jones lodged at my house, he left about three weeks before the robbery, but frequented my house every day afterwards—he was in the house on Friday night, the 28th of December—I went to bed that night between twelve and one o'clock—I was the last person up—the house was quite fast—I was alarmed about a quarter past seven o'clock in the morning—I came down stairs, and found the house had been robbed—the shutters opened, and two squares of glass removed—the shutters had been bolted inside—by removing the glass they could put down the catch of the window, and throw up the sash—I missed a time-piece, three table-cloths, a box of cigars, some bread and cheese, 5s. In silver from the till, and between 2l. and 3l. in copper—there were a great many farthings in one part of the till, besides a sixpenny piece, with a hole in it, at the back of the till, which I had had in my hand that night, I also missed a tin-case full of coppers, containing 9s. or 10s., a 5s. packet of copper off the shelf, a bottle of port wine and a bottle of sherry—I went down to the station-house immediately, being sent for about half-past eight o'clock, and found the prisoner Jones in custody, and the greater part of my property—Martin frequented my house—he had been there the night before, and three or four times that day, in company with Jones all day.





ELIZABETH THOMPSON
. I am servant to Mr. Cutler. I got up about a quarter past seven o'clock in the morning, and found the window throws up, two squares of glass broken, and the things stolen.





WILLIAM FLOYD
. I am a policeman. On Saturday morning, about a quarter past six o'clock, I was on duty in James-street, Westminster, about 150 yards from Cutler's, and met Jones in the street—I stopped him, took him to the station-house, and found on him a time-piece, a coat, a quantity of bread and cheese, two table-cloths, a towel, a box of cigars, and a tin case containing 9s. 4 1/2 d. In copper—the Inspector locked him up—Mr. Cutler afterwards came to the station-house.





HENRY BAREFOOT
. I am a Police Inspector. I apprehended the prisoner Martin at his lodging, No. 4, Crump's-buildings, Castle-lane, Westminster, about a hundred yards from Cutler's—I there found 3 shillings,

5 sixpences, one with a hole in it, 6 fourpenny-pieces, 52 penny-pieces, 179 halfpence, 58 farthings, a lucifer-box, two pipes, and a piece of cheese—I also found a knife in his pocket, with a mark of fresh putty on it—I examined the prosecutor's premises, and found a distinct mark on the putty, of a small knife having been used, where they had prized it to get the glass out—there was the impression of the full width of the knife.





EDWARD CUTLER

re-examined. This sixpence with a hole in it is mine, and the one I had in my hand the night before—I know this to be part of my cheese—it is the same sort as was found on Jones—all the articles found on Jones are mine.





WILLIAM FLOYD

re-examined. Q. What time would it take to break into the house, take the things, and bring them out? A. I should say three-quarters of an hour.

MARTIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Patteson.

