





1396. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, 1 copper, value 10s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Lecornew
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building
            , against the statute, &c.


                  JANE 
                  SALMON
               



            . I live with my mother; we had a house to take care of at Paddington


; it belongs to Mrs. Elizabeth Lecornew, we live next door to it - on the 7th of September the prisoner came and asked to look at it, my mother gave me the key, and the prisoner and I went over the house; he said he liked it; he wished to speak to the landlady about it - he then went away, but returned again; he had the key, and went over the house again by himself, three times - there was a copper fixed in the wash-house; the prisoner brought the key back, but did not take the house - I afterwards went to show the house to a lady, and found the parlour shutters were open, which had before been shut, and this copper was in the parlour; this was the same day as the prisoner had been there - about eight o'clock in the evening I was walking outside with the child; a man came to the house, opened the parlour window, and took the copper out - I ran in, and said "Here is some man got the copper;" I ran after him, he threw down the copper at the corner of the Junction-road, and ran away out of my sight - I cannot swear it was the prisoner, but it was a man about his size, and he had a flannel jacket on - my mother had the care of the house - this is the copper,


                  GEORGE 
                  PETERS
               



            . I saw the prisoner go to the house, lift up the window, and take out the copper; he did not go in - he went up the town with it, and turned towards the Junction-road - I called to him "Master, put down that copper" - he put it down, and said "Here, my dear, I shall go." - he then ran off, I pursued him crying "Stop thief," the policeman and another man pursued him - the prisoner fell down and the policeman fell over him; the prisoner got up and ran again, but was taken - I never lost sight of him; I am sure he is the man.


                  GEORGE 
                  COMPTON
               



             (police-constable T 155). I heard the alarm and followed the prisoner; he fell down, and I over him; he got up and ran again, but I took him - he had a flannel jacket on.
Prisoner. It was not me with the copper.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
