




777. 




JAMES PARCELS
 and 




JAMES KENNY
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
20th of February, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 



Thomas Peek, from his person.






THOMAS PEEK
. I live in the Exchequer-office, Whitehall-yard. I am house-keeper there—at half past six o'clock, on the evening of the 20th of February, I was walking in the Strand, near Adam-street, Adelphi—Goose came and said something to me—I examined my pocket, and my handkerchief was gone—I had seen it sage not more than ten minutes before—this is it, and the one I had seen safe.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. On which side were you? A. At the corner of Adam-street—I was with a friend at Somerset-house, and used my handkerchief there—Goose first came to me—the other person was not with him then—I saw the other officer about three or four minutes after—he was then at the corner of Adam-street—he had followed the prisoner up a court, and he came back with Goose—that court was on the opposite side—I did not see Ford till he came to me at the corner of Adam-street.





ROBERT GOOSE
. I live at No.17, Wood-street, Westminster—I have left the police. I was going to Spitalfields with Ford—I saw the two prisoners behind the gentleman—I saw Kenny making free with the gentleman's pocket—putting his hand in—he had only got hold of the pocket when I first saw him—I kept back—he did not see me, I believe—he did not know me—he drew out a handkerchief—I told Ford I would tell the gentleman of it—Ford turned his head, and I went to the gentleman, and told him something—he said he had lost his handkerchief—I said, "They have ran up that court"—I saw them walking up the court—it is a court right opposite Adam-street—I went across the road up the court with Ford, after them—we lost them—I came back again and spoke to the gentleman, in the mean time they returned again—I knew them again—they then followed two other gentleman—Ford was only just before me—the two prisoners came then right across from opposite—Kenny was in the act of laying hold of another gentleman's pocket—they turned and looked me in the face—they were going to make off—I seized Parcels, and Ford laid hold of Kenny—this handkerchief was in Parcel's pocket—the prosecutor stood at the corner of Adam-street—he was present when the handkerchief was found, and he claimed it.

Cross-examined. Q. You were in the police? A. Yes, I was—I resigned on the 14th of August—it was quite a matter of choice—I was not dealt with as I ought to be—there has never been a charge made against me in my life—I never was charged with stealing a donkey—I have been told so by you—I have been an informer for two months—I bad money before that, and spent it was with Mr. Waterton's omnibes before I was an informer, as conductor—and I think I began in September—I have been nothing else—Ford is a man that works along with me—he has been a policeman—he was discharged for being insolent to the Commissioners—if I see a robbery I take a person—this is the first time I have put my hand on any body since I was in the police—cannot tell whether I have given one hundred informations, or two hundred—I have them down in a book—we were not walking after Mr. Peek—we

met him—I saw Kenny put his hand into his pocket—I did not take them directly—I spoke to the prosecutor first, because I have taken person and then the prosecutors did not appear, and I have been hauled over the coals—they crossed the road directly, so that I could not lay bold of them and call to Mr. Peek—I cannot run very fast.

JURY. Q. You are certain it was the prisoner Kenny who look the handkerchief? A. Yes—I saw Parcels in company with him—they went up the court—I am certain that they were the two persons that I saw afterwards.





WILLIAM FORD
. I was with the last witness in the Strand, just by Adam-street—Goose said, "Those lads are after that gentleman"—I looked round, and saw Kenny had hold of the gentleman's pocket, with his left hand, and his right hand under the pocket—I saw him draw something—he gave it to the other, and they both ran across the street, towards the court—I ran after them, but the court being dark, I lost them—we came back again, Goose was close to me—Goose said he dare say they would come back—we stood still, and spoke to Mr. Peek—it was not half a minute before both the prisoners came back, across the road, in the came direction—they got on the pavement, and Kenny got hold of another gentleman's pocket at that time—whether parcels spoke to him or touched him I do not know, but they made an attempt to go down one of the turnings—I took Kenny, and said. "Where is that handkerchief?"—he said, "I have not got it"—and Goose gave me parcels—I said to him, "Where is that handkerchief you had of the gentleman?"—he took it out of the flap of his breeches, and dropped it on the ground. Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure that you saw Parcels draw this out from his flap? A. Yes—Mr. Peek must have seen that too—when they came back from the court they crossed the road, and went five or six yards to the right, and we followed them—I was five or six yards off when I saw Kenny—I have been a common informer for five months—I do not know any thing about Goose—they told me in the police that I did not conduct myself right about a young woman, and I resigned.





THOMAS PEEK

re-examined. Q. Did you see this handkerchief produced from the person of the prisoner parcels, as the last witness has stated? A. Yes, I did—this is my handkerchief.





THOMAS HARD
 (police-constable F 140.) I saw one of the prisoners give this handkerchief to Ford—I took it and the prisoner.

Parcels's Defence. I saw the handkerchief lying down by the side of a shop—I took it, and went on to the Adelphi afterwards—the man caught me, and took me to the gentleman—I said, "I this your handkerchief?" he said, "Yes"—I gave it him.

Kenny's Defence. I had been to take a pair of shoes home to No.3, Crown-court, and was going home—I had not seen this prisoner before—I was fifteen yards off him—I worked for a man in Tower-street, and then he went down to Shropshire—I got a few jobs on my own account.

PARCELS—


GUILTY
.† Aged 17.

KENNY—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.




Transported for Seven Years.
