





130. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SEAL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, 1 gold pin, set with pearls, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Gadsden
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JAMES 
                  GADSDEN
               



            . I live in Furnival's Inn, and am a solicitor
. On the 9th of November, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Cheapside


: my gold pin, set with pearls was in my stock; there was a very great crowd - I was walking in the middle of the road, to avoid the crowd - two or three people were round me; the prisoner came up to me, thrust his hand into my breast, and drew out my pin; I instantly seized him, and saw him throw something away, which I presume was my pin: I saw a scramble among the crowd, but I have not recovered it - I continued to hold him; he asked what he had done - I said he knew, and I should not let go of him; I was instantly surrounded by ten or twelve - they all asked what he had done; two of them thrust themselves between me and him, but I said I would not let go; one of the mob said, "Cut his b-y fingers;" I called for the Police - I was surrounded till the officer came and took him, but never let him go.


                  THOMAS 
                  PROTHEROE
               



            . I am a City-officer. A gentleman came to the corner of King-street, and gave me information; I went with another officer, and found the prosecutor holding the prisoner - we took hold of him; a great many persons were closed round the prosecutor; I had hard work to get up to him - I did not know the prisoner before.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to see the procession, and had the misfortune to be shoved into the crowd; the gentleman accused me of robbing him of his pin - I said,"Take me into a shop and search me," but he would not; I am not the man who robbed him - when a man is taken a crowd generally follows.
MR. GADSDEN. He asked me in the middle of the crowd to search him; I am positive it was him who thrust his hand and took my pin.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
