





1186. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CROOK
                  




               
             was indicted for that 


               he, on the 22nd of March
, feloniously did utter a forged order for the delivery of goods, well knowing the same to be forged
            , which said order is as follows, (that is to say) -March 22nd, 1831.
Mrs. Bailey, - Give James Crook a shirt and a pair of stockings. By order of THOMAS TUCKER. with intent to defraud the 
               overseers of the poor for the time being, of the parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, and St. George, Bloomsbury


            ; against the Statute, &c.
THREE OTHER COUNTS, varying the manner of stating the charge.
THOMAS TUCKER. I am assistant-overseer of St. Giles in the Fields, and St. George, Bloomsbury. I have seen the prisoner, but not on this occasion - this order is not my writing, nor did I ever authorize any one to write it; the prisoner has been a pauper of our parish from his childhood, I believe, but I have only known him twelve months.
SARAH BAILEY. I am matron of the workhouse of St. Giles in the Fields


, and St. George, Bloomsbury. On the 22nd of March the prisoner came and presented this order - he was a pauper out of the house; I was commissioned to give what Mr. Tucker ordered - the prisoner produced this order, and I gave him a shirt and pair of stockings; I took it for granted this order was genuine.
Prisoner's Defence. Mr. Tucker gave me the order; I asked him for it that morning, and he gave it - he is in the habit of being intoxicated, and very often is in a great bustle with having two or three hundred paupers about the house; very likely he forgot to enter it in the book - he and the other overseers have said that if it cost them 100l. they would get me transported out of the country; I was here last Session for a pair of shoes, but they never appeared against me - they said if I did not tell who forged these orders they would have me taken up.
MR. TUCKER. This is not my order, nor is there any person in the parish who gives these orders but myself.
JURY. Q.Is it a resemblance of your hand-writing? A. It is somewhat like the signing, but the order altogether is not.
JURY to MRS. BAILEY. I presume you are well acquainted with the signature of Tucker? A. I receive a great many; I believed this to be Mr. Tucker's signature- had I had any suspicion I should have sent to him to inquire.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
There was another indictment, for a similar offence, against the prisoner.
