





1159. 
               
                  WILLIAM HENRY 
                  BARNARD
               




             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of February
, 1 watch, value 4l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Hutchins
                  




               
            .
ANN HUTCHINS. I am single
, and live in Newman-street


. On the 11th of February the prisoner came, about three o'clock in the afternoon, to look at my apartments; my servant showed him up stairs - he said he wanted them for a lady and gentleman, and said he should come again in the evening, or on Monday morning; I had to let a sitting-room and two bed-rooms - I went out in the evening, and in the meantime the prisoner came again; I returned at twenty minutes before nine, and then my watch was gone, which I had seen safe at eight o'clock, in the back room; I am sure he is the person - the watch has not been found.
MARIA MARSHALL. I am servant to the prosecutrix. I was at home when the prisoner first came, and am sure he is the person; he came again in the evening when my mistress was out, and asked if she was at home - I said No; he then asked if I would allow him to look at the bed-rooms, to see if there was a cupboard in them - I said there was; I went up to the room with him - he then asked me to let him sit down till my mistress came home, which he did; I went down, leaving a young lady in the room with him - in about ten minutes he sent her down for a glass of water, and as she was going up again she met the prisoner on the stairs, and he went out - he had left a card with me, with the name of Mr. Clint on it.
MARY 
               
                  ANN 
                  BAKER
               



            . I was left in the room with the prisoner - he sent me to get him a glass of water; I went for it, and as I was going up again with it, I met him going down stairs - I had seen the watch in the room at eight o'clock; when the prosecutrix came home she missed the watch - I had not missed it.
JAMES McCARTHY. (Police-constable, 
               T. 
            115.) I took the prisoner; the watch has not been found.
Prisoner. I was not aware of this charge coming on, and am not prepared for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years, to commence from the expiration of his former Sentence
            .
