






37. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     FELL
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     McPHERSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of October
, 3 silver spoons, value 15s., and 3 pairs of trousers, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles Chamier 
                           Raper
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 butter-knife, value 10s.; 1 pair of bracelets, value 3s.; 1 necklace, value 10s.; 1 smelling-bottle, value 1s., and 3 thimbles, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Peter Nugent 
                           Kingston
                        



.


                  MARGARET 
                  RAY PEDEN
               



            . I am cook to Mr. Raper; he lives at Chelsea. On the 25th of October my master and his family were at Hastings; I was left in charge of the house, with 
               
                  Augusta 
                  Pever
               



            , a friend of mine - I had known Fell for sixteen months - he is a tailor
, but I never saw McPherson till last Tuesday - I never saw him at my master's; we had Fell in the house for company - he slept there on the night of the 25th of October, and for a fortnight before; I had known him before, and had gone out with him, but nothing had passed between us- he slept in our bed-room which he had to himself; Pever and I slept in master's bed-room on the same floor- between four and five o'clock in the morning Pever heard the creeking of the dressing-room door and some one going down stairs; she awoke me; I flew out of bed, rang the bell, and ran into Fell's room, for protection -I found his door open; I asked him if he had been down stairs - he said No; I asked him how the door came open; he said he did not know - he got up and went down, and found the places open, and the bells had been taken off the hall door and shutters; I called the officer; he and I went down to the stable, where we found a tinderbox, which had been taken from the house; three spoons and three pairs of trousers were missing from different rooms, but nothing from the room Fell slept in; we found one of the pairs of trousers on the way to the stable - Fell appeared to be asleep when we went into his room; there was a hat found under his bed, which was not there the night before - a smelling-bottle which was lost has been found on McPherson; Fell had sat with us that evening, and went out in the dark, to get a little tobacco - he said I need not light him out; that was about nine o'clock or a little after - and about ten he took a light and went down to the stable.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Have you told us all the transaction? A. Yes, as far as I have been required; I know Fell's two brothers - they are respectable; we had a pint and a half of porter for supper that night - he had been very dull for several days, and that night he was very cheerful, and we sat up till about twelve o'clock; I swear he slept in the same room the night before, and I and Pever in my master's bed - I went into Fell's room for the light after he was in bed that night; I sat down on the edge of his bed and we sat talking there - I swear that I and Pever were not laying on his bed; I only laid on the edge of the bed - I was not there an hour; Fell was in a very merry humour - we did not lay down on the bed; we might have jokedon the bed - I had my gown on; I was not in my nightgown - Pever put, her night-gown over her things.
Q. Upon your oath, were you not yourself in your night-gown? A. Pever persuaded me to put my night-gown on over my things, against my will - I swear I had the whole of my dress on; I shut Fell's door close when we went out of his room.


                  AUGUSTA 
                  PEVER
               



            . I am a friend of this witness, and slept in the house with her for about five weeks, in her master's bed, and Fell slept in her bed in the next room. On the morning in question, the creeking of the dressing-room door awoke me, and I heard a person go down stairs- I awoke the cook, she rang the bell, and ran into Fell's room; I got on my gown and went to him; he said,"How frightened you look;" I said, "There is some one in the house;" he said, "Nonsense, it is only the cats;" he got up and we went into the dressing-room, and found the drawers all opened - he went to the window, and found it was unfastened; I can take my oath it was fastened the night before; the cook then called the Policeman, and Fell said, "Stop a minute, if you think there is any one in the house let us go down and see;" and he took a poker and went down - the cook called the officer in; McPherson never slept there while I was there - I never saw him till last Tuesday; when we got down we found the kitchen door wide open - the bells had been taken down and put on the table, which must have been done by some one in the house; Fell was given into custody, and when we went to make his bed, at eight o'clock, we found a hat under his bed, which had not been there the night before, as I had cleaned out the room that day.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you married? A. No; Fell had slept there almost all the time the family was away; I went into his room that night with my night-gown on over my clothes, and so did the cook - she went in because some of her things were in that room; she had pulled her gown off and slipped her night-gown on - I did not lay on his bed; I sat in a chair by the side of the bed - I know nothing about the cook; I had all my things on but my gown, and I put on my night-gown - I never said that we two ghosts intended to sleep with him.
COURT. Q. Did Fell go out in the course of the evening? A. Yes, to get some tobacco; one of the three pairs of trousers which were missing from the house, was found in the garden, by the officers.


                  ROBERT 
                  SMITH
               



             (Police-constable V 137). I was called to the house a little after four o'clock; the two women told me the house had been robbed - I found Fell there; they gave charge of him as concerned in the robbery - I found the door open, and it appeared to me that more than one person had been concerned in it; I went into the garden, and found one pair of trousers - the house had not been broken; it appeared to me that some one inside had opened the door - I know nothing of the other prisoner; this hat was given to me afterwards - these trousers, one of the bracelets, and a smelling-bottle have been found.
Cross-examined. Q. What was the state of the doors? A. They were open when I saw them - the woman called Police! I desired them to come and open the door, which they did - the garden is in front of the house.


                  DANIEL 
                  RIERDON
               



             (Police-constable V 156). On the morning of the 16th of November, the house of Captain Brown, in Robert-street, was robbed; I heard that a person answering the description of McPherson had been seen there, and I, knowing him, went and took him in bed, at No. 22, Pye-street - I found this bottle on the mantle-piece in his room; I said, "Who does this belong to?" he said, "Not to you, lay it down;" I took it, and took him to the station, and told him there was a hat there, and asked him if he knew any thing of it - this was before it was brought near enough for him to take notice of it; the inspector said to him, "Perhaps it would fit you?" and it did; he said many hats would fit him.


                  ELIZA 
                  REES
               



            . I keep a beer-shop. On the afternoon of the day before the robbery, the two prisoners were at my house; McPherson then had a black hat on, and I afterwards saw him with a brown one.
MR. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  CHAMIER RAPER
               



            . This is my house. I had left my cook in the care of it - the articles stated and some others were missing, as I am told; I cannot swear to these trousers which were found in my garden, but I had some like them.


                  CATHERINE 
                  MINET KINGSTON
               



            . I am the wife of Peter Nugent Kingston, and daughter of the prosecutor. This smelling-bottle is mine - when I left town I left it in my bed-room at my father's; the butter-knife, bracelets, and necklace were mine, and a thimble.
Cross-examined. Q. Is there any mark on this bottle? A. No, but I know it from its general appearance.
JURY to 
               
                  ELIZA 
                  REES
               



            . Q. Were the two prisoners together at your house? A. Yes, and two or three other persons - they were drinking together.
FELL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.
McPHERSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
