





1286. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of April
, 7 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Parker
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
GEORGE KEMP (Police-constable N 82). On Saturday night, the 21st of April, I was in Great Cambridge-street, Hackney-road


; I saw the prisoner and prosecutor in conversation together - I saw the prisoner leave him; I crossed the road, and asked if he had been robbed - in consequence of what he said I followed, and took the prisoner - she dropped three sovereigns; I found two at her feet, and one was rolling away; I took her to the prosecutor, and then to the station-house; the prosecutor was in liquor.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Were there any other women about? A. There was one following behind them, on the other side of the way: I had seen the prisoner, but had no conversation with her; I did not tell the Magistrate that I went on a little way, and picked something up; I said I found two sovereigns on the ground, and one was rolling - the prosecutor had been drinking, but knew what he was about, and could walk.
RICHARD PARKER. I live in Parker-street, Kingsland-road, and am a surveyor
. On the evening of the 21st of April I was in Great Cambridge-street, Hackney-road -I had been drinking a little, but was able to walk, and do business; it was between eight and nine o'clock - I saw the prisoner; she followed, and came up to me in York-street; we conversed together for some minutes - the moment she left me I put my hand to my pocket, and missed my money; I saw the Policeman that instant, and whether he spoke to me first or I to him I cannot say - I had had seven sovereigns loose in my right-hand trousers pocket; I had them with my hand in my pocket when she joined me - no other person had been near enough to take it from the time I felt it safe.
Cross-examined. Q.Then you think you was very little the worse for liquor? A. Yes; when she met me I had my hand and my money in my pocket - she must have taken it from my pocket; I was aware of it when I had lost it; my hand was not in my pocket all the time -I had counted my sovereigns before she came into my company; I had been at a public-house in the Commercial-road - I was not drunk; I swear no other person had been in my company - I cannot say whether I had buttoned my pocket when I took my hand out; I had made no contract with the prisoner; I first met her in York-street, two streets from Great Cambridge-street, I suppose a quarter of a mile from my house - she had hold of my arm for the purpose of getting my money; I swear I gave her nothing when I took my hand out of my pocket.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
