





1778. 
               
                  ELIZABETH SMITH


               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of July
, 1 purse, value 3s.; 1 half-sovereign, and 16 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Amelia 
                           Rosenhagen
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .
AMELIA ROSENHAGEN. I live with my parents. About eight o'clock in the evening on the 16th of July I was opposite Old Gravel-lane


; the prisoner accosted me, and told me my dress was in a dreadful state, and if I would go with her she would clean it for me - I said No, I was in such a state that I could not; Mary Costelow then came and took me to her mother's - the prisoner went with me, and washed my dress inside and out, and while doing that she took out my purse, containing a half-sovereign and some silver; I missed it when I went to remunerate them for their kindness - I am certain I had felt my purse safe a quarter of an hour before; I have not seen it since.


                  MARY 
                  COSTELOW
               



            . I live in the neighbourhood, and was going for some vinegar; I saw this lady's dress in a dreadful state - the prisoner said if she would go over the way she would find her a place to clean it; I went up to her, and said if she would go to my mother's, I would give her some water and a towel; she said she hoped it was not far - I said No: she then went, and thanked me - the prisoner went with her, and cleaned her dress, and while doing that she took a steel purse out of the lady's pocket, and put it into her own; the lady then put her hand into her pocket, and missed her purse; I told what I had seen, and told my mother to get an officer, but the prisoner was gone before he came - she was taken soon after.


                  JOHN 
                  MURRAY
               



             (Police-constable K 178). About ten minutes after eight o'clock I saw the prisoner come down the court - she made a full look in my face-she had no shawl or apron on then; in about five minutes the prosecutrix came, and said she had been robbed - I said "Is it by that girl who passed me?" she said Yes - I went after the prisoner, and found her at the end of Cannon-street - I said, "I want you;" she said "I know what it is about - it is about that young lady;" I took her into the parlour of a publichouse, and found 3s. 6d. in silver on her, 5d. in copper, and a purse, but not the prosecutrix's; she said her father was in the artillery at Woolwich - I went there, but could find no one to own her.

Prisoner. The prosecutrix said she had lost her purse, and thought she had left it at a confectioner's shop.
MISS ROSENHAGEN. I am sure I felt my purse when I went into the house to be cleaned; I had been to a shop before, and I went there to satisfy myself - my purse was a steel one; the one found on the prisoner is silk, with a steel snap.
Prisoner. The prosecutrix came out of the house with me, and wished me a good afternoon; the purse the officer found on me is my own - Costelow was locked up herself.
JOHN MURRAY. I took them all, but no one was locked up but the prisoner.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, protesting her innocence.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
