



1827. 




GEORGE BLAXLAND ROGERS
 was indicted

, for that he, on the 
27th of November, having in his custody and posession a certain bill of exchange for £50, upon which was then and there written a forged acceptance to the same, feloniously did utter the said forged acceptance, well knowing it to be forged, with intent to defraud 



John Dawson.


MR. CHAMBERS
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN DAWSON
. I live at No. 4, Ann-street, Wilmington-square. I did live at No. 2, Oddy's-row, Islington-green-about a year and nine months ago, I saw an advertisement in the Times newspaper-in consequence of which I went to No. 3, Jewin-court, Jewin-street—I there saw the prisoner—I said I called in reference to an advertisement I had seen in the paper, stating that money was to be obtained on freehold property, life Interest, &c.—inquired for J. Pepper, Esq.—the prisoner said, "I am the principal—I caused the advertisement in the paper—I do business in that way, walk in"—I went in—he inquired the nature of the property, which

I described as a manor farm, and land situated at Wadsworth, in the west Riding of York—I told him I had a quarter share at the death of my father, who was aged sixty-four or sixty-five—he inquired the sum I wanted—I told him 150l.—he said he had no doubt he could obtain that sum for me—he said he had clients, making use of their names, living at Ips wich, who would purchase the property, and he had no doubt they would give me that sum—he desired me to call again in a few days—I did so, and saw him—he said he had seen his clients, and that he could not give me that, but he would give me 100l., which I agreed to—he said he would give it me, part in money, and part in a bill at two months—I agreed to that, and left—I was desired to call again, which I did a few days afterwards—he then said he had heard from his clients, who not having any money at their command, would give me a 100l. bill, or two 50l. bills—that was the third time I called, which was about a week or a fortnight after the second time—I agreed to take two 50l. bills—he did not give me them on that occasion—on the next visit to Jewin-street, which was the latter part of November, when I went into the front-parlour, or office, I saw two bills lying on the table—the prisoner then said, "I have received the bills from my clients in the country," meaning Ipswich—he produced them—they were ready prepared, with the exception of my signature as the drawer, on the supposed acceptor—this is one of the bills he so produced—(looking at one)—I looked at them—I inquired who this "Nicholson and Co.' the acceptor, was, and what they were—he told me they were merchants—I inquired what merchants—he answered, "general merchants," and that they resided at Ipswich, and were highly respectable men, and the bills would be paid on the day they were due—there was no address on the bill, but "3, Jewin-court, Jewin-street," as their address—I inquired how I was that the address was "Jewin-court," when he had just informed me they lived at Ipswich—he said they lived at Ipswich, and they would be in town, and the bills would be paid at Praed and Co., bankers, Fleet-street, where they were made payable—he then brought the bills from the front parlour to the back, where I saw Mr. Adolphus Warres, Attorney at Law, and Mr. Lewis the clerk—the latter two persons left the back and went into the front parlour, and the prisoner brought the two bills to me, and, laying them on the table, said, "Put your name there as the drawer"—I did so—we then went into the front parlour, where I saw a parchment lying on the table-when we went in, the two persons left, and went into the back parlour—they were then called into the front parlour—I then signed the said deed or parchment—one deed, and a memorial—they were not read over to me before I signed them, nor was I asked to have them read—after I had signed the bills were delivered to me by the prisoner in the presence of the two other persons—he said, when he delivered them to me, "Now, here are two bills as good as the Bank of England," and that they would be paid on the day they were due—the prisoner and myself then returned into the back parlour again, and after that, he took a sovereign out of his pocket, saying, "I will lend you this out of my pocket, which you can repay me when the bills are met"—that was in the back parlour—we then went to a public-house at the corner of Jewin-street, where we had some refreshment, for which the prisoner paid—he then named about the bills being good, and not to go and fool them away, for they were as good as the Bank of England-when the bills became due I presented them at Praed and Co's., but they were not paid—consequence

of that I called on the prisoner on my way home, and saw him—I told him they were not paid-"Oh,' he said, "my dear fellow, they will be paid; there is three days' grace allowed on all bills"—I went three days afterwards, and they were not paid then—I went to the prisoner again—he told me his clients were then in the country, but would he shortly in town, when the bills would be paid—I called repeatedly afterwards, and saw the prisoner repeatedly at the public-house—he always made some frivolous excuse, saying his clients would be shortly in town, and the bills would be paid, and so forth—I shortly afterwards gave him to custody.

Q. In the course of your visits to the prisoner, did you ever see Mr. pepper? A. Never, only since I have been here—(looking at the deed)—this is the deed I signed, and this is my signature for the money.

Q. This signature is for 298l.? A. Yes—I was not aware, at the time I signed it, that it was for more than 100l.—this is the memorial which I signed—I never received one farthing in consideration, only the two bills I have mentioned.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Mr. Dawson, you have never been asked who you are, or how you get your living? A. I am, I believe, what is termed a gentleman, though a little reduced perhaps—I do not live with my family—I have ceased to do so some time—I am at my father's almost every day—I presume, Mr. Clarkson, this has nothing to do with the inquiry—I have lived away from my family about a twelvemonth—I have lived there, on and off—sometimes I am there and sometimes not—the last time was about two months—I have slept there within less than two months ago—my father lives at No. 2, Oddy's-row, Islington-green—I now live at No. 4, Ann-street, Wilmington-square—I have lived here about five or six weeks-before that I lived in Wood-street, Old-Street-road, and several places—I lived in Northampton-street, Northampon-square, before I went to Ann-street—I went from there to Ann-street-occupied a back parlour in Ann-street—the landlady's name was Miss o'Brien—she is a single woman, to the best of my knowledge, between twenty and thirty years old—I have known her ever since I have been in the house, not before.

Q. What rent do you pay? A. Am I bound to answer that question?—well, I will satisfy you-3s. 6d. a week latterly, but it was more before-Ebbs was my landlord before I went to Ann-street—I am not a married man—I do not live alone—I live with a lady, who has, been some time under my protection—I have supported her as my wife—she is as virtuous to me as, if you have a wife, your wife is to you—it is not Miss O'Brien—I lived in the back parlour in Northampton-street—I lived there a fortnight—I lived in Queen-street, Northampton-square, before I went there—that is the next street, I think—I lived there about two days-allow me to say I paid my way-before I went to Queen-street, I lived in Popham-street, Lower-road, Islington—I lived there, I think, as hear as I can guess, about six or seven weeks, or it might be two months or ten weeks—I was a lodger there-before that I lodged at Mr. Baker's, No. 7, East-street, Hoxton Old Town—I lived there about the same time-eight or ten weeks-before I lived at Mr. Baker's I lodged in wood-street, Old-street-road—I had one room—I lived about eight or nine months there-before that I lodged at No. 8, Paul-street, Finsbury, between two and three months, and with the same landlady as I lived with in Wood-street—she left one house and I moved with her to the other—I went by the

name of Dawson—I never went by any other name—I have never taken apartments in any other name—I always went in my own name—I shall not answer your question.

Q. What means had you of living from the time yon went to parl-street, up to your coming to Ann-street? A. That which was afforded me by my father—I told you my father supported me in the first instance—that is the way in which I got, and still get my living—the only way—I do not get it in a dishonest way—I get it only by support I have from my father—I do not get it by any sort of work—I live by my father's support alone.

Q. Have you ever had money from the prisoner? A. Money has passed between our hands. Do you mean as consideration, or what different sums have passed, sometimes a sovereign at a time, sometimes half, and sometimes less-never more-altogether I suppose I have received between 7l. or 8l. from the prisoner—I will swear I have not received above 100l.—a sovereign is the largest sum I have received at one time—I have had a sovereign once or twice—I will swear I have not received 10l. from him—I have given a signature for every sum I have received—I will swear positively that I have not had more than 10l. altogether from him-when I saw him the first time I asked him if he was Mr. Pepper—he said, "No, I am the principal—I caused the insertion in the paper"-when I asked him if his name was Pepper, he said in an off-hand way between yes and no, "Walk in, I am the principal"—I believed he was Mr. Pepper-when I asked him, he said "No."

Q. Did you give the prisoner authority to put up this property by public auction? A. I did—I first saw the prisoner in October or November, last twelvemonth, about that time—I cannot tell what month it was in—I unfortunately kept no memorandum of these transactions—I have other property besides this coming to me at the death of my father, reversionary property—I do not live in a secluded way—I have played, and believe all of us have more or less—I think you are playing on my feelings now—I do not feel myself bound to answer whether I have played a good deal—I am twenty-nine years of age—I don't feel myself bound to tell you when I left my father's roof.

Q. I think I understand you to say you put your name to the deed and a receipt for 298l. without reading it? A. I did not know the sum I put my name to—I supposed it was 100l.—I never saw the consideration money—I could have read the figures, but I did not observe them—I don't believe the figures were there—they could be added after-Warren and Lewis were present when I put my name to it—I do not feel myself bound to tell you whether I applied to anybody else to dispose of the property, now how many persons I applied to, or how many persons I unsuccessfully applied to—I do not know who furnished the prisoner with the schedule of the land—he has been up to my father's, and he has a plan of the estate—he has been once to my father's—my father knew I was about getting money on the property.

COURT. Q. Did your father know you were about getting money through the prisoner? A. He did.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did your father ever go to the prisoner with you? A. Never—I did not observe the date of the deed at the time I signed it—it was about the 5th of December—I was in distress—I wished for something more than I had—I should have paid my debts when I obtained the money—it was for the purpose of paying my debts I borrowed the

money—they were debts part contracted for lodging, and part for rent—I not feel myself bound to tell the amount of my debts—they were partly or rent to my different landlords and landladies.

Q. I forget how long it is since you swore you always paid your way? I said from Queen-street, where I only staid two days—I paid my say for two days—I do not feel myself bound to say how many lodgings have gone away from without paying my rent—I will not answer—after executing the deed I only received these papers, which are no use to me, and how could it pay several pounds which I was in debt?—I do not feel would to say how many pounds I was in debt—I have always endeavoured pay my way—my circumstances have remained the same since I executed the deed as before—I was pressed for money at that time—I put my name as drawer to these bills, on the day I signed the deed—I read the bills, and asked several questions about them—I took particular notice of them—they were dated, November 23rd-when I signed the deed, I did not exactly notice the date of it—I was not aware of the date of the deed, till I saw it at Hatton Garden-had I known the day on which I signed the deed, was the 5th of December, I should then have made more inquiry respecting the date of the bills, being the 23rd of November—I believe I executed the deed about the 5th of December—I signed the bills the same day I received them—that was the day I executed the deed-as I said before, the deed not having been read over, I did not know whether it did not bear the same date as the bills—I first went to Praed's banking-house, on the 21st or 22nd of January last, and I went the second time three days after—I think the first time was on Monday, and Thursday was the second time.

Q. Did you ever go to see Mr. Crook the auctioneer, to see if he could sell "the property? A. Yes-being recommended by the prisoner—I went once to Mr. Crook—I do not remember whether that was in October last year—I made one application to get the bills discounted—I cannot exactly state the person's name to whom I applied, but he resides in a turning out of Holborn—I did not see him before I went to him for that purpose—I have seen him since, passing by—I do not know the name of the court—it is a turning leading into Lincolns'-inn-fields—it is in Turnstile—it is a tailor's shop—it was a young man in the shop I went to—I cannot positively say whether he was the master or the foreman—I was not referred to that young man by any one—I suppose it was some little time after I took the bills, that I went—I cannot say how soon after—I have applied to somebody else—I cannot exactly recollect the day I went to the person to discount the bills—it was not a month after I signed them—I cannot answer whether it was a fortnight or a week, it was under a month—I cannot say nearer—it was not a person I knew.

Q. How came you to go to him? A. I was promiscuously passing by and saw the party there—I went into the shop and asked him to discount the bills—the tailor's shop—I inquired if they did business in that way—He was the door and asked if I wished to buy any thing—I said, "I am not in want of any thing at present, but have you plenty of money in the house?"—he said, "Yes, I have a little, I have got enough for you; how much do you want?"—I said, "Why I only want a hundred, a couple of fifties;" and there is something for you to laugh at—I said if he had money in the house, as he said he had, I would have no objection to take a

coat and trowsers or so, if he would discount these bills—he said, if the bills were good he would do them for me—I do not recollect what name was over the door—I did not particularly observe the name—I never noticed, and I did not ask him his name, not till I went again-of course I went again—I never saw the man till I went the first time—he asked me to take a dress—I said, "I have no objection to take an article or two, I am not particular to 10l., or 15l. or so"—he said, "If the bills are good I will do them with pleasure; and if they are good you can have the money to-night"—this was Saturday afternoon—I never saw him afterwards on business—I might have met him promiscuously—I never saw him but that once, to be in his company, that I am aware of—I do not remember whether I went to the house again the same night—he said it the bills were good he would do them-another party came up stairs into the shop—the young man who had taken the bills of me passed them into his hands, to take down the particulars, the names and amounts; and he was going down to the kitchen, or cellar which he had come from with the bills.

Q. Was this the first time or the second? A. I only called once—I said the bills were good, and I also said, as the prisoner told me repeatedly, that they were as good as the Bank of England—it was my firm belief, then, that they were, not knowing any thing about the prisoner, I took him for a gentleman—I had got the bills in my pocket—I had been walking about to call at one place or another—the party was about taking them down into the cellar to take the particulars of them, but being a little doubtful, not having been in the shop before, and not knowing any thing of them, I said, "Can't you take down the particulars before my sight?"—I did not like the sight of the stairs, being very dark—I was a little doubtful of the appearance of the place he was going to, and of the security of my bills, and I might speak a little firm to him—he went down a few steps—the other called him up and said, "Come up here, the gentleman is doubtful about the bills—he is fearful you are going to run away with them"—he said, "Oh, here are your bills"—I wanted the money, and rather regretted being so sharp with him—I said, "I am very sorry I have offended you, I merely said to this gentleman, 'Why can't you take down the particulars before me as well as taking them down stairs?"—he would have no more to say to me, and put them down—after talking to the other one, I said, "I am very sorry I have offended you, if you will do them, I will give you a certain remuneration, and I should like them done as soon as possible"—he said "No, I decline them, if I had done them you would have had the money to-night, but I decline them altogether"—I said, "Oh, the fact is this, you have not so much in the house, and you will not do them, and put me of with an excuse because I spoke so sharp about them"—he would not cash them—I became vexed at my hastiness, and endeavoured to urge him to do them, and said I would give him remuneration—I cannot tell what month this was in—I did not ask his name-if he had taken down the particulars before me, I should then have said, "To whom do I entrust these bills for discount?"—or, in other words, ask his name, but he did not take the particulars—I recollect making another application to get the bills discounted—that was before the bills became due—it was not a month after the first application—I did not say that it was—I said it was under a month—it was not a week after the first—I made the second application

to a society—I think the Economic or London Discount Society, opposite Marlborough-street—that was in the month of January, soon after the beginning-about the first week, or first week and a half—I made no other application—I do not remember making any other—I decline swearing it—I might have applied to one more, to a man, I think, in the same business-a clothes-dealer, a tailor or draper, somewhere down Houndsditch—I do not know what number, and I forget the name—I was inquiring in the street as I went along, and a young man met me, and referred me to the opposite corner, as a party who did business in that way, namely, discounting bills—I was going over to the corner shop, and a young man at the door asked if I wanted to buy any thing, and I said as I did to the first, "If you will discount a bill I have no objection to purchase to a small amount"—I do not Know the name of the street, it was at the corner of—I said it was two £50 bills I had—I do not know the name of the street, but I could find it—I do not know the man's name—I have heard it, but I forget it—the young man referred me to next door, and gave me the name, but I forget it I went to the next door the same day—that was a day or two after—I applied the first time at the other place, in Great Marlborough-street—I do not remember applying to anybody after that—I can swear I did not, to any one else—I am sure of that—I did not go to Praed's banking-house before the bills were due, to inquire about Nicholson—I took the prisoner's words—he said they were highly respectable general merchants.

Q. On your oath, were not these accommodation-bills given to you to raise money on till the property could be sold? A. No, they were given as a consideration for 100l.—I got a sovereign from the prisoner the day I signed the deed—it was one year and four or five months after I first saw the prisoner that I got the bills—I had not got money from him in the mean time-just before I got the bills, there was a trifle between us, lent by way of loan out of his pocket—it was 14s. 9d., or somewhere about that, and there was 10s. charged extra for two advertisements, making 1l. 4s. 9d.—I did not write to Ipswich before I took the bills to inquire if Nicholsons were respectable—I did not get the bills noted when they were not paid.

Q. How lately before you caused the prisoner to be taken up did you go to him and ask him for money? A. Within a fortnight-within ten or eleven days—I did not ask him for money the last time, but within a fortnight I did—I asked him to lend me a trifle more, till the bills were paid—I could not find Nicholson—he was always putting me off.

Q. Did you not tell the prisoner at that time, that you were in such a state of poverty, you had not the means of finding yourself a lodging, and get 5s. from him to procure it? A. I might have told him so, having been put off so long, not receiving remuneration for my property, and I wanted to get what I could—I decline saying how often I have been in gambling-houses, or whether I lost my money in gambling-houses—I decline saying whether I had been a hundred times in gambling-houses since the 5th of December, 1837, and I deny it too—I never proposed to keep a house of ill-fame—on the solemn oath I have taken, I never did; but the prisoner suggested it to me.

Q. On your oath, did not you tell the prisoner you wanted to raise money on this property—that you were living with a woman who kept a b-y-house, and could make 7l. a week by it, and that was why you wanted the money? A. On my oath I deny it—I have not bought any

furniture since I got these bills—I decline saying whether I have tried to get any body to let me have any.





PHILIP COTTON
. I am clerk in Messrs. Praed's banking-house. There is no firm of Nicholson and Co.'s bank at our house, nor any person of the name of Nicholson—I do not know the signature to this acceptance—(looking at the bill).

Cross-examined. Q. If anybody had applied to you during the running of that bill as to information about Nicholson, of Ipswich, you would have told them you had no such customers? A. Certainly.





JOHN PEPPER
. I live at No. 2, Brewer-street, Pimlico, and am an attorney—I had formerly an office at No. 3, Jewin-court, for a short time. The prisoner was at that time in my service as clerk—I left there about June, 1837—I never authorised him to insert any advertisement in the paper to raise money in my name.

Cross-examined. Q. Has it happened to you that persons have been in the habit of practising as attorneys in your name? A. I do not understand your question—there are none in the profession that practise in my name, that I know of—I swear that—I never permitted any persons to practise as attorneys in my name—I never knew of it—I never participated in any profits of a person practising as an attorney in my name—I never shared the profits of my business as an attorney with any person not an attorney—I swear that—I never took any money from any person for business done in my name as an attorney, to my knowledge—I never received payment for business done of which I had no knowledge—I was about twelve months in Jewin-court—I did not live there—I lived at Brompton, and had an office there—I had an office at that time at Hull, in Yorkshire-nowhere else—I conducted the business at Hull myself, with the assistance of a clerk named Fenwick—I have a certificate as an attorney—I always take out my certificate regularly—my name was not over the door in Jewin-street—my name was in the master's book—it was not in the Law List for 1837, because it was taken out after January—I believe it was taken out in February, 1837, by the prisoner, as my clerk—I am not aware that he paid for my certificate with his own money—I understood from him it was taken out with money he stated he had received on account of my business—I do not know from whom—my certificate is not taken out this year—I have been regular in taking it out every year I have been in business—it will be taken out this year—I never omitted taking it out.

Q. Why not take ft out this year? A. That is a question for my own consideration—I took it out myself in 1836, with my own hand, and also in 1835, and every year besides 1837—I took it out myself since I have practised in town, which has been six or seven years—I do not know who the house in Jewin-court belongs to—the prisoner was the housekeeper there—I knew him as housekeeper there about a couple of months before I took an office there—I did not pay him rent or a salary—the principal consideration with me was to have an office free of any charge—he was paid from certain profits arising out of any business he could procure—he received the whole of the profits of any business he could get, except the 12l. for my certificate-an arrangement was made when I went there that he was to receive two-thirds of the profits, and I one-third, but that was never carried into effect—there was nobody else with whom I made the same arrangement, nor ever has been—I have never had any account of business from the prisoner—I have asked him for one, but he always put me off,

and never furnished it—he was at liberty to bring all the business he could to the office—I do not read any one newspaper in particular—I did not remove the office furniture when I went away—I never had any there—I never had any other clerk there—there was a clerk there, named Lewis—I believe Rogers paid him—I did not—there was nobody else—I never knew anybody else there—my object was to have the use of the room to carry on my Professional business—I did carry on my business there—the agreement was that I should have the room to carry on my professional business in, and the prisoner act in my name, and receive two-thirds, and I one-third, on his accounting to me for all business brought to the office—there was no undertaking for the prisoner to pay for the certificate—there are books of account, I believe, at the office, which were kept by the prisoner, and, most probably, bills of costs and drafts of proceedings.

Q. On your solemn oath, have you removed a single article, draft, paper, or writing of any kind? A. Yes; the papers which belonged to myself, relating to my private business—I have no knowledge of the draft of this deed—I do not recollect the last time I was at the office before the prisoner was taken into custody—I might have been there in January last, and probably in February-not in March, April, or May—I think I called in March for some papers he had belonging to a client of mine—I will swear I was not there more than twice in March—I have called about twice within this twelvemonth—I do not believe I was there in February—I will not swear it—I do not recollect whether I was there in January—I will not swear I was not—I was very probably there in December, 1837—I will swear I was not there in November, 1837—I have lived in Brewer-street, Pimlico-since I left the prisoner's office, I have removed my office to Pimlico, and have no office in town—I lived at Brompton, I believe, seven or eight months—I lived at Chelsea four years before that, and before that I lived in the neighbourhood of Chelsea—I have had about four different residences within the last five years—I will swear I have not had twice as many—I lived at Southampton in 1829—I was an attorney there—it is nine years ago—I have had about four residences since that-not half-a-dozen-Blunden, Spinks, and Co. are my agents at Southampton.





THOMAS STOCKINGS
. I am a saddler, and live in St. Peter's parish, Ipswich. I have lived there twenty years—I have seen the prisoner at Ipswich two or three times—I saw him there about twelve months ago at an inn—I am well acquainted with the town and neighbourhood of Ipswich—I know nothing of any firm of the name of Thomas Nicholson and Co., general merchants there—there is no such firm there—I have made inquiry of the tax-collector, and at the Post Office, and have not been able to find any such firm—I have not been able to find any general merchant of the name of Nicholson.





JOHN HILL
. I am clerk to Collis, Smith, and Co., attorneys and solicitors, New-square, Lincoln's-inn. I have produced the memorial and deed—I received them from the prisoner on the 10th or 11th of January last, as collateral security for a joint note of hand for 100l. to enable a person of the name of Lane to take a public-house—the prisoner became joint security.





JOHN PEPPER
 (re-examined.) I know the prisoner's hand-writing—the whole of the writing of the body of this bill is his—the acceptance is not.






JESSE COAL
. I am an attorney. (Looking at the bill)—I am not sufficiently cognisant with the hand-writing of Mr. Nicholson to be able to swear this is his—I know a party of the name of Nicholson—I forget his Christian name but I think it is Thomas—the prisoner was articled to me—I only know Nicholson through the introduction of the prisoner—I at that time lived in Welbeck-strect, London—I think in the year 1832, a man of the name of Nicholson came to me on the recommendation of the prisoner, and employed me to issue a writ for him against a man named Payne—I have see him frequently since about the Judges' chambers at Sergeant's-inn—I believe he employs himself to make affidavits just to suit any purpose which may be required—I was never at Ipswich—my opinion is, if that be the same man he is capable of any species of fraud that may be devised—I do not know of his carrying on business at Ipswich as a merchant, nor of his being in any firm; in fact, I should not have been concerned for him if I had known his character—I do not believe this acceptance is the hand-writing of that Nicholson—I will not positively swear it is not—the man made an affidavit to hold another party to bail, and I have seen his writing, but should not recollect it—I cannot say positively one way or the other—I do not believe that I said before the Magistrate I believed it was his writing—I believe my deposition was taken—I swore that it was not Rogers' writing-to the best of my belief I did not state it was Nicholson's hand-writing—I do not believe I could have said it.

COURT. Q. You said you were an attorney, have you got your certificate? A. I have not at present—I have not taken it out this twelvemonth—I am nominally on the roll—I have not been struck off—I am at this time applying for re-admission—I was opposed by an affidavit of the prisoner, which was full of perjury—I was opposed by the law Society—the affidavit is before Mr. Justice Coleridge.
(Witnesses for the Defence.)





JOHN LEWIS
. I live in Charlotte-court, Redcross-street, Cripplegate. I was clerk to Mr. Pepper—I left him on the 3rd of February this year He was occasionally in the habit of coming to the office, up to that time but not often—I know the prisoner very well, and I also know the prosecutor—I have seen him many times—I remember his coming to the office, for the purpose of raising money on some property of his—I was in the habit of entering his name in the day-book—I know that Rogers has at various times advanced him various sums of money—I cannot tell to what amount—I cannot say I have seen him make advances, but I have heard him ask for money-even in the absence of the prisoner he had often asked me if I could lend him 1s. or 2s.—I know Thomas Nicholson very well—I cannot say that I have seen him write—I have not seen writing of his that I have acted on—I never saw his writing—I have seen him at the prisoner's office many times—I have heard from the prisoner or prosecutor that he had the acceptance of Nicholson—I will not be positive whether Nicholson has ever been in the office, when the prosecutor has been there—I knew from the prosecutor that he had accommodation bills from the prisoner.

MR. CLARKSON
to
JOHN DAWSON. Q. Did you ever tell that man (Lewis) or saw in his presence that you had two accommodation bills of Nicholson's from the prisoner? A. Never—I told him I had two bills drawn on and accepted by T. Nicholson and Co., and that is all I said, that I had two bills, but not as accommodation.






JOHN LEWIS

re-examined. Q. Did you ever hear from the prosecutor at he had two accommodation acceptances of Nicholson's from the prisoner? A. Yes; I witnessed the execution of this deed by the prosecuter—(looking at it)—I believe these large figures, 298, were there when put his name to it—I have no reason to think they have been put there since—I saw him execute the deed—the property was advertised for sale—I quitted Jewin-court on the 3rd of February last—I have never been business there since—I do not remember ever seeing Nicholson write-saw him last Friday evening—I served him with a subpoena at No. 57, castle-street, Leicester-square, at a butcher's shop of the name of Bustini-had been for days and nights there watching for him before I could serve him—I had made efforts to see him before—I saw him three times before at, but could never get him to take the subpoena; nor did he take it then, was obliged to leave it on the butcher's block for him—Mr. Mead was with me to see the service of it—I have known Nicholson about three years.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Do I understand you to say the prosecutor told you he had two accommodation acceptances? A. Yes; the impression on my mind is that he used the word "accommodation."

Q. Now, in the hearing of the Jury, when out of the Witness-box, did not you say he did not use the word accommodation, while Dawson was being hamined? A. What I said, I believe was, "I am not positive it was accommodation"—I am not positive he used the word accommodation—I have been in the same office with the prisoner three years—I was Mr. pepper's clerk—the prisoner was Mr. Pepper's managing-clerk—I do not know whether I was the prisoner's clerk—he did not practise for himself—I was under his directions, and suppose he was under Mr. Pepper—I was at the prisoner's house before Mr. Pepper had anything to do with him—I was there when the prisoner practised for Mr. Warren—I was under he prisoner up to January, 1836—I was under him from March 30th, 835—I was under Mr. Warren, and the business was done in Mr. Warren's name—he is an attorney.

Q. Before you went to Mr. Warren, how did you get your living? A. was a draper originally—I was not a draper when I went to Mr. Warren 1835—I had been a publican, previous to that, in 1833—I had been doing nothing particular in those two years—I got my living on my own property-means I have got myself—I have got property in Tenby, in Wales—it is my daughter's, and she assists me with money when I want it—have no property of my own—I did not live wholly upon my daughter's assistance from 1833 to 1835—I got assistance from my friends, in one way or another-when I was a publican I kept the Three Tuns, in Brook-street, lost the licence, as I was absent from home, and some improper person insulted Mr. Laing of Hatton Garden—I do not know whether they were pickpockets, but I was told so, and the licensing day being very handy, Mr. Laing stopped the licence—I ceased to be a draper in 1816, when I was obliged to compound with my creditors.





WILLIAM MEAD
. I am a farmer, but have not been in business for some time. I lived at Ipswich—I know Thomas Nicholson—I have seen him Write—I believe this acceptance to be his—I saw him write at the Bull, in Jewin-crescent—I cannot say what he was writing—I know Henry May—I saw him serve that same Nicholson with a subpoena on the 10th of July last, at a quarter to ten o'clock at night—I have heard that Nicholson

lived in White Lion-street, but he was served at No. 10, Leicester-square—I cannot say whether that is a gambling-house—I afterward went with Mr. Lewis to serve him with a subpoena to attend this Sessions—I saw him then at the same place—we were waiting sometimes two hours, sometimes three, and sometimes four hours, before we could get an opportunity of serving him—we were there at night as well as day—we served him in a butcher's shop, in Castle-street, on the 17th of this month—we had been looking for him two hours that night, and frequently day after day, on the 21st and 24th of July, and the 3rd and 17th of August—I have known Nicholson since the autumn of last year.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. When was it you saw Nicholson write? A. cannot say the day of the month—it was in the autumn of lost year, a some time about November, at the Bull, in Jewin-crescent—the prisoner was there—I went there to take a glass of brandy and water with the prisoner—I only saw him write that time—he was writing on a sheet of paper-what it was I do not know—I did not read what he wrote, and never saw it afterwards—it was at No. 16, Leicester-square, we served the subpoena, inside the back gate, going the back way of the house, which is in Cranbourn-alley, I think—I have not been in any business for the last two years—I am supported by my friends—I left off being a farmer, finding it would not answer—I have not got my living in any way besides from my friends—I have known Rogers since October, 1836—I first met with him in Jewin-court—I went there, through an advertisement in the newspaper, on the recovery of property by means of a law-suit by Mr. John Pepper—that was my introduction to the prisoner—I lived at No. 1 Victoria-terrace, Woodbridge-road, Ipswich.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you quite sure that the Nicholson you served with the subpoena was the same as you had known since autumn? A. Yes.





HENRY MAY
. I was employed to serve a subpoena on Thomas Nicholson before the last Sessions—I fancied he was the man—I had seen him once before, but at the time I first saw him I did not know him to be cholson—I afterwards found it was Nicholson—I served him with a subpoena last Sessions through a court leading to the Panorama, in Leicester-square, No. 16, but there is a back-way to it—I have understood it to be a gambling house, but I do not know it—he received the subpoena from me.

MR. CHAMBERS. Q. Did you know him before? A. I did not, except two or three days previous, when I went to Leicester-square, and saw him in front of the house—I had a description of what sort of a man he was—that he was a short stoutish man, dressed in a green coat and velvet collar.





WILLIAM MEAD

re-examined. Nicholson is a short stout man, and wore a dark green coat.





JOHN LEWIS

re-examined. That was the dress he had on when I served him.
(THOMAS NICHOLSON being called on his subpoena, did not answer.)




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Coltman.
