




1296. 




MARGARET SINCLAIR
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
26th of February, 2 £10 Bank-notes, the property of 



Thomas Evans, from his person; and that she had been before convicted of felony; and 





HENRY FIELD



, for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS EVANS
. I am Superintendent of the Eastern Counties Rail. way, and live at Romford. About five o'clock in the morning of the 26th of February, I was in the neighbourhood of the Minories—I met the prisoner Sinclair at a coffee-stand in the street—she said, "Will yon have any coffee?"—I felt, and said I had no money—she said, "I will treat you with some coffee"—I said, "I don't want any young girl to treat me; I have money, but no change"—I then walked up Whitechapel with her, and came to the Elephant and Castle—she said, "They know me, I will Dot go in"—I went in, and said, "I will thank you to change me a £5 note"—the lady said, "No"—I came out, and Sinclair was waiting at the door—we then went on to the Coach and Horses—she said, "I will not go in here"—she stopped, and I went in—they would not give me change there—I came out, and then we went to look for another house—we came back to the Elephant and Castle—Sinclair said, "Yon can't get change there"—she met a policeman, and asked him to drink—he went with us to the door, but did not go in—I went into the Elephant and Castle, unbuttoned my coat, and took out of my breast-pocket two £10 and one £5 notes—Sinclair was there, and called for a glass of brandy and water—I presented the £5 note to the landlady—she could not give me change—I then put the two £10 notes into my breast-pocket again, and the £5 note into my breeches pocket—Sinclair then said she would treat me, and she took from her glove a half-sovereign, two half-crowns, and three shillings, and paid for the brandy and water—after I had put my two £10 notes into my breast pocket, I thought she was a little funny—she catched at my breast two or three times, pretending to tickle me—I said, "You will get your hand into my pocket presently," but I did not think she meant to do it—she then said, "I have got plenty of money, God bless you, I don't want your money"—I then buttoned up my coat—in a minute or two she said, "I want to go to the door; I will soon be in again"—she went out, and did not return—I felt in my pocket, and my two £10 notes were gone—I gave an alarm to the police—I had received the two £10 notes the night before from Mr. Burge, a contractor on the Eastern Counties Railway—I did not mark them myself, but I know they are the notes I had from him—I had no others.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Had you been dining out the day before? A. I had dined at Romford, and came to town that evening—I am married, and have a large family—I did not drink any thing before I came out—I came up with Mr. Barge at two o'clock, I believe—I got down at Aldgate, and went to the London-bridge Steam-packet wharf, where I had some business—I then walked with Mr. Burge up to Red Lion-square, to Mr. Philiips's—I came back with Mr. Burge to the Bull and Mouth—we had nothing to eat there, but I believe we had

a bottle of porter—I remained there perhaps half an hour—I cannot tell where I went to from there, as I was not acquainted with the place, but I was at the Rose and Crown about eight o'clock—I cannot tell what I had there—I drank a pretty good quantity—I do not remember what liquor I drank—I was not in company with any one there—I cannot tell how long I staid—I was not drunk, but pretty fresh—I do not remember at all what became of me when I went from there—I was, very likely, in other public-houses—I dare say I spent something at every public-house I went into—I know I was alone—I met many men and women in the course of the erening, and talked to them—I met no acquaintances, but I spoke to persons I met in the street, and talked to them—I received these notes about five o'clock the evening before—I received 30l.—I had not lost any thing before, to my knowledge—a girl ran away with my coat, but I did not consider that a loss, for I ran after her and got it from her before she got into the house—I did not lose a £5 note—my money was all right but the two £10 notes—I met the prisoner at five o'clock in the morning—I do not remember the woman who ran. off with my cost—she did not take a £5 note—I did complain that I had lost a £5 note, bat I found I had got all my mooey right—I was going to Stratford when I saw the prisoner at the coffee-stall—the first time I went into the Elephant and Castle I asked for change for a £5 note, bat I did not pull out any of my notes then—when I went into the Coach and Hones I pulled out the three notes, folded up, and put them back again—I then went up further, and then returned to the Elephant and Castle, where this tickling took place—there were several persons coming in and out there, bat I never spoke to any of them—I did not see any female there but the landlady, and I am certain there were no other females there.





ANN PHILLIPS
. I live in Back-road, Shadwell' On the 22nd of December last, the prisoner Sinclair took a lodging at myhouae—Field was in the habit of coming to and fro, and I believe be has slept there several tines—they resided there till they were taken up—I had seen Field there sometimes once a week, and sometimes oftener—they passed as man and wife—I did not ask Sinclair what she was when she took the room—I asked if there was any family beside her and her husband, and she said, "No"—on the morning the prisoners were taken a little before six o'clock, I beard some voices in their room—it was the voices of the prisoners—they seemed rather on the quarrel—I did not hear the words they used—nor did I see or hear them go out—they might have gone out, and I not heard them—I was not up till eight o'clock, or past.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you see Field first? A. After they commenced living there—I was not at home when they commenced living there—I have seen them together in the room repeatedly—I never saw Sinclair in company with any other man—there are four families in the house, working people; and several people coming backwards and forwards to different persons in the house—the voices sounded like the voices of the prisoners; but I would not like to swear it was not other people's—I never knew Sinclair to keep late hours—I did not consider that she was the wife of Field, I thought she was cohabiting with him—I some-times go to bed at eight o'clock—I do not know what time she came in or went out—I cannot swear whether other men came in with her of a night—I have frequently heard her there of a night.





WILLIAM WOOD
 (police-constable K 65.) I know the prisoners—I have seen them together frequently—on the 26th of February I was in High-street

Shadwell, and saw them about a quarter before seven o'clock in the morning—they went down High-street, Shadwell, in a direction towards the West-end of the town—about two o'clock the same day I came on duty again, and was in the same street—I saw Sinclair come home in a cab from the West-end, and the cab appeared loaded with goods—about six o'clock in the evening I received information, and about half-past nine o'clock I met Sinclair—I told her she was charged with stealing two £10 notes—she said, "Good God, you have made a mistake and taken the wrong person."





SARAH GEORGE
. My husband keeps the Sun public-house in Longacre. On Tuesday morning, the 26th of February, from seven to nine o'clock, Field came to my husband's house, for change for a £10 note—I refused him the first time—he came again, and asked me to give him change—I declined it again—and he came a third time—he said he was a market-gardener, he wanted to pay some money away, and should be very much obliged if I could accommodate him—he said any kind of change would do, either silver or gold, as he had 9l. to pay away—I was induced ultimately to give him change, 7l. in silver and 3l. in gold—I asked his name and address; he wrote on the note, but I was not able to read it; and I called to him as he was going out of the door—he said he would be back in a few minutes, but be did not return—I gave the note to my husband—be took it to Newgate-market, and paid it away to a salesman there—this is the note—(looking at it)—it is No. 39, 739.

Cross-examined. Q. Who told you it was Field that came to your house that day? A. Nobody—the first time I saw him at the office I was a little doubtful—I thought it was rather a taller person than him; but that doubt was cleared up the second time—I went home from the office, after the first examination, in a coach, with the young person who was in my bar and saw me give the prisoner the change—I did not speak to either of the other parties on this subject particularly—I spoke to the policeman who fetched me there, but not on this subject—he paid the expense of the coach, and I spoke about that—there was no allusion made to this object—I had not seen Field before that morning to my knowledge.

MR. DOANE. Q. At first yon had some doubt? A. Yes; I heard him speak after that, and I was sure he was the person—I have not the lead doubt now that he is the person.





LETITIA PAGE
. I live servant with Mrs. George. I remember Field coming to her for change for a £10 note, on the 26th of February.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you there on each of the three times he came? A. I was there the second and third times—on the first morning after leaving Lambeth-street, my mistress asked me was I certain that was the man—I said I was almost sure it was—I did not talk to any policeman about it—I only saw the prisoner once at our house, but I remember his image and his face—I was cleaning the taps at the bar that morning—when I was going home from the office, I said I was almost sure that was the man—the policeman told us his dress, and all that, and cross-questioned us—my mistress spoke to me, and asked if I recollected such a person coming for change for a £10 note—I said I thought I did—the officer said he had rather thick lips—I recollected he had—when I saw him I said, from the description, I was almost certain it was the man; and I looked at him a little bit, and then said he was the man—he bad a large coat on—I did not exactly examine the colour of it—it was folded over—I think he had a black hat on, I am not quite sure—I can swear to his face.


MR. DOANE. Q. You recollect him from his coming twice to your house? A. Yes—there are not many men who come for change for a £10 note—I am quite certain he is the man.





JOSEPH BRIDGE
. I live with Mr. Walmsley, of High-street, Borough, a pawnbroker. On the 26th of February the prisoners came to the shop between eight and nine o'clock in the morning to purchase this watch and guard-chain—(looking at them)—they bought a wedding-ring at the same time for Sinclair—Field paid 5l. 15s. in silver for the watch and chain, and I think Sinclair paid for the ring, but I am not certain—that came to 11s.—Field used to pledge at our house for two years before—he had pledged wearing apparel—I never asked what he was.

Cross-examined. Q. When had you seen Field before? A. Not for tome time—he had never come to bargain for a watch till that morning—I am certain Sinclair was the woman—I think she had the same shawl on she has now—she had a bonnet on, but I could not swear to it, not having seen her before—but haying seen a person once I know them again generally.





WILLIAM TINGEY
. I live with Mr. Huntingdon, of New-cut, Lambeth. On Tuesday, the 26th of February, Sinclair came to me, between eleven and one o'clock, to redeem a bed, carpet, and fire-irons—she paid 2l. 19s. 51/2d.





JAMES GEORGE
 (police-constable H 133.) On the 26th of February I was on duty in High-street, Whitechapel, and saw Sinclair with the prosecutor—I saw the prosecutor afterwards come out of the public-house—he complained that he had been robbed—he appeared to be sober then, and in consequence of what he said I went to look alter Sinclair.

Cross-examined. Q. What time was this T A. Between four and five o'clock in the morning—he had been drinking, but he was sober—he was at the Elephant and Castle.





JAMES CRAWIOKD
 (police-constable K 253.) On the 26th of February I looked out for Field, and found him in the Back-road, St. George's, where I was on duty—I had seen him several times before with Sinclair, and knew he lived in the neighbourhood—I said he was charged with a robbery, but I had not then heard what the robbery was—I had him by the arm, and he went quietly with me for about twenty yards—he then gave a sadden spring, struck me on the left side of the head, and ran down a street—I pursued—he was taken to the station-house—I found this watch and guard on him.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known him for some time? A. I had seen him several times—I had several times checked him and Sinclair for untimely hours—I asked him one night why he had his head out of the window, and he spat down at me—I asked him what he did that for, and walked away—that was all I said to him—I did not say, "I will have you the first time I catch you, you b—rogue, for what you did to me this morning"—I made no threat to him—I did not say any thing about having him, nor marking him, or remembering him.





ALLEN PIPE
 (police-constable H 51.) On the 26th of February, about six o'clock in the morning, the prosecutor complained of being robbed—he described a woman to me, and I looked after Sinclair—I had known her four or five years—I went to the prisoners' lodgings—I found a bed, fire-irons, a hearth-rug, a carpet, a set of brasses, a small key-hole saw, a centre-bit, three keys, and better than three pounds of pewter, a new bonnet in a box,

and a hat-box with no hat in it—Sinclair was not at home—I saw her afterwards in custody—I told her she was charged with robbing a gentle-man in Whitechapel of two £10 notes—she said it was impossible it could be her, for she had plenty of money—she had met a friend the night be. fore, who gave her a sovereign, and she had treated the gentleman with coffee and brandy-and-water—I saw a wedding-ring on her finger, which appeared to be new—I was at the office when Field was there—he said it first that he bought the watch and guard in the London-road with money that he had saved out of his earnings—that he had deposited it in his sister's hands, and drew it out, and bought the watch and guard, and he had bought his sister a wedding-ring at the same time—Sinclair was present.

Cross-examined. Q. Was this before the Magistrate? A. Yes—he stated that to the Magistrate—there were no depositions taken at that time.





JOHN BURGE
. I am a contractor on the Eastern Counties Railway. On Monday evening, I paid the prosecutor two £10 and two £5 notes of the Bank of England—in consequence of something I heard the next day, I went to Mr. Limpus, who I had received the two £10 notes from—he gave me a memorandum of the numbers of some Bank notes—I took a correct copy of it, but the original I have lost—it contained the numbers of four notes—I produce the memorandum—it is a correct copy.





JOHN LIMPUS
. I paid Mr. Burge two £10 Bank of England notes on Monday, the 25th of February—I took down the numbers—I had two other £10 notes—I took the numbers of the four notes on one piece of paper—I gave that paper to Mr. Burge.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you the slightest idea of the numbers of those notes you gave to Mr. Burge? A. No.

COURT
to
JOHN BURGE. Q. You received two notes from Limpus? A. Yes, and I received a paper from him—I copied that paper) and the original paper I had from him is lost—that I swear.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you copy that paper? A. On the following day—I had not the notes in my possession when I copied it—I lost the original paper from carelessness, I presume—I did not think it was of any consequence after I had copied it—I did not compare the notes with the paper—I had not the paper at the time I had the notes—I received the paper the following day—I had then parted with the notes—I cannot find that paper.

Q. You have taken a copy of that paper? A. I copied part of the paper—I did not copy the whole, because I thought it was useless.

MR. DOANE. Q. Why did you not copy it all? A. On the Monday I paid Evans the two £5 and two £10 notes—on the following day he made application to know the numbers of the two £10 notes—I went to Mr. Limpus, he gave me a paper with the numbers of two £5 and four £10 notes—I went to one person I knew, and found one of the £10 notes was in his possession.

MR. DOANE
to
MR. LIMPUS. Q. You bad four £10 notes, and two of them you paid to Mr. Burge? A. I did—I paid one of the others to Plowman, and one to Hill—the one produced by Mr. Phillips is one I paid to Hill—this other produced by Mrs. George is not the one I paid to Plowman I know, because I marked Plowman's name on the one I gave him—I do not know whether this one produced by Mrs. George is one of

the four I had unless it corresponds with the memorandum I gave Mr. Burge—I have no mark on it.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you have given away other £10 notes.
besides these? A. Not on that day—I had before, and hare since—I cannot say that this was ever in my hands at all, unless it corresponds with the memorandum.

MR. DOANE
to
MR. BURGE. Q. Look at this note, produced by Mrs. George, can you tell me whether this is one of the two you received from Mr. Limpus? A. No, I cannot—I made no private mark on it.

COURT
to
MR. LIMPUS. Q. Supposing it to be proved that that if a copy of the paper you gave to Burge, and suppose that to be the original document, look at it, can you tell whether that is the £10 note you gave him? A. No, my Lord, I could not.

MR. DOANE. Q. You have got the note you paid to Hill there? A. Yet—there were but four £10 notes paid, and this other is not the one I paid to Plowman—I have no mark on this other note, but supposing this to be the original paper, the number and the date of the note correspond.

Cross-examined. Q. Could you have recollected any thing at all about it, except from this memorandum? A. No—I had not the slightest recollection of the numbers of the notes—I cannot say that this is A correct copy of the memorandum—it is impossible.





THOMAS PHILLIPS
. I am a clerk in the accountant's office in the Bank of England. I produce two £10 notes paid into the Bank on the 5th and 7th of March—this one, No. 32739, was paid in on the 5th of March—it came from Barclay's.





SARAH GEORGE

re-examined. This is the note I received—I know it by the prisoner's writing on it—I gave it my husband—he paid it away.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner write before? A. No.





THOMAS POCOCK
 (police-serjeant F 13.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Sinclair's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was at the trial—she it the woman who was tried and convicted.

SINCLAIR*—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Ten Years. FIELD*—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Fourteen Years,

