





Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
1529. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SMITH, alias 
George Pink Smith





               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of September
, at St. Pancras, 1 coat, value 3l.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; 1 waistcoat, value 12s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 10s.; 1 tobox, value 1s.; 1 pencil-case, value 6d.; and 1 pocket-value 6d.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Monger
                        



                     
                  , in his ing-house; and 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 1l.; and 1 telescope, value 3s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Benjamin 
                           Derden
                        



.
WILLIAM MONGER. I am a painter
, and lodge at Mrs. Arnett's, No. 50, Cromer-street, Brunswick-square


. John Somers is the landlord I believe - he does not live there - let out in different lodgings - three lodge in my room, garden, myself, and Cotchett - the prisoner slept there senights - on Sunday, the 21st of September, Cotchett that him there to sleep - on Monday morning, the 22nd, up about half-past five o'clock - the prisoner was in room then - he slept with Cotchett - I hung my clothes and the door at night, when I took them off - a coat, waistcoat, trowsers, and handkerchief - they were there when on Monday morning - I took some money out of my weavers pocket - I went out directly I got up, and came back about a quarter before six o'clock in the evening - my clothes and handkerchief were gone then - the prisoner was there - there was a pencil-case in my coat pocket - I have seen that and a handkerchief since.
BENJAMIN DERDEN. I rent part of the room - I did not how the prisoner till he came to our lodging - Cotchett brought him there - he slept there on Sunday, the 21st of September, and on Monday morning I got up about six o'clock - when I went out, I left him in bed - I went out about half-past six o'clock, and returned about a quarter before six o'clock in the evening - he was not there then - I missed a pair of trowsers, four silk handkerchiefs, a penknife, and eye-glass - I had seen them safe on the Sunday morning, in a box in the room - I did not lock my box when I went away - it was there when I came back, but the things were all gone - I have seen a handkerchief and eye-glass since - say trowsers and handkerchief were worth 2l. 4s.


                  JOHN 
                  COOK
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, in the employ of Mr. Payne, of High-street, Chatham. I know Ann Hillyer - the direction given me was at Chatham, and I believe she lives at the Royal Oak) - on the 24th of September, she pawned two handkerchiefs and an eye-glass, and said she brought them from a person named John Smith - she pawned them for 3s. 6d. all at one time - I have them here.


                  ANN 
                  HILLYER
               



            . I live at the Royal Oak, Chatham. I knew the prisoner by his frequenting the house - on the 14th of September, he came to the house, and gave me two silk handkerchiefs and an eye-glass, and told me to go and lodge them where I liked - he did not tell me where to pawn them - I pawned them at Mr. Payne's, High-street- I brought him the money and the duplicate - these are the same (looking at them) - I had seen him at the house several times before.


                  THOMAS 
                  PRICE
               



            . I am a corporal in the 49th regiment, which was at Chatham in September. The prisoner was a private in the corps - I saw him on the 23rd of September, at Chatham - he had been away on furlough - he gave me a bundle to take care of for him - I saw two black handkerchiefs, and one corner of a handkerchief was marked "B.D." with white silk - I kept them for him till the following morning - he said his friends, or his sister, had made him a present of them - (looking at the property) I know this handkerchief and eye-glass - I cannot swear to the other handkerchief.


                  ANN 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live at the Cross Keys, Chatham. I know the prisoner by his coming to the house to drink - on the 23rd of September last, he gave me a pencil-case as a keepsake - I gave it to Fletcher, the officer - this is it.


                  THOMAS 
                  FARRANT
               



            . I lodged in the same house with Monger. On Monday, the 22nd of September, the prisoner passed me in the passage with two bundles under his arm, and went out - I was painting the passage - he appeared to be in a hurry.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I am a policeman. I have a pencil-case which I received from Farrant - I have had possession of it ever since.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing at all of it - Farrant did not see me go through the passage.




               GUILTY of Larceny only
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
