






1730. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WHEELER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     WARD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of September
, 1 pair of trousers, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Mote
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Appleford
                  



               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  HURLEY
               



            . I am a law-writer. I was walking by the shop of Mote and Appleford, and saw Ward walking away with these trousers - the two prisoners were together; Ward first put them under his coat, and then handed them to Wheeler - they were both near the door when Ward took them; they were hanging rather inside the door, and fastened by a string - I did not see them cut down; I told Mr. Pyatt of it, and the prisoners were stopped in Exmouth-street - Wheeler threw the trousers and a pair of scissars away from him; Ward was taken in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour - there was no cry of Stop thief! they ran when the officer was in pursuit.
Wheeler. I was coming from Covent-garden, where I had been to buy some walnuts - he cannot say he saw me at the door. Witness. Yes; I saw him go, and ask the price of a handkerchief - I swear Ward gave you the trousers as you turned the corner.
Ward. He never saw me near the place. Witness. Yes - I am sure he is the person I saw walk away from the shop with the trousers.


                  MICHAEL 
                  RADFORD
               



            . I am an officer. On Wednesday, the 8th of September, a person told me he believed Wheeler had taken a pair of trousers; I crossed, and got within a few yards of him - he had them under his arm; he ran, and threw them down with a pair of scissars - I took him; he said he had picked them up - I asked why he ran; he said he was startled at the time - I took him towards the station, and my brother officer was called to take Ward.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BRYMER PYATT
               



            . I am in the employ of 
               
                  William 
                  Mote
               



             and John Appleford; the witness told me a pair of trousers had been stolen - there is a mark on them; they were on the door-post.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  MOOR
               



            . I am a constable. I took Ward; I saw Wheeler throw down the trousers - Ward was walking down Coppice-row; the witness said he was the man he saw at the door.
Ward. I was going to Smithfield - I was never in his company at all.



                  THOMAS 
                  HURLEY
               



            . I am quite positive he was the person.
Wheeler. I never ran; I stopped when the officer touched me.
WHEELER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
WARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
