





1761. 
               
                  
                     MATILDA 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of September
, 3 sovereigns; one 10l. bank note,and one 10l. Bank post-bill, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ellis 
                           Stockbridge
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ELLIS 
                  STOCKBRIDGE
               



            . I came from Melbourn, in Cambridgeshire. On the 7th of September I was at Hadley, near Barnet


; at half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I met with the prisoner, as I was going to take the gate off a field, in which were four horses, which I had to take from that fair to Harley-bush - I had not known the prisoner before - I had two 10l. notes, five sovereigns, a crooked 6d., and a pearl button, in my purse, in my watch-pocket - I had no watch; the prisoner and I were talking together some little time - there was another girl with her, one was on one side, and the other on the other; we had been together five or ten minutes; I gave the prisoner 1s. out of another pocket - not the one my purse was in - I turned into another footpath, near the Magistrate's house, and then missed my money - the other girl had then nearly turned from me; I told the prisoner she had picked my pocket; she gave me my purse, and said, there was my money - I said it was not right; I took it into a shop, and found the notes, the button, and crooked 6d., in it, but the sovereigns had been taken out, and five farthings put in instead of them; I still kept hold of the prisoner; I left my purse at the shop, and took her to her lodging; where she said she could find the person who had them; when we got there, she wished me to take her things while she went and got the money - I said they were of no use to me; I then went with her to Barnet, in search of the other girl - we went into a public-house, and there made inquiries for her, but in the room of her coming, seven or eight fellows came and tried to rush her away - I got her into a booth, and gave charge of her - I have never found the other girl, nor the sovereigns.
COURT. Q. How did she get it? A. I do not know; I did not unbutton my breeches - I had the purse in my hand, going down Barnet.
Prisoner. I said I would make the money good, because he frightened me so much; I would have parted with the last stitch of clothes I had to do it.


                  JOSEPH 
                  RICHES
               



            . I am a grocer, and live at Hadley. Between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, the prosecutor brought the prisoner to my shop, and accused him of the robbery; I saw the two 10l. notes and the purse in his hand, and five farthings, instead of sovereigns; she said she would make them good.
WILLIAM HARRIS. I took the prisoner; this is the purse.
ELLIS STOCKBRIDGE, This is my purse, sixpence, button, and notes.
Prisoner's Defence. He said he had lost his purse; I stooped down, and picked it up from the side of his foot- I said, "Here is your purse;" I believe he threw it down of his own accord.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
