





759. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SHEFFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of April
, 5 books, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Chidley
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  SCOTCHMER
               



             (police-sergeant G 125). On the19th of April, about eleven o'clock in the forenoon, I was on duty in White-cross-street - I saw the prisoner at the corner, talking to a young man - the prisoner had these books under his arm - he looked towards me, and walked into Beech-street - I followed, and asked where he got the books - he said in Chick-lane, where he bought them - I said I did not believe him, and took him to the station - in going along, I again asked him where he bought them - he said, in Petticoat-lane - I asked if he could show me the person - he said no; but it was a young man, about eighteen years of age - on the 22d of April, when we were at Worship-street, there was something mentioned about a flannel jacket, and the prisoner said he never wore one; but on the Tuesday and Wednesday before I had seen him with one on.
JOHN CHIDLEY. I am a bookseller
, and live in Goswell-street


. These books are mine - I had seen them a day or two before - I missed them along with some others - I am quite positive they are mine - they were a distance inside the shop quite sufficient to protect them, unless some person had reached a great way in - they are a translation of Klopstock's Messiah.


                  ALFRED 
                  WALKER
               



            . I am twelve years old - I know the nature of an oath - I am errand-boy to the prosecutor - on that Friday evening I saw a boy come in and take this bundle of books from the little counter - I never saw him before - I think he was taller than the prisoner, and dressed in a flannel jacket; but I could not well see how tall he was, as he was kneeling down - this was on the Friday night, and on Saturday morning the prisoner was taken.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going down Petticoat-lane to make an exchange for my coat; I saw these books selling by a boy about eighteen years of age; he was showing them to a parcel of Jews. I asked what he wanted for them: he said a shilling. I said I would give him ten-pence for them, and I bought them. The next morning I was going along with them, and was stopped. I had borrowed the flannel jacket to wear for a day or two, while I had this coat repaired under the arm.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
