





1574. 
               
                  
                     FREDERICK 
                     WORSELDINE
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of August
, at St. Bride, 1 painting, value 20l.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Everingham
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  EVERINGHAM
               



            . I am a picture-dealer
, and live at No. 3, Bride-lane, in the parish of St. Bride, Fleet-street


 - it is my dwelling-house - I have been there fifteen months - the prisoner's father lodged in my house, and he used to work for his father - I had this painting of Belshazzar's feast in my room - I missed it on the 3rd of September, and it was traced to the pawnbroker's - the prisoner was taken into custody on account of this picture.


                  CHRISTIANA 
                  EVERINGHAM
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. I remember this painting being in the room - my husband kept the key - the padlock was always found locked.


                  RICHARD 
                  JENNINGS FORD
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Russel, a pawnbroker. This picture was brought by the prisoner to pawn - he asked 8l. for it - he said it belonged to 
               
                  John 
                  Baxter
               



             - I suspected it was stolen, and told him to go and fetch John Baxter - he went and brought a person who I knew was not John Baxter - I refused to give it up, and they said they would summon me - the officer afterwards came for it.


                  ROBERT 
                  MASON
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and went and got the painting.


                  CHARLES 
                  EVERINGHAM
               



            . This is my painting - it cost me upwards of 20l. - a young man painted it for me in my house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
