





625. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  HART
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        George 
                        Mortimer
                     



                  , on the 3d of March
, at St. Thomas-the-Apostle


, and stealing therein 1 coat, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        Bartholomew Norden 
                        Hindes
                     



.
2nd COUNT. Stating it to be the dwelling-house of Bartholomew Norden Hindes and another.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RORKE
               



            . I am servant to Lee and Co., who live at Nos. 14 and 15, St. Thomas-the-Apostle. On the morning of the 3d of March I was cleaning the window of master's house, and saw the prisoner standing by the side of Mr. Mortimer's house at Mr. Hindes' door - I do not know the number - I saw another man go into the house, bring a coat out under his arm, and give it to the prisoner, - I followed the prisoner, and saw him put it on - he went up the steps of the house, and came down again without going in - the door was closed - the other man walked up to the door and opened it - I do not know how - I followed them as far as the foot of London-bridge - the prisoner was secured - I gave information to the officers, who took him.
Prisoner. He said before the Lord Mayor, that I was at the corner of the street, twenty yards from the house, and never went near the house. Witness. He was about a yard from the door when the other came out and gave him the coat - he had been walking up and down the street - it was the shop door his companion opened.
BARTHOLOMEW NORDEN HINDES. I live at No. 8, Great St. Thomas-the-Apostle - Mr. George Mortimer keeps the house - I am a lodger - he pays the rent and taxes - I do not exactly know the name of the parish - I had a coat hanging up at the end of the shop, by the side of the kitchen door - the outer door, I understand, was open, but the shop door was shut - my coat was within the shop door - it must be opened to get at it - I cannot be positive that the shop door was closed.


                  MARY 
                  ANN GULLICK
               



            . I live in this house, and was at home when the coat was taken - I know the shop door was shut - nobody could get to the kitchen without going through the shop door - I had shut the shop door myself ten minutes before - it was not locked - the street door was open - I was up stairs.


                  THOMAS 
                  COWLES
               



             (policeman No. 40). I know this house is in the parish of St. Thomas-the-Apostle - I took the prisoner in charge - when he got to the station-house I asked where he got the coat - he said he bought it the week before in Petticoat-lane - he had it on.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met the other man in the street, and bought the coat of him. I was not within twenty yards of the house.




               GUILTY of Stealing only
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
