







869. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     THOROGOOD
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     GLOVER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ESTHER 
                     HOWELL
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of March
, 9 yards of cotton
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Greenwood
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  ROE
               



            . I am shopman to 
               
                  William 
                  Greenwood
               



            , linen-draper, Farringdon-street. On the 31st of March, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoners came into the shop together; Howell asked to see some printed cottons, which Mr. Greenwood showed her, in my presence - she bought a yard, which came to 3 1/2d., and paid for it; this cotton was on the counter - I told Mr. Greenwood I had my suspicions, and he stopped them in the shop, and said he suspected they had taken something - they denied it; they were brought further into the shop, and while a person was sent for an officer, Glover dropped this piece of cotton from under her dress - she had not asked to see any thing; I took it up - she said she had not dropped it, but I saw it drop from her.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  CRAWLEY
               



            . I am a constable. I received the prisoners in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Howell's Defence. He called us back. and asked if we had the print - I saw him pick it up between the two counters.
Glover's Defence. He went to the window as if to take something out, then came back, and took up the print from between the counters.


                  JOHN 
                  ROE
               



            . I was not a yard from her, and I saw her drop it.
GLOVER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
THOROGOOD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
HOWELL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
