



32. 




CATHERINE PURCELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of September, at 
St. James's, Clerkenwell, 1 pearl necklace, value 30l.; 2 diamond rings, value 10l.; 2 gold chains, value 10l.; 1 gold bracelet, value 5l.; 1 cornelian necklace, set in gold, value 3l.; 2 brooches, value 1l. 10s.; pair of ear-rings, value 1l.; 1 watch, value 2l. 10s.; 1 rosewood dressing-case, value 5l.; 8 pairs of stockings, value 1l.; 2 collars, value 5s.; 2 scarfs, value 5s.; and 5 yards of ribbon, value 2s., the goods of 



George John Parry, her master, in his dwelling-house.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY PARRY
. I am the wife of George John Parry, and live in Warren-street, Pentonville, in the parish of St. James, Clerkenwell. I am the daughter of the late General Brooks—the prisoner came into our service on the 7th of January—I had a sister, whose husband was abroad in February—she died on the 30th of March—I attended her up to the time of her death—she had a rosewood dressing-case containing a variety of jewellery—after her death I collected the articles belonging to her, and put them into her dressing-case—there was a pearl necklace worth about 20l., two dia-mond rings and other articles, worth altogether between 50 and 100l—Mr. Clark, the brother of my sister's husband, had sealed the dressing-case in my presence, put it into a leather case, tied a piece of red tapeover it, and I brought it to my own house, and placed it in my bed-room—I had no idea of its having been opened up to the 22nd of September, the prisoner continued in our service, and on the 22nd of September she asked leave to go out—I said, "You may go out, but don't be gone six hours"—she said she should not be gone more than five minutes—she went, taking the key of the streetdoor with her, and never returned—I did not suspect any thing till about a fortnight after—I then lifted up the case, and found the rosewood box and its contents gone—my children were aware of the contents of the dressing-case—they very often talked to the prisoner about it, and I heard her say, if she had one of the diamond rings she could make her fortune, and she would go to Ireland—I did not hear any thing of her till October, when I found her in possession of clothes which she had not when with me—I have since seen a gold watch, ear-rings, and brooch, which were in the dressing-case—this is part of the property lost—(looking at it.)

Prisoner. Mrs. Parry's sister had three boxes in the house, and I have known Mrs. Parry have keys made to open them and take out the articles.

Witness. I had keys made to them to examine them at times, in case they should be moth-eaten—there were India shawls, and other things in them.






WILLIAM SHORT
. I am head constable of the constabulary of Galway, in Ireland. From information I received on the 16th of October, I went to Dunmow in that county, and found the prisoner there at her father's house—I asked if she had been in England—she said, "Yes"—I asked if she had lived with Mr. Parry—she said, "Yes"—I said some property was taken from Mr. Parry, and I was come to search the place as she was suspected—she denied having any thing—I searched the house, and found the duplicate of the watch in her possession, pawned at Liverpool on the 25th of September—I found the ear-rings and brooch in a box which she said was hers—she said she bought the brooch and ear-rings for 10s., and that she bought the duplicate of a man who went to France—I also found some new clothes—I brought her to town—I went to Liverpool with the duplicate, and got the watch—Dunmow is better than 400 miles from London—she might have got there for about four guineas.





JAMES MILLER
. I am an inspector of the N division of police. On the 31st of October the prisoner was brought to me by Short—I found in her pocket this paper, which purports to be a brief of "The Queen on the prosecution of J. S. Parry against Catherine Purcell, case on behalf of the prisoner, &c. "—she told me she had got it from an attorney at Tuam gaol.





WILLIAM SHORT

re-examined, Tuam would be in the prisoner's way from London to Galway—I knew the prisoner before she was married, but not since—she is a widow—her father and mother are industrious people.
(MR. CLARKSON
stated that the brief contained all manner of imputations against the prosecutor.)





GEORGE JOHN PARRY
. I am the husband of the first witness. The prisoner was in our service from February to September—there is no truth whatever in the imputations contained in this brief—I never took any improper liberties with the prisoner, nor did I give her the property.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
