



2114. 




WILLIAM WESTBROOK
 was indicted

 for feloniously receiving, of an evil-disposed person, on the 
9th of April, 29 milk-washers and plugs, value 3l.; 2l. valves, value 6l. 10s.; 1 pump, value 4l.; 6l. other washers and plugs, value 8l.; and 29 boiler screws, value 4l.; the goods of 



Russell Pontifex; well knowing them to have been stolen.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






RUSSELL PONTIFEX
. These are all new articles, (examining them,) and are my property—they are such as I lost—they have never been sold—this pump is unfinished—I never sold one in that state in my life—I can swear to the work of it—I missed these things in March, 1838.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you put these pumps up? We sell them to be put up, but this is not complete for sale—the leathers are not cut off, and it has to be painted blue before it goes out.





EDWIN BROWN PONTIFEX
. I am the prosecutor's son. I know some of these articles—I know this is our pump—Fuller and I took away some of these milk washers, about December, 1837—Fuller helped me take them to George Westbrook's, and he gave us 5s. a piece—I saw Fuller take some of them—there might have been a valve beside the washers—Fuller put a two-inch pump through the window, to a person who he said was George Westbrook, but I did not see the person—it was not this pump, it was smaller.





JAMES LOCK
. I live at Peckham, and am a plumber, glazier, and painter. I have known the prisoner two years and a half or three years—

on the 9th of April last I bought some brass goods of him—these are some of the goods, and this pump—I bought all he had got—I did not look if they were all new—I gave him 20l. for them—here is the receipt I took from him for it—I saw him write it—I bought some brass of him afterwards—I do not know the day nor the month—he said he wanted money very badly, and he had taken them in exchange for a bad debt—Mr. Shackle and Mr. Pontifex came and fetched these things away—I never secreted them—I have used a few, from eight to ten cocks, perhaps—they were the same sort as these.

Cross-examined. Q. Are these the things you use in your business? A. Yes—these milk-washers are not very often used in our place, it is true, but, being a little lot, that was altogether, I took them in that shape—it is a plumber's business to put them up—I should never have seen Mr. Pontifex, had it not been for a very respectable man of the name of Frazer—William Westbrook and Mr. Frazer came to me, and that led to Westbrook letting me have these things.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Is Mr. Frazer here? A. Yes—the prisoner is the man who told me he had taken these things in exchange—plumbers put up these milk-washers.





GEORGE SHACKLE
. I am an officer. I went to Mr. Lock's on the 2nd of July—I found these articles on his premises—he gave me every information a man could give, and bears a respectable name.

Prisoner's Defence. I lent my brother 39l. or 40l., and I took these good is for it—I lost 13l. or 14l. by them.
(John Lawrence, an attorney, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.
