





760. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     STRONG
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March
, 3 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Mostyn
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MOSTYN
               



            . I live at No. 23, Castle-street, Southwark, and am a waterman
; I ply at the Temple stairs, and act as a supernumerary watchman in the Temple. On the 26th of March I received my pay, which was 3l. 4s.; I met the prisoner at the Temple stairs that afternoon - I took him to a public-house in Wych-street


, and treated him with a quartern of gin and some porter - I fell asleep about a quarter before three o'clock, and awoke at half-past seven; I then found my clothes unbuttoned, and my money gone - I had about 3l. 3s. when I went in; there were three sovereigns among it - the prisoner was then gone; - I afterwards had him taken; when I first took him to the public-house he said he had no money, and I gave him some halfpence to fetch some tobacco - I told him I had received my money that day, and no one else knew it.
Cross-examined by Mr. ADOLPHUS. Q. What time did you go to the Sol's Arms with him? A.About a quarter before three o'clock; I was able to know what I was about - some other person might come in there while I was asleep; the prisoner is a waterman at the same stairs that I am - there were two modest young women in the public-house; when I missed my money I went home - I saw the prisoner the next morning, and told him of my loss; I did not go and have any refreshment with him; I gave him in charge, but the inspector discharged him, not having sufficient proof to detain him - I then went to his house, and staid there perhaps an hour; I had him taken again the same day by the Thames Police-officer - I asked him for my money when I went to his house after he had been discharged; I did not search his place.


                  FRANCES 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live in Clement's-lane; my husband is in the employ of a master-tailor. I was in a gin-shop in Pickett-street, between four and five o'clock, on the 26th of March - the prisoner came in rather intoxicated; he said he had left Mostyn asleep; I knew Mostyn - there were several other persons in the gin-shop; the prisoner said to me,"Fan, will you have a drop of gin?" I said I did not mind if I did; he went to the bar, put his hand into his pocket, and brought out three sovereigns and three shillings; he changed one of the shillings, paid for the gin, and four of us drank of it - I went with the prisoner to a club to which he belongs, at the Rose and Crown, New-walk, Whitefriars, and there he took two sovereigns out of his pocket to give me some halfpence to get something to drink.
Cross-examined. Q. You are married? A. Yes, and I have three children; I was not at the Sol's Arms at all - I saw the sovereigns in the prisoner's hand, but I did not touch them.


                  ANN 
                  TOLLETT
               



            . I keep the Rose and Crown, Whitefriars; there is a Turnway Society kept there. On the 26th of March the prisoner came there to pay his club-money; I went to give him a light to go up stairs; Smith asked him to give her some money to get something to drink till he came down, and he pulled out two sovereigns.


                  HENRY 
                  CHRISTOPHER
               



             PULLUM. I live at No. 36, Fetter-lane; I am steward of the Turnway Society - it is the Temple watermen's society. On the 26th of March the prisoner paid me 4s. 8d. for himself, and 2s. 4d. for his father; he changed a sovereign to pay it.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am a Thames Police-surveyor. I took the prisoner at Pitt's-place, Bankside; I told him it was for robbing Mostyn of three sovereigns and 3s., and that he had changed a sovereign at his club - he said that belonged to his father, but he afterwards said he got it from Mr. Clark, a barrister, in the Temple, for rowing him: I said, "You were seen with other money;" he said, "I had no more - them that says so are liars."
Witnesses for the Defence.


                  MARTHA 
                  RICKARDS
               



            . I am the prisoner's landlady. - On the night of the 26th of March he came home very much intoxicated between eight and nine o'clock at night; I assisted his wife to get him up stairs, and when he got up he fell off the chair; I was present when his wife searched his pockets - he had a half-crown, a crown, and two bright farthings; he had no other money about him at all - I have one of the farthings here - it is very bright: by candle light, and amongst silver, a person might mistake them for sovereigns: he gave this farthing the same night to my little girl, and sent the other to buy some tobacco - this is a great deal duller than it was.
COURT. Q. Did the prisoner owe you any thing? A. Yes, 5s. 6d., for three weeks' rent, and his wife paid it me that night; I have known him carry bright farthings about him often.
- LANGLEY (Police-constable M 117.) On the morning of the 27th of March I went to the prisoner's house, about twenty minutes past six o'clock; I searched every part for money, but I found none but 3 1/2d. on his person; I did not search his wife - he was taken to the station, and discharged.
COURT. Q. I suppose these two women were not examined then? A. No; I saw Rickards - she did not produce this farthing to me, nor has she since - I was at her house this morning, and she did not mention it.


                  MARTHA 
                  RICKARDS
               



             re-examined. Q. When did you first learn that the prisoner was seen with two sovereigns? A.When the officer came on the 27th to take him - I opened the door; he asked if Strong was at home - I said Yes; the prosecutor then went up stairs, and came down with the prisoner: the officer asked him what he had done with the gold he had been seen with the night before - he said he had no gold but what he had paid at his club; I did not say they must have meant the bright farthings, but I said I had seen his wife search his pockets, and she found no gold - I did not mention about the farthings, except at the solicitor's.
Prisoner. When I went from home I knew it was my club night; I brought a sovereign with me from home - the prosecutor and I had been at variance for five months, and when I got to the water side he pushed me about, and said he had got his money; at length he prevailed on me to go and drink with him at the Essex Head - he then took me to the gin-shop, where 
               
                  Fan 
                  Smith
               



             stands and drinks gin from morning till night - we had some gin there, andthen went to the Sol's Arms; there were two women there whom he seemed to know - we had some beer, and he gave me a sixpence and some halfpence to get some tobacco; when I returned he was hugging one of the women, who called herself Young; a man then came in, who called him Thomas, and he told him he had better go to sleep: I then left, and went to the gin-shop, where I fell in with this 
               
                  Fan 
                  Smith
               



            .


                  THOMAS 
                  MOSTYN
               



            . I did not go to any other public-house but the Sol's Arms.
H. C. PULLUM re-examined. To the best of my recollection I gave him three half-crowns, but no crown - I gave him some shillings, and I think a sixpence; I gave him 13s. in all.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
