



810. 




SAMUEL WULFF
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
6th of February, at 
St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, 1 watch, value 10l.; 1 neck-chain, value 3l.; 1 locket, value 5s.; and 1 watch-key, value 5s.; the goods of 



Eliza Lawes, in her dwelling-house.






ELIZA LAWES
. I am a widow, and live in Felix-street, Hackney-road The prisoner lodged at my house—on the 6th of February I lent him my gold watch, with a gold chain, locket, and key, attached to it—the watch is worth 10l., the chain 3l., the locket 5s., and the key 5s.—I lent it to him to show to a lady named Reynolds—he returned it to me the same evening—we went to prayers, and after prayers I left the room, leaving the watch on the table—next morning, between seven and eight o'clock, I went up stairs, and the watch was gone, and the prisoner also—I saw him again about nine o'clock the same day, and asked him for the watch—he said he had not seen the lady the day before, and he had taken it to Mrs. Reynolds to lend to her—I had him taken into custody, and the watch was produced—it is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green.





SARAH ANN REYNOLDS
. I know the prisoner—he never showed me the watch, nor did he leave one with me at any time—I know nothing about the watch.





JOSEPH HARRIS
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce the watch and chain which the prisoner pawned on the 8th of February for 6l.

Prisoner's Defence (written.) I was born in Denmark, of Jewish parents, who apprenticed me to the business of a watchmaker. I invented a vessel to move upon the waters without the aid of steam, masts, or sails. The model which I constructed was greatly admired, and I was advised to visit some of the cities on the Continent, in order to dispose of

the invention. Lord Oxsted and Marshal Haugh gave me this advice. I visited Gottingen, when Professor and Hoffraad Gaus, and Dr. Stern, strongly recommended me to come to England. At Hanover Professor Hausmann, and Lord and Minister Wish, gave me the same advice, as did also Secretary Simson. I also visited Cassel, where Professor Henshell, Professor Rothschild, and Sir F. Breithaupt reiterated the same. I accordingly came over to this country, between two and three years ago, and found myself an entire stranger. I had not been more than a fortnight in London before I had all my papers stolen from my pocket; but, providentially, I saved my money upon that occasion. After being some time here, without any prospect of succeeding in disposing of my plan, I determined to return to my own country, and set off, with intention of taking shipping at Liverpool; but, passing through Oxford, I obtained employment from a David Cohen, a Jew, as a watchmaker. I ultimately set up in business for myself; and, during the time I remained there, was converted to the Christian faith, and was baptised there in the month of May last, by the Rev. Mr. Champneys, the present rector of St. Mary's, Whitechapel. I found I could not get on in my business, and was at length arrested, and confined in Oxford Castle for debt, at which place I took the benefit of the Insolvent Debtor's Act in November last. I returned to London, and obtained assistance from the "Society for promoting Christianity among the Jews." My invention was still uppermost in my mind, and I at length met with a party with whom I entered into treaty for the disposal of the same, which treaty was to have been ratified, upon highly advantageous terms, the very day after I was taken into custody upon the present charge. I throw myself into your hands. My character, up to the present time, has been without a blemish. Even Mrs. Lawes, the prosecutrix, must do me the justice to acknowledge that it was without complaint. I freely admit having pledged the property, but do most solemnly avow that it was not done with any dishonest motive, but simply to enable me to carry on the negotiation to which I have alluded; and with the full determination to redeem them immediately upon the same being brought to a conclusion. With respect to the manner in which I became possessed of the watch belonging to Mrs. Lawes, I borrowed it from her to show to a customer, and on the same evening I supped with Miss Rogerson and a Dr. Gerstmann in her apartments. Previous to supper she excused herself, on the ground of indisposition, and went to bed, leaving the watch still in my possession, as either of the two latter individuals could testify, so that it is wrong to say I took it from the table.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(See page 701.)
