





661. 
               
                  
                     LOUISA 
                     NORMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of January
, 1 purse, value 6d., and 11 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Williams
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I live in Philpott-street, Commercial-road. On Saturday night, the 7th of January, I saw the prisoner in Holborn, at a quarter before twelve o'clock; she asked me to go with her to a house; I turned, looked at her and desired her to leave me, which she did, but when I got about one hundred and fifty yards further, she came up again, and requested me to go with her - Ihad my coat on my arm, and an umbrella in my hand; she took hold of my arm; I said, if she did not leave me, I would charge an officer with her - I then went on till I got to St. Andrew's-church; she came to me again, opposite a lamp; I again told her to leave me; she looked angrily at me; I crossed to evade her, but she still kept with me till we came to a little court just beyond Farringdon-street


; she rather pushed me round the corner, then put her hand into my left trousers pocket, and pulled out my purse - I am a little afflicted with paralytic on my left side, and I could not take hold of her, but I tried to follow her as she ran off - I slipped and fell down, with my face in the mud - I got up, and still pursued till I lost sight of her - on the following Monday I was going up Holborn-hill, and heard two women saying that Louisa Norman had had a good chance on Saturday night; I went to the station-house, in Rosman-street, and gave information; the inspector sent one of the men with me; we went to No. 2, Pheasant-court, Gray's-inn-lane; we found the prisoner and two other women in the second floor front room - I identified her immediately, and I am quite sure she is the woman who had accosted me and taken my purse, which had eleven sovereigns in it; I know they were safe just before; the prisoner said that was not her room, she lived over-head; the officer search the room; the prisoner stood near the fire-place, and I saw her hand up to her bosom - I said, "What a pity it is you have got yourself into such a situation" - she said,"No pity at all" - the officer had searched the room, but found nothing - I said to him,"Now you must search her, and he found in her bosom a purse, which was not mine, with two sovereigns and a half, and 3s. in it; she then said,"I am the woman that robbed you" - I said,"Yes, you know you are" - she then said, "If you will wait till tomorrow evening, I will give you two sovereigns and a half more; we then asked for the purse, and she called to a woman, who brought up my purse, and gave it to the officer; she acknowledged it was the purse which had contained the eleven sovereigns.


                  GERALD 
                  McCARTHY
               



            . I am an officer. I went with the prosecutor, on the 9th of January, to No. 2, Pheasant-court; this money was found on the prisoner, as Mr. Williams has stated; she then said she had robbed him, and was sorry for what she had done - if he would only overlook her fanlt, she would let him have 2l. 10s. the day following - I asked what she had done with the purse; she said I should have that another time; I insisted upon having it then, and she called Mary Austin, and told her to get it, which she did.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the purse, and know nothing about the money; what I had was given me by a gentleman, for the support of me and my child.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
