



1822. 




THOMAS COOK
 was indicted

for embezzlement.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.





JANE EYRE
. My husband's name is Isaac—he lives at Hickman's Folly, Dockhead, Bermondsey, and is a carpenter—the prisoner's master was a baker, and the prisoner served us with bread twice a-week—on Tuesday, the 6th of last March, he brought four loaves as usual—I paid him 5s. for eight loaves, four that day, and four on Friday.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you paid him before?—A. Yes; that was the last time.





MARY SHAVE
. I am the wife of Charles Shave. He keeps the Turk's Head, Wapping—the prisoner served me with bread for his master—he delivered the bread every day-in the beginning of March, the prisoner came, and I paid up every thing—I do not owe his master any thing now—I paid the prisoner regularly—I never had a bill.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you pay him at the time the bread was delivered? A. Yes, always, unless I was busy, I then paid him the next day—I suppose I paid him for two half-quartern loaves—I forget what was the price of bread then.





RICHARD ALLEN
. I keep the Dundee Arms, Wapping. I was supplied with bread by Mr. Fincher during March—the prisoner brought me bread—I paid him sometimes, and sometimes my wife—I always paid him or caused it to be paid—I do not remember any time particularly.





JAMES FINCHER
. I am a baker in Wapping-street. The prisoner was in my employ at the beginning of this year, and had been long before—he was employed to carry out bread and receive money—he was to account to me or my grand-daughter—on Tuesday, the 6th of March, he accounted for no money received from Jane Eyre—I have not received any money from the prisoner for two years—my grand-daughter kept the account—the prisoner had been in my employment rather better than two years.





ELIZABETH HART
. I am the grand-daughter of the prosecutor. It was the prisoner's duty to account to me for money he received during the day, at the close of each day—he did not account to me on the 6th of March for any money received from Jane Eyre, nor since.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ask him for any from Jane Eyre? A. Yes, I asked him if Mrs. Eyre had paid him on the 6th of March, and he said she had not.

(John Smith, a baker, of Anchor and Hope-alley, Wapping; William Matthews, baker, Battle-street, Commercial-road; and John Rivett, a builder and undertaker, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
