





475. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     RUSSELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of December
, 2 live tame fowls, price 4s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Robert Lill 
                     De Burgh
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  STONE
               



            . I am gamekeeper to Mr. De Burgh; he keeps fancy fowls. On the 24th of December I saw them all safe in the pheasant-house about three o'clock in the afternoon; it was then dark - I went again on Sunday, the 25th, before day-light, and as soon as it was light I missed six fowls - these are two of them; I have no doubt the persons had got up one side of the pheasantry, and got in at the roof - the prisoner is a labourer
, and lived at Harmondsworth, about two miles off.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Was it not dark when you left them on Saturday? A. Yes; they went to roost early - there was a place for the fowls to get out at, but I could see a man's footstep inside; I was standing just outside the door when the constable and my master found these fowls dead in the prisoner's bed - I do not know whether the house belongs to him or his mother, but he slept there.


                  JAMES 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am constable of Harmondsworth. On the day after Christmas-day I went to the house; I have known the prisoner ever since he was a boy - he was over at the public-house; I told him he must go along with me, I had a warrant to search his house; he said he had not the key of the house - I said, "But the place where you sleep" - he said he could get in there; he took the key, and opened the door - Mr. De Burgh told me to stand at the door while he got a light; he then told me to go in and search the place while he stood at the door - I went in; the bed was just by the door - I found in it these two fowls, which I brought out, and gave to Mr. De Burgh.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you not know that the place belonged to his father and mother? A. The house belongs to his mother - his father is dead.
THE REV
. ROBERT LILL DE BURGH. These are my fowls - they are pheasant bantains; there are none such within fifteen miles of my place - the keeper gave me information. I went and found them at the prisoner's as stated; his mother lives as housekeeper to a man - these were not found in her house, but a barn adjoining, which is the prisoner's own.
Cross-examined. Q. Will you undertake to swear that the woman never goes into the residence of her son? A. I do not know who pays the rent, but I know that the barn is to all intents and purposes the son's residence, and he confessed to me that it was his residence - I do not know that he is a poacher; I do not believe he ever took any of my game.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
