






1536. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     SCOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of October

, 1 truck, value 2l. 10s. the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Thompson
                        



                     
                   - and that he had been before convicted of felony
            ; and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     WARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing it to have been stolen
            , against the statute, &c.
ROBERT THOMPSON. I live in Ram's-buildings, French-alley, Goswell-street; on the 23rd of September, about seven in the evening, I left my truck in Black-horse-yard



, where I have been in the habit of leaving it, and pay 6d. a week for it; this was on Saturday night, and when I went for it on the Monday morning it was gone - I go by the name of black Peter in the market - as soon as I missed it I went down St. John's-lane - I saw Mr. Ward with the truck - he had the linch pin out and the washer off; I went to him and said, "What are you going to do with that?" he said, "What is that to you;" I walked a little way and he bolted off; I ran after him up Eagle-court, and secured him - he said, it was his truck, I said, it was mine; I tripped up his heels and he tried to get away, but I struggled with him till we got down to Cow-cross, where a boy got an officer - he had continued to resist me all the time - my name had been on the truck, but it has been taken off - it was worth 3l. to me.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Did you not see the truck again on the Saturday evening, after you put it up? A. No; not till the Monday morning - I do not know David Friend - many persons know me but I do not know them - I did not go to Ward's house on the Saturday night; I called at his door on the Monday night, to ask for my dog's harness - I do not know 
               
                  John 
                  Dentish
               



             - they know me but I do not know them.
Q. Did you say to anybody "I will take care not to hurt Ward, we can make matters up, for money goes a great way?" A. No; I did not, nor anything of the kind; I never said, that if Ward's wife would give me money enough to go to America, I would not prosecute her husband, nor say anything more about it.


                  JOHN 
                  BARLOW
               



            . I lodge at my mother's, in Black Horse-yard - I was working in the stable on that Saturdaynight, where the prosecutor keeps his truck - a man came into the yard between seven and eight o'clock, and asked me where Thompson was; I did not take any notice of the man, I only saw his back; he came again, when he came back from the house, and took the truck away, but I did not take any notice of him; I never saw him.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  FULLER
               



            . I was at the Black Horse-yard that Saturday evening, and I saw the prisoner Scott, come into the yard, that was the second time, he said"He says I may have it;" and he said he had two bedsteads to take to Mr. Ellis, and as they were awkward to carry, he was going to take both at once; I asked him where black Peter lived, he told me some place, but I don't recollect where; he then took the truck away.
JOHN BARLOW re-examined. Q. Did you hear a man say "He says I may have it?" A. Yes; and I had heard the voice of a man that evening before, but they were not the same.


                  RACHEL 
                  STOLE
               



            . I am daughter-in-law of the prisoner Ward - I saw him buy the truck of Scott on the Monday morning; I saw him give him some money, but I don't know how much.
Cross-examined. Q. What time was it? A. Between eight and nine o'clock - they were in the shop, and any one could see them; there was a gentleman in the shop at the time, and he must have heard their conversation - I heard Ward say he did not want such a thing just then.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am an officer - I took Ward in Peter-street, Thompson had got hold of him, they were then standing very quiet, and a mob of people round them; I saw no marks of their having been scuffling; Ward asked me to let him go home, I said I could not.


                  RICHARD 
                  BAYLIS
               



             (police-sergeant G 5). I produce a certificate of the conviction of the prisoner Scott, which I got at Mr. Clarke's office; I know he is the person.
George Scott. I can say nothing to clear myself - but Ward is innocent.


                  JOHN 
                  DENTSH
               



            . I am a butcher, I lodge at Ward's - I know the prosecutor, and he knows me, by sight; I saw him at Ward's on the Monday evening, they had a pot of half and half drinking between four of them, and were all friendly together; the prosecutor said he would not hurt Ward if Mrs. Ward would say he should have his property back again; Mrs. Ward made him no answer.


                  DAVID 
                  FRIEND
               



            . I was at Ward's house on the Monday evening, Dentsh was there, and my wife came in, we were all there together, the prosecutor had first been to my house and asked where Ward lived, and my wife directed him - I heard him say, "As I have got my property again I will not hurt the man; we can make matters right - money goes a great way."
MRS. FRIEND. I am the daughter of Mrs. Ward - I was there, and heard the prosecutor say that if my mother would give him money enough to go to America, he would not hurt the man.


                  Richard 
                  East
               



            , 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Collins
               



            , 
               
                  George 
                  Paul
               



            , 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Henley
               



            , 
               
                  William 
                  Freeman
               



            , and 
               
                  William 
                  Bowden
               



            , gave Ward a good character.
ROBERT THOMPSON. I had not given Scott permission to take the truck on that Saturday evening; I had not seen him - I went to Ward's house on the Monday evening to ask for my harness, but did not drink with them - I drank with Dentsh, but did not know his name.
SCOTT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
WARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
