



1960. 





JOHN HAYTER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 2nd of August, 1 sovereign, and 1 half-sovereign, the monies of 




Peter Ross, his master.






ANN ROSS
. I am the wife of Peter Ross, he is writer to Mr. Dixon, an architect. The prisoner was in my service—he came about Christmas, and remained with me—my name was then Martin—I have been married since—he was my servant at first, to carry out goods—I keep a glass and chine shop—I paid him 12s. a week—on the 1st of August, I gave him a sovereign and a half to go out to fetch some goods with—the money was not marked—he did not return till next morning—I then sent him to fetch the things from Mr. Phillips.' on Oxford-street, which I had given him money for the day before—(looking at an invoice) this is the bill for the goods I ordered him to get—he never gave me the money back—he was almost tipsy in the morning.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You gave him 1l. 10s. to fetch the goods enumerated in this invoice? A. Yes; he brought the goods next day—here is a receipt on the bill for the 30s.





JOHN ROBINSON
. I am servant to John Phillips, and been no seven years—I believe the prisoner came to our shop on the 1st or 2nd of August, but I did not serve him myself—this bill has never been paid—the receipt is not my hand-writing—there is no other John Robinson in the house.

Cross-examined. Q. How do you know it was never paid? A. I know by the books—I did not see the prisoner at the shop—he has got the goods, and I know the bill has not been paid.





WILLIAM HOOKER
. I am a policeman. I took him into custody—I received this bill and receipt from the prosecutrix—Mrs. Ross said the charged him with forging some bills—I searched him, and she said, "I have been robbed to the extent, of 40l."—the prisoner said, "Not quite so much as that;" and in going to the station-house, he said, "Do you think I shall be transported?"—I said I could not tell—he said, "It is all through bad company that had brought me to this."





ANN ROSS

re-examined. I received the bill and receipt from the prisoner, with the goods.




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported For Fourteen Years.
There were three other indictments against the prisoner.
