





1914. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     HELE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October
, 17 watch-guards, value 22l.; 10bracelets, value 5l., and 1 pair of stockings, value 7s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Townley
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .


                  RICHARD 
                  TOWNLEY
               



            . I am a hair-worker and jeweller
, and live in Cursitor-street, Chancery-lane


. The prisoner has been in my employ since the 23rd of August - he was my warehouseman and clerk
; he had the care of my books and goods - I had reason to suspect him, and on the 12th of October, at eight o'clock at night, he left me, without giving any notice - I went to several pawnbrokers, and found my property; he did not come home to sleep on the 12th, and on the 13th I took him into custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live in Drury-lane. I have a hair-chain, pawned on the 24th of August, and a pair of stockings on the 3rd of September, by the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  WILCOX
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, of Long-acre. I have a hair-chain, pawned by the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  BRADLEY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a hair-chain, pawned by the prisoner.


                  THOMAS 
                  WALTER
               



            . I live in High Holborn. I have a hair-chain, pawned by the prisoner, I believe.


                  HENRY 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a hair-chain, pawned by the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MARCHANT
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I produce a hair-chain, pawned by the prisoner.


                  ELIZA 
                  RACKSTRAW
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's service. I missed these stockings from the wash.
MR. TOWNLEY. I never permitted him to pawn this property - I have no doubt of its being mine - I am the sole manufacturer of the chains.
Prisoner. It is quite useless to make a defence, the evidence is so clear; I have nothing to do but to recommend myself to the Mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
