




1955. 




RICHARD ADAMS
 and 




JOHN MILLER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
7th of August, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 



Daniel Harrison, from his person; and that Miller had been before convicted of felony.






DANIEL HARRISON
. I live in Whitehall-gardens. I was standing at a picture-shop in the Strand, on the 7th of August-a witness told me some-thing, and I missed my handkerchief from my pocket—this is it—(looking at it)—I had used it in the Strand just before.





FREDERICK HURREY
. I live with my father. I was passing by the picture-shop—I saw Adams take the handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket—he put it into his own pocket, and both the prisoners walked away together—I had not seen them together before they took it—they walked straight, and both went down a turning together—I am sure they are the men—I followed them, and told a policeman, and they were taken within five minutes.





WILLIAM HOWARD
 (police-constable F 94.) I met the prisoners walking and talking together—I took them—the little boy Hurrey said, "The right hand one has got it," and I found this handkerchief in Adam's hat.

Adams's Defence. I picked the handkerchief up.





FREDERICK HURREY
. No, he picked it out of the pocket.

Miller's Defence. I was going to look for work, this prisoner came and asked me to direct him, and I said I would.





CHARLES SEAWARD
. I live in Great Wild-street. I have known Miller two years-his father, his brother, and he, worked with me-Miller has home a good character, from what I have known of him—I have trusted him about the premises—I have not seen him for the last three or our months-before that I saw him every day with his father—I do not know that I must have known if he had been here before—I saw him

every day till within the last three or four months, as near as my memory serves.





JOHN PIKE
 (police-constable F 105.) I produce this certificate of Miller's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner Miller is the man.

ADAMS—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—



Confined Three Months


MILLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(Seaward was committed to prison.)
