



834. 





CHARLES TURNER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of February, 6 spoons, value 6l., the goods of 




Mary Ross.






MARY ROSS
. I am a widow, and live at No. 1, Adam-street East, Manchester-square. I keep a silversmith's shop—I have known the prisoner twelve months—he is a tailor—his father keeps a fruiterer's shop in Park-lane, Piccadilly, opposite Gloucester House—his father has plate of me occasionally—on Tuesday, the 13th of February, the prisoner came,

to my shop and asked for half-a-dozen table spoons, and half-a-dozen dessert spoons, which his father would want for two dinners—I asked when I could have them back; he said not till the latter end of the week—he came back in half an hour, returned the dessert spoons, and said the table spoons would be sufficient, and that I could not have them back till Saturday or Monday—the prisoner did not return to me—the father came to me, and gave me, a letter which contained the duplicates of the spoons.





HENRY WILSON
. I live with Matthew and William Filmer, pawnbrokers in South Audley-street. I produce half a dozen table-spoons, pledged with them on February the 13th—there was 3l. 10s. advanced on them—the same person who pledged them came again the next day, and requested as much more as he could have on them—I lent him 5s. more—to the best of my belief it was the prisoner—I should not like to swear it—he gave me the name of Charles Ross, and said he lived at No. 1, Adam-street East, and was a housekeeper—I asked who he brought them for—he said they were his own—this duplicate is the one that was given—(looking at it)—I have the counterpart of it—it is the one. I delivered to him the second time.





MARY ROSS

re-examined. These are my spoons—(looking at them)—they are worth 6l.





JONATHAN TURNER
. I am a fruiterer, and live at No. 5, Park-lane, I occasionally go to assist at dinners—I have hired plate of Mrs. Ross—the prisoner is my son—I did not send him to get plate of Mrs. Ross, on the 13th of February—my daughter received a letter addressed to neighbour, enclosing one to Mrs. Ross, which contained the duplicates—the letters were both my son's writing—(read)—
"MADAM—I know not how to write to you on the present occasion, but I can assure you that it was from want, and not from depraved principle, I was induced to come to you last week; having been out of work, and not having any clothes fit to go after a situation, and not being able to borrow any money from any person, I was tempted to obtain the plate on hire from you, which I have pledged: it was indeed at the sacrifice of my liberty, but I hope you will forgive me. I do assure you I will, with God's assistance, repay you in a short time. Madam, I pray for you forgiveness, and call God to witness that I will use my utmost endeavours to repay you with all possible speed. Madam, I know not how to apologise further for what I have done, than by craving your forgiveness, and I again assure you that I am telling the truth. Madam, if you will forgive me, I shall feel for ever bound to pray for you, and your welfare,"

"CHARLES TURNER."





GUILTY.* Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

