



2052. 




JOHN MALYON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of June, 17 forks, value 6l.; 30 spoons, value 14l.; 3 printed books, value fo.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; and 1 stock, value 1s.; the goods of 



Thomas Newman Farquhar, in his dwelling-house.—2nd COUNT, stating the property to belong to 



Elizabeth Farquhar.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






HENRY GODDARD
. I am an officer. In consequence of information I received, I went to No. 14, Ebenezer-row, Kennington, on the 11th of

last May—I found the prisoner there—I told him that Mr. Farquhar had been robbed of a considerable quantity of plate—I told him who I was, and, under the circumstances, would he allow me to search his place—I searched in his desk, and found these two lists of plate—(producing them)—I asked him whether they were his hand-writing—he said they were—I then asked him to accompany me to Mr. Farquhar's, in Broad-street, City—he came with me, and when Mr. Farquhar saw the two lists, and compared them with the lists left in the plate-chest, both figures and hand-writing exactly corresponded—he said so to the prisoner, and gave him into my custody—I went over to his lodging again next day, and found several pocket handkerchiefs, shirts, knives, forks, and various articles, which were claimed by Mr. Farquhar—there is the same water-mark and the same name on the lists found in the plate-chest as on those found in his house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I suppose hundreds and thousands of reams of paper are made by the same man? A. No doubt—these two lists were given to me by Mr. Farquhar—three lists were found upon the prisoner's premises—one I found afterwards—I was directed to his lodging by Sutton, Mr. Farquhar's servant.





THOMAS SUTTON
. I am in the service of Mr. Thomas Newman Farquhar, of Abingdon-street, Westminster. I have known the prisoner some time by his living as footman with Mr. Morrice, my master's relation, in the Regent's-park—the servants at the two houses became acquainted with each other—since he left Mr. Morrice's service he has been constantly, for the last three months, coming to my master's house—on the 9th of May I put the plate Into the chest—it had been taken out on the 8th for a party which my master had—I found it all correct by the lists which were in the plate-chest—it was the plate which Mr. Farquhar's mother had sent, and the lists were in Mrs. Farquhar's hand-writing—the prisoner was there when I put it away, and helped me to clean it—I kept the key of the plate-chest in a writing-desk over the stable—I kept it in my pocket for several days before I put it away—he knew where I kept it—on the 10th of June I went to the chest, and missed the things—I did not find the same lists there as I had left there on the 9th of May, but two fresh ones in a different hand writing—one of the two other lists was in a young lady's handwriting, and the other was Mrs. Farquhar's writing—the plate left in the chest nearly corresponded with the lists that had been substituted—seventeen large spoons, eleven small forks, and other things had been taken away.

Cross-examined. Q. Did your master entrust you with the key of the plate-chest? A. He did from the 8th of May till I missed the plate—I kept it in a writing-desk—the prisoner knew where I kept it, and where the plate was—no one knew but him, that I am aware of—I never put the plate away before any body but the prisoner—I never went to the plate-chest but this once—a man named Plum comes to see one of the female servants, and visits her down stairs—I do not know whether it is with my master's knowledge—he never forbad my having a friend to see me—I am not aware that he knew of Plum's visits—I was not always at home when he came—he generally came once a week—he might have come oftener—I am not acquainted with the man—I have spoken to him, no farther—I never sat and drank with him—I have seen him in the house for two or three hours together—I do not believe he has ever staid all night—he never visited me in the stable.





WILLIAM MORRICE
. I live in Cornwall-terrace, Regent's-park. The

prisoner was once in my service—I gave him a written character when he left, as I thought well of him—I know the man named Plum—he is a clerk in a house of business, and is a respectable person—I believe these two lists to be in the prisoner's hand-writing—I can have no doubt about it.

Cross-examined. Q. How often have you seen him write? A. Not very often—I have seen him write—I have had receipts from him—I have seen him write twice—once was about the beginning of 1838, when he brought me an account and signed a receipt, and once, about September, 1837, when he also wrote his name to a receipt, or it was brought to me with his name to it—I did not see him write it—he generally brought them ready written—I did see him write his name in 1838, and I may have seen him writing in the kitchen—I did not see what he wrote—I merely saw him using a pen.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are these lists in his writing, according to your belief? A. I can have no doubt of it—the prisoner was about a year and a half in my service—he used to write for me at times in my order book—I carried on the business of a wine-merchant in St. Mary Axe—while he was in my service he was in the habit of bringing me little accounts, which were generally written by himself, and which I have acted on—I have no doubt these lists are his writing.





THOMAS NEWMAN FARQUHAR
. I live in Abingdon-street, Westminster. The books, handkerchief, this stock and shirt, produced by Goddard, are mine—I never gave them to the prisoner, or permitted him or any one else to take them—I have never been able to find any of my mother's plate—she went into Devonshire in April, and sent me her plate-chest—there was a list in it containing an account of the number of articles in it—I believe there are six silver forks, eighteen large spoons, twelve dessert spoons, and eleven small forks missing—it is my dwelling-house and in the parish of St. Margaret's—my mother's Christian name is Elizabeth—I believe the plate is worth somewhere about 15l.

Cross-examined. Q. This book I see is the first volume of a work? A. Yes, I have the other volumes at home—I have not the least doubt it is my book, and this Gazetteer also—there is no writing in either of them, but I think the first page has been taken out—these handkerchiefs and shirt had my mark on them, but they have been taken out—this French dictionary is also mine.
(MR. PHILLIPS, on the prisoner's behalf, stated that he took the books for the purpose of reading, but denied all knowledge of the plate.)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—Of Stealing, but not in the dwelling-house.—


Transported for Seven Years.
