





808. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FRANKCORN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of April
, 120 yards of silk, value 18l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Hitchcock
                        




                     
                   and another
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the 8th of April I saw the prisoner in Union-street, Spitalfields - he came out of a coach near the Grapes, and had a bag with him; I asked him what he had got - he said, "If you will come with me you shall see;" I said "Where did you bring it from?" he said "From Turnstile, Holborn" - I went into the Grapes with him; he asked the lady if she would take it in - she refused; he said,"You know Thomas Lackey, don't you?" she said "No, I know 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Blackey
               



            " - she then took it in; I let the prisoner go then, for it was the first case I ever had - in consequence of what I afterwards heard I sent 
               
                  William 
                  Dyke
               



             to look for him; I am certain he is the man I saw -I described him to Dyke.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. How do you know it was the 8th of April? A. Because I was on duty and took particular notice of it - I was not on duty on the 9th or 10th; it was half-past three o'clock in the afternoon - it is a great thoroughfare; only one person got out of the coach, and that was the prisoner - I did not notice the wheels of the coach; he did not say he was employed to take it to the Grapes - he went in there and I followed him; he did not say he was directed to leave it there for Mr. Lackey - the lady said she thought it was all right; and I lethim him go, as he appeared to have done all that he said he had to do, to leave the parcel there - I said to the landlady, "I don't think it is all right;" - he was taken up about two hours afterwards; I had never seen him before, but I took particular notice of him.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How was he dressed? A. He had a red night-cap on that day; I saw the bag opened by the inspector, and it had these two pieces of silk in it - a man might carry them without a coach.


                  SARAH 
                  BOWEN
               



            . I am landlady of the Grapes - I have seen the prisoner once or twice; I do not recollect whether it was the 8th of April, but I was in my house with the witness when a bag like this was left by the prisoner - Mr. Heron came and took it; it contained two pieces of silk like these.
Cross-examined. Q. What was done with the bag? A. It remained there about two hours, and then the superintendent and two officers took it.
COURT. Q. Are you sure the prisoner brought it in? A. Yes, and he said it was to be left for a gentleman of the name of Blackey.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DYKE
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the 8th of April I went to the Grapes with an inspector - I got this bag and have had it ever since; I afterwards took the prisoner, at the Prince of Wales, in Wentworth-street.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you go with the superintendent? A. Yes, the bag was taken from the bar to the section-house; the superintendent kept it there till last Tuesday when I went and got it - it is the place appointed to put such things in; I can swear to the pattern of the silk and to the bag.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you take patterns of the silk? A. Green did in my presence.


                  THOMAS 
                  SLOPE
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's employ - I know these two pieces of silk; I saw them in the morning of the 8th of April, the day before Good Friday, about nine o'clock - I looked for them afterwards and they were gone; the patterns of them were shown to me on the Saturday morning - I have no doubt they are my master's.
Cross-examined. Q. Is there any thing particular about the pattern? A. Yes, it is rather singular - we never had such a pattern in our house before; it is French silk - more of it may be imported, but I never saw either of the patterns before - we have between twenty and thirty persons in the shop.
GEORGE HITCHCOCK. I am one of the firm - I have only one partner
; this is our silk - it has our private mark on it, put by my partner; this other is not marked - we lost two pieces like these exactly in quality and quantity.
Cross-examined. Q. What is your Christian name? A. George - these had been in the silk-warehouse, the upper shop; they were missed about five o'clock in the evening - they are brought into the shop by day, and were very near the door about three in the day, and a young man was showing them; I think it very possible the prisoner might have come in without being observed by our men, we have so many people.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You cannot tell whether the prisoner might not have been outside to receive it, or whether he kept that night cap on all day? A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking up Holborn - a gentleman stopped me, and said, "Don't I know you? did you not work for Mr. Tate?" I said Yes; he said he had a parcel to deliver if I would take it in a coach to Union-street; I took it there, and the officer stopped me - I said I did not know what I had, but if he would walk a few yards he would find; I went and asked the lady if she knew Thomas Lackey - she said, "I know Thomas Blackey," she said, "Is he a tall dark man?" I said Yes - she said "I dare say it is all right" - I left it there; the officer came to me, and said he was not altogether satisfied - I said, "You will see the person presently."



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
