



1986. 




JULIA KEATING
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
12th of August, at 
St. Mary, Islington, 7 sovereigns, the monies of 



Lydia Catherine Lemoyne, her mistress, in her dwelling-house.






LYDIA CATHERINE. LEMOYNE
. I am single, and live in Canonbury-lane, in the parish of St. Mary, Islington. The prisoner was my cook I left home on the 12th of August, and went to church—I returned in the middle of the day—I went to church again in the evening, and when I returned, found the prisoner intoxicated in the fore-court—she was brought in and put to bed, and after counting my money in my box, I found seven sovereigns had been taken away—the box was still locked—I believe I had left my keys in my room, but I am not exactly sure—I sent for a constable—we went into the prisoner's room, and found six sovereigns and nine shillings and sixpence in her pocket—she was taken to the station-house—I found my keys hanging in a drawer in a chest in my own room.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Had not you left them there? A. I do not know—I might possibly have done so—I had seen them last before I went to church in the morning—I found them in my drawer after the morning service—the housemaid was at church in the morning—my sister lives with me—we keep a school—we share the profits of the school,

but the seven sovereigns were my own, and not connected with the school—I had counted my money on Saturday night, the last thing before I went to bed—it was in a common wooden box—the money taken was my own—there were forty-two sovereigns in the box; eighteen were in a purse, and there were six papers, each containing four sovereigns-five of the papers had been opened, and one sovereign extracted from each—it was not joint property—the prisoner was insensibly drunk.





ANN BECKWITH
. I am the prosecutrix's servant. I was at home on this Sunday—I found the prisoner drunk, and took her to bed-her pocket dropped—I took it up, and the policeman was sent for.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you at home all the evening during your mistress's absence? A. I was at church in the morning—I was at home in the evening—the prisoner went out to go to church, and I saw no more of her till mistress came home, and found her drunk in the fore-court.





JOHN GIBLETT
. I am a policeman. I was sent for, and found the prisoner lying on the bed, drunk—I found a letter in her pocket—after she dressed herself, I took her pocket from under her pillow, and found six sovereigns, nine shillings and sixpence in silver, and sixpence-half-penny in copper, in it.




GUILTY
. Aged 43.—


Transported for Ten Years.
