



1046. 



THOMAS BROWN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
8th of April, 2 shillings, 2 pennies, and 2 halfpence, the monies of 



David Genese, from his person.






DAVID GENESE
. I am of the Jewish persuasion, and am a glass-cutter. Last Friday night, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I felt in with a girl, who accosted me just by Shire-lane—I took her to No. 7, Shire-lane up one pair of stairs—I was sober—I remained with her four or five minutes—I had agreed to give her any money—where I had been in the room four or five minutes somebody came to the door—I had taken no liberties with the girl—I wanted to leave the room—she would not let me, and put her back to the door—she wanted me to give here the money first—I tried to get away, and she called out some name—the prisoner and five or six woman came up and surrounded me—the prisoner stood in front of me, and said, "Why don't you pay the girl?"—and felt my waistcoat pocket—when he found which pocket the money was in be put his hand in—I caught hold of his hand, but he got my money out—and he and the women threw me out of the room directly, and nearly threw me down stairs—when I got to the bottom of the stairs I was thrown out of the door into the lane, and the shut—a policeman came, by, and I told him what had happened—I said I should stop, though the policeman went away—he came back in about twenty minutes, and at that moments the prisoner came out with a hot poker—i laid hold of it, but, feeling it warm, I let it go, and the policeman took him into custody—the prisoner struck me when he came out of the house—the women in the room were all pulling me, some one way and some another, while the prisoner took my money—he took two shilling and some half-pence—I had one shilling left—I held the shilling in my hand, at the bottom of my pocket.

Prisoner Q. Am I the person who came into the room? A. Yes-you had no coat at the time—I said at the station-house that you might have had drawers on—I did not mention about a waistcoat.





WILLIAM SIMMONDS
. I am a policeman. I was on duty, and saw the prosecutor—he appeared to be sober—he told me he been robbed of two shillings, and was turned out of the house; and in about ten minutes after I took the prisoner into custody—I never saw him before that night—he had his great coat on when I took him—it is a b—u-house—I found one shilling on him and thirteen duplicates.

Prisoner I have witness in my defence.






ELIZABETH WILLIAM
. I am single, and live at no. 7, Shire-lane. It is a lodging-house for girls to live in—they out the rooms for girls—I live in the first floor, and have done so for the last three months—I met the prosecutor in Fleet-street, just by Temple-bar—he cam up and said "Where are you going?"—I said, "Home."—he said, "Have you got a room of your own?"—I said, "Yes"—and took him up-stairs—he said he would give me two or three shillings, instead of which he only gave me one shilling—he had satisfaction for it, and then tried to wrench the shilling out of my hand because I would not let him stop any longer—he caught me by the throat—I hallooed out "Murder"—and two or three young women came up stairs, and young man came up, but that was not the prisoner—the prosecutor could not get the shilling from me—he threw me down violently—I don't know the young man's name who came up—I never saw him before—he was in his drawers and shirt—he was quite a stranger—he came down and pulled the prosecutor away from me, and took his hands from my throat—the prosecutor tore my shawl all to pieces—the young man is here—i will swear the prisoner was not there—I did not see him—he was not there at all—he never came of the house—there was a violent knocking at the door, and he went to know what was wanted—he was stirring fire, and went to ask what was the matter—I did not run down stairs till he was taken in charge—I never saw the poker—no man went to the door with a poker, that I saw—there are poker in all the rooms—there was no fire in my room—only one of the girls are here, as I could not tell who they were hardly—the prisoner was not in the houses at all—I can swear he was not there—I can, indeed—I had my shilling after all—the man took no money from the prosecutor at all—he took my shawl and pulled him away from me—the prosecutor did not lose a halfpenny—nobody took hold of his waistcoat pocket—I never saw the man before.






GEORGE WEST
. I am a coach-trimmer, and live in Great New-street, Fetter-lane. I work there now—I was in this house, in Shire-lane, with a young woman who is behind—she was quite a stranger—I was at the top of the house, in bed and asleep—I went to bed about ten o'clock—(I was in the house once before—i do not know one of the girls)—I was asleep, and heard a tremendous noise, and call of "Murder"—the young woman said, "For God's sake go down, and see what is the hatter"—I put on my trowsers, and pushed the door open—I ran in, and he got this woman down, and nearly strangled her—I got between them and parted them—I said, "What is the matter?"—he said, "I gave her a shilling, and I will have it back again"—the girl said, "You shall not"—I said, "Do not have a piece of work here"—there were blows struck amongst them, but I kept the blows off him, and off the girl—another girl came in, and I kept the blows off for peace—they both fought like devils—I kept them off, and said, "You had better go away young man"—I said, "What have you got round your arm?"—he had the girls's shawl—I said, "Go away; I will see you shall not be hurt"—the shawl was given up, and I saw him safe out of the room—I was in my drawers—I never saw the prosecutor in my life before—as soon as I put him of the room, I went up-stairs again, and do not know what happened afterwards—I went to sleep, and heard no more of the case—I came down with nothing but shirt and drawers on, and had no waistcoat or night-cap on—the prisoner's hair is black—I have light hair—I was never in a row before in my life, but I do not like to hear a female call murder—I saw no poker—there was no fire in our room—I was never in the other rooms—there was no fire in the girls's room, nor any poker—there might be a poker and tongs, but the poker never stirred out of its place—i did not take the poker myself—that happened down stairs—the prisoner was in the house down stairs—I never saw him. but it appears he was in the house—it appears that he went out and struck the man—i will swear the prisoner was not in the room at all—I believe he was in the room down, stairs, in the parlour; because, when the prosecutor knocked at the door, he went out to know what was the matter I have been told so but I never saw—i have been to the house since I left my address there, in case I should be wanted on behalf of the innocent man—I left word where to come to me—the prosecutor was not robbed at all—he gave a shillings, and wanted to rob the girl of her shawl—I did not turn him out—I never went down stairs—I did not go to the street door.
---- ----. I am an unfortunate girl, and live in Shire-lane. I know the last witness, by his being with me Friday night—I met him in Fleet-street—I had seen him once or twice before, but not to know his name—he only slept with me one—Friday night was the first time I had any thing to say him—I have spoken to him in the street before, but nothing further—I was never with him in that house before—I am quite sure of that—except seeing him in the street, he was quite a stranger to me before I met him—about ten o'clock there was a great noise, and I directly said there is murder being called—he put on his drawers, and went down stairs—he was down stairs a quarter of an hour—when he came up he told me what bad passed down stairs—I kept in bed—I did not get out—I know the prisoner by this living down stairs with his wife in the parlour—I never knew anything further of him than peace and quietness—I never saw any harm of him—I do not know what age his wife is: she is older than I am—she is not the mistress of the house—I pay rent to the lady next door—she rents two houses—I cannot tell how his wife gets her living—they live in the parlour—I dare say they have a poker is their room—I have been there a month—he lived there before I went—I cannot say how many girls were in the house at the time, for I was not out of my bed—there are about seven rooms in the house, I think—I lodge up-stairs, at the top of the house—the door of the house is always open, for people to come in and out.





DAVID GENESE

re-examined Q. Did you give the girl any money at all. A. No; I did not—it is all false about the shilling—the prisoner came out with the hot poker just as the policeman came up, and passed it across my face—I am sure he is the man who rifled my waistcoat pocket—he is the man who came in with the woman, and surrounded me—the man who had the poker is the man who had the money out of my pocket—it is impossible to mistake the witness for the prisoner—I saw no man in the house but the prisoner—I was perfectly sober.





WILLIAM SIMMONDS

re-examined I saw the prisoner with the poker.

Prisoner I can account for having the poker in my hand—I was going to bed—there was a knocking and kicking at the street-door—I was stirring the fire to go the bed, and went to the door, but not with the intent to do the man any mischief—I opened the door, and said, "What are you doing at the door"—he directly said to the policeman, "I have been robbed of 2s"—I did not take the poker with a view of burning him—I was not up the stairs, nor near the stairs—I work for Mr. Mason, of Newgate-market.




GUILTY
—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
