



1675. 




ROSE HUGHES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
3rd of July, at 
St. Luke, 13 sovereigns, the monies of 



George William Stephens, in the dwelling-house of 



Walter Clarke; and that she had been before convicted of felony.







GEORGE WILLIAM STEPHENS
. I live in New-court, Brick-lane, in the dwelling-house of Mr. Walter Clarke, and in the parish of St. Luke. On Monday night, the 2nd of July, the prisoner called at the huose to see a lodger, and she remained there all night—the next morning, about eight o'clock, I was sitting in the kitchen, reading the paper, and heard some one locking my box, which was up in my bed-room, and contained a pocket-book, which had thirty or thirty-one sovereigns in it—I went up stairs immediately after, and found the box locked, as I had left it—soon after I went to it again, and opened it with the key, which I got from my wife, and twelve or thirteen sovereigns were gone from the pocket book—only a few minutes had elapsed between my hearing the box locked and my missing the sovereigns—no one was in the house but me and the prisoner—she had not gone) Away—when I missed the sovereigns I went to the prisoner, and she denied it—I got the officer.





JUDITH STEPHENS
. I am the prosecutor's wife. The prisoner was in the habit of coming to see my brother—I saw her there on the night of the Coronation, when my husband was out to see the illumination—I said I hoped my husband had not taken out his money, as he would lose it—the prisoner said she had a key that would perhaps open his box—she lent it to me—I tried it, and it opened the box, and the money was all right—on the 3rd of July I was out, and when I came home, my husband asked me to give him the key of the box—he opened it and missed the money—he went for an officer, leaving the prisoner with me—while he was gone the prisoner went up stairs, and then I went up to her—she said she had the money, and had hid it in the bed—she gave me nine sovereigns from the bed and two from the ground—she said, "Don't tell my brother, and don't expose me."





THOMAS FEW
 (police-constable G 154.) I went to the house and took the prisoner—she produced this key, which fits the box, and she gave me the sovereigns.

Prisoner's Defence, I took the money, but Mrs. Clarke told me to take it and put it in the bed. Witness. When I took her she did not name that, but she did on the following Thursday.





EDWIN BELL
 (police-sergeant N 11.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
: Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
