




558. 




WILLIAM STEWARD
. was indicted

for stealing, on the 
16th of January, 4 shirts, value 7s.; 1 night-cap value 1s.; 2 pairs of drawers, value 2s.; 2 petticoats, 1s., 6d.; 5 handkerchief, value 14s.; 1 pair of stocking value 4s.; 1 dressing-gown, value 3s.; 5 towels value 2s.; 1 habit-shirt, value 8s.; 2 table-cloths. value 1s.; 6d.; 25 towels, value 10s.; 2 dusters, value 6d.; 2 window-blinds, value 2s.; and 7 knife cloths, value 6d.; the goods of 

William Russell; 4 shifts, value 5s.; 2 caps, value 1s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; and 5 handkerchief, value 3s.; the goods of 



Mary Ann White; and 1 basket, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 



Winifred London—2nd stating them to be the goods of 


Samson Tasker.






SAMSON TASKER
. I am a carrier. A basket of lines was entrusted to my care on the 16th January, about six o'clock by Mrs. London, the laundress—I brought it safely to Lincoln's-inn-fields, and was going to deliver that and two other basket at Squire Russell's—I took in two; and while I did that, this third basket was gone—I ran down the square and saw it on the pavement, ten or twelve yards from the cart—I took it into Mr. Russells'





WINIFRED LONDON
. I gave three baskets to the witness in the take to Mr. Russell's—he lost the largest, which contained all the articles stated in the indictment—they were Mr. William Russell's property—Mary Ann White is lady's maid there, four shifts and some other things were hers—the basket was nine.





JAMES TAYLOR
. I am a private in the Grenadier Guards. I was walking along the side of Lincoln's-inn-fields about a quarter before seven o'clock, and saw the prisoner take the basket from the tail of the cart—he took it on his left shoulder—a man behind me said, "What do you do with this? it does not belong to you"—he threw it down on the pavement and ran off—I ran after him and seized him—he asked to let him go—I said I could not—I brought him back to Mr. Russell's




GUILTY
. Aged 30. 


Transported Seven Years.
