



2248. 




ELIZA BURR
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Alexander Matthews, about the hour of twelve o'clock in the night of the 
24th of August, at 
St. Mary, Newington, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 2 caps, value 2s., his goods; and 1 bonnet, value 1s.; and 2 gowns, value 2s.; the goods of 



Ann Lane.







ANN LANE
. I am servant to Mr. John Alexander Mathews, a plumber and glazier, in Dover-road, in the parish of St. Mary, Newington. On the 24th of August I went to bed about ten o'clock—I was the last person up—I got up about five o'clock next morning—I am sure it was before six o'clock-as I was getting up I found the prisoner in my room—she got up out of a chair, and looked over my bed-(I had heard a great noise in the kitchen about twelve o'clock in the night, but I thought it must be the mice, and went to sleep again)—I asked the prisoner what she wanted—she said "My name is only Patty," and went up stairs to go out—she had no business in the house at all—I gave an alarm, and found a small pane of glass broken in the kitchen window—she must have got down the area, broken the glass, unbolted the front kitchen door, and got in—the door was bolted when I went to bed at night—I missed two gowns of my own, which had been in the front kitchen overnight—she had taken them off a nail, and put them into the area—I also missed two caps belonging to Mrs. Matthews, which were lying on my bed overnight—these are them-(looking at them)—the prisoner had lived servant in the house, but was discharged, I understand, about six months before I went there—I have been there six weeks—she had no business in the house—I found my gowns in the area, and my bonnet on her head.





JOHN FURLONG
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner in the passage of the house—I found nothing on her—the two caps were at her feet in the hall.

Prisoner. I went into the house to sleep.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Ten Years.
