





215. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     GURREN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of December
, 1 box, value 6d.; 1 shawl, value 6d.; 2 frocks, value 6d.; 4 pinafores, value 4s.; 1 pair of shoes value 2s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d.; 1 tippet, value 6d., and 1 1/2 yard of ribbon, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Edmond 
                     Bird
                  




               
            .
EDMOND BIRD. I keep the George
, West-street, Smithfield


. Last Thursday night, about six o'clock, a bandbox, containing these articles was put into a butcher's cart at my door, for my nephew to take with my daughter to South-street, Park-lane - the cart had not left the door ten minutes before I heard the box was stolen; my nephew is not here - he lives in the country; the prisoner was brought to my house in about half an hour, with the box, in the same state as before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BUSHNELL
               



            . I am a basket-maker, and live at the Crown, in West-street, Bird sent for me to mind the cart, which stood at his door; I saw his little girl and the box put in - there was a tail to the cart; it left the door a little after six o'clock - I went into the tap-room to finish a pint of beer, and heard the cart come back very quick Bird's nephew said the box was gone - Bird called me; I went out, and found the prisoner in Black Boy-alley, West-street, with another person, who had got the box; I passed them, and then returned back quick - they both made a full stop together; I said that was the box I was looking for, that it belonged to Mr. Bird - the prisoner then laid hold of it; I stopped and said, "I must have it" - the prisoner said, "No, let it be," and "I will put you in it;" it is a lonely place - I did not like to stop him; I took it from them, and told the prisoner I would not say who had possession of it; he gave it to me with great reluctance - the other never spoke; Bird insisted on knowing who I got it from, and I told him - I knew him before for some years; he jobbed for people.


                  THOMAS 
                  STALIAN
               



            . I am a patrol of St. Sepulchre's. I apprehended the prisoner about half-past seven o'clock on Thursday evening, in King-street, Snow-hill; he had another person with him - I said I had information about him; he said I was deceived in my information - I said if so it would be better for him; I had received information of the cart being robbed, but all I told him was, that I had received information about him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from my uncle's about half-past six o'clock, and met this young man in the alley, with the box; I knew him, and asked how he did - the witness came up, and took the box out of his hand.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
