





1502. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     CORNELIUS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Charles 
                           Beale
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN CHARLES BEALE. I live at No. 32, Tenter-street, Spitalfields. On the 5th of October, at night, I was near Petticoat-lane


, there was a crowd of people there - there was a dispute about a watchman taking a man into custody, and while I was listening to it, I felt a tug at my pocket - I turned round and saw my handkerchief in the hand of the prisoner; I took him into custody, and he was charged at the watch-house.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you ever given a different account of the transaction? A. No sir; I said there was a crowd assembled - directly I found the handkerchief in his hand I took him by the collar, and did not loose my hold till the officer tok him - I never said that the confusion and crowd were so great that I could not tell from whose hand I took it; I said there was a crowd of persons assembled, which caused me to stop and listen - I never said my mind was confused by the crowd; I said my attention was directed to the crowd, and while I was listening to the observations going forward, I felt the tug, turned round, and found the handkerchief in the prisoner's hands - I never told the prisoner's mother, that I could not tell whose hand the handkerchief was in - she came down after me three times, and said at first that she was very sorry for what took place, and if I liked to make a flaw in the indictment, he would get off; that she was very poor, but if they could do any thing to stop the business she should be happy - I said I would do nothing and if he was a good character he would be able to stand the trial - I said no more to her than I have stated.
Q. Was there a crowd of persons there? A. There was about a dozen persons - I was alone; quite sober - as collected as I am now - it was a quarter to one o'clock in the morning - I was returning from a club to which I am secretary, and it does not break up till twelve o'clock; it is held at the Blue Anchor, Ratcliffe-highway - the spot this happened in, is in the way I generally go home - I cannot say that it is in my way home; sometimes I might go out of my way; but it is the way I generally go - I could not have gone any other way then to have taken the turning before it, or down Petticoat-lane - it was not out of my way, I should think the length of eight or nine houses - there is no mark about the handkerchief I believe; I did not look in this corner to see if there was a mark - it is torn here, that was what I was looking for, but I did not notice it when it was taken; I cannot positively say whether I noticed the fear when it was taken, but I noticed it when the officer gave it to me - it might have been changed for another for what I can tell.
COURT. Q. Have you such a knowledge of your handkerchief as to be able to say that is yours? A. I consider it to be mine; it is my property and what I lost.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Will you venture to swear it is your handkerchief? A. I consider it to be mine; I will swear it is mine; I know it by the pattern - I am no judge much of handkerchiefs - it is a cotton one.
COURT. Q. Where did you buy it? A. In Commercial-road; I gave 1s. 6d. for it - I bought it new.


                  JOHN 
                  FORRESTER
               



            . (Officer.) I produced the handker chief: I received it from the prosecutor.
Prisoner's Defence. My Lord, I was going home; I was on the Butchers' side of Aldgate, there was a mob in the Bull Inn Yard; I went over to see the row - I had not been there a quarter of a minute when a gentleman said I had his handkerchief, on my oath I never had it in my possession.


                  JOHN 
                  CHARLES BEALE
               



            . It was in his hand when I took hold of him - I took it out of his hand, and held him by the collar till an officer took him.


                  Thomas 
                  Davis
               



             of No. 8, Thomas-street, Commercial-road, gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
