





619. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MACK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of January
, 10 gallons of wine, value 10l., and 60 bottles, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Whinery 
                           Spencer
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WHINERY SPENCER
               



            . I live in Newton-street, Holborn


. The prisoner was in my employ, as household-servant
, for eighteen months; I had for a long time missed wine from my private wine-cellar, and on the 10th of January, when I went to get some brandy, I missed a quantity of that; I missed wine every time I went - I askedmy son if he had taken any; he said No - he then came down into the cellar, and we laid a plan to detect the thief, by putting this detonating snap; some of the wine was twenty-four years old, and some ten years old - when I returned to town the next morning the prisoner, who had been detected, said he had taken the wine, and drank it, broken the bottles, and thrown them with the other broken bottles; I had lost a key of the cellar for six months.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SPENCER
               



            . I knew of the snap having been put on the door, and about half-past eight o'clock in the evening on the 11th of January, I heard the prisoner go across the warehouse, and down to the wine-cellar - I heard the snap go off, and I went down and took him; he denied then that he had taken any wine, but the next morning he said he had taken it, and drank it - Mr. Spencer has lost not less than six dozen of wine, besides brandy.
Prisoner's Defence. His son is cohabiting with a lady in Burton-crescent, and he had been in the habit of sending wine there - I have been afraid to say any thing, because he acted as a sort of deputy master over me; they let me go home that night, and then took me the next morning - they got two men there to frighten me, and asked if I knew of any body else being guilty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
