






2082. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMPSON
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MARTIN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of September
, 1 kettle, value 4s., and 36 pies, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Hodgkinson
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Weeks
               



            ; and that Martin had been before convicted of felony.


                  JOHN 
                  HODGKINSON
               



            . I sell pies in the street - I had my kettle and pies near Petticoat-lane, in Whitechapel


, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night; I fell asleep, leaving the kettle and thirty-six pies all safe - the officer awoke me, and my pies and kettle were gone.


                  JOHN 
                  BURROWS
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the 22nd of September, four or five minutes before twelve o'clock, I saw the two prisoners near Essex-street - Thompson opened the prosecutor's kettle, and gave Martin some eatables out of it; Martin saw me, and he whistled - Thompson then shut up the tin kettle, and warked up the street, singing out,"All hot! All hot!"


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAW
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I received information, and from inquiry I went up George-yard - on a dung-hill I found this tin kettle, smoking; I took it up, went out, and saw the two prisoners - they ran away; I pursued, and took Martin - he was cramining something into his mouth, with both his hands, but I could not see what it was.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM DENNIS
               



            . I am an officer. I was coming up Wentworth-street, and saw the two prisoners; they ran - I pursued, and took Thompson, who was eating something, but I could not see what.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



            . I produce a certificate of the former conviction of Martin, which I got at Mr. Clark's office -(nead) - I gave evidence on the trial, and Martin is the person.
Thompson's Defence, (written) I am innocent of the charge- it was some other boys that done the deed; it is true I was in the streets that night, having lost the key of my brother's room door, therefore I could not get in - my brother, with whom I reside, was at Deptford, at work: I was eating a piece of bread, and sitting on the step of the door, when the Policeman was passing me; he directly said I was eating pies, and took me.
THOMPSON - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.
Recommended to Mercy by the Jury.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
MARTIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
