





647. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  POTTINGER
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of March
, 1 bushel of shrimps, value 17s., and 1 basket, value 2s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Hearne
               




            .
MR. DOANE conducted the Prosecution.


                  EDWARD 
                  INGRAM
               



            . I am a private watchman in the employ of Mr. Joseph Hearne, of Holborn-bridge. He is a waggoner
 and coach proprietor
. On the 14th of March, I had six pads of shrimps left in my care, which came by the Boston coach - they were marked "J. G., Boston," which signified Mr. Glass - on the 15th, five more pads came by the coach, which made eleven - I put them all into the errand-cart to go to Billingsgate - I gave them into William Maberly's care to take to Mr. Glass, jun. - I saw the eleven pads safe in the cart at half-past four o'clock that morning.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MABERLY
               



            . I am carman to Mr. Hearne. I received the eleven pads of shrimps from Ingram - when I got to Billingsgate I had only ten.


                  EDWARD 
                  RENTMORE
               



            . I am a watchman of St. Andrew's, Holborn. I was on duty on the 15th of March, at a quarter before five o'clock in the morning - I saw the prisoner walking a few yards from a man of the name of Brown - I knew them both - the prisoner had a coat on his arm, which I knew belonged to 
               Brown
            : and Brown had this pad on his shoulder - I stopped Brown, and asked what he had got - he said it was his master's, and he was going home - I said he must go to the watch-house - he then called out, "Bill" - the prisoner turned round and came towards us - Brown then threw this pad on my arm, which broke my hold, and they both ran off - I sprung my rattle, but they escaped - this is the pad - I found a note inside it- it is marked "J. G., Boston." I found the prisoner in St. Bride's watch-house on the 22nd.


                  EDWARD 
                  GILBERT
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Joseph Hearne, he has no partner.


                  JAMES 
                  GLASS, jun.
               



             I am a salesman at Billingsgate - I am in the habit of receiving shrimps from my father, who lives at Boston. On the 15th of March I ought to have received eleven pads of shrimps - I only received ten - I saw this pad afterwards - it has my father's mark on it.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in bed till half-past seven o'clock that morning.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
