





1295. 




JAMES DENCH,



 THOMAS WYATT
, and 




JOHN WILLIAMS
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
9th of May, 1 bag, value 2s.; 5 planes, value 3l. 4s.; and 6 saws, value 1s.; the goods of 



Joseph Shorley: 4 planes, value 2l. 10s.; and 6 saws, value 3l.; the goods of 



Isaac Weller: and 7 planes, value 3l.; 2 saws, value 1l. 5s.; and 1 bevil, value 3s.; the goods of 



John Green.






JOSEPH SHORLEY
. I am a cabinet maker. I lost some tools from a workshop in Little Titchfield-street, Marylebone—I saw them safe about half past six or seven o'clock in the evening on Tuesday last—they were gone in the morning—the padlock had been broken, and some boards and another part of the shop at the side.





JOHN WILLIAM HAWKINS
 (police-constable F 101.) On Tuesday night last, at twenty minutes to eleven o'clock, I saw Dench and Wyatt crossing the Seven Dials—Dench had got this carpet bag, and some articles in it—and Wyatt was carrying a drugget with some more things in it—I stopped them, not giving a satisfactory account, and I took them to the station-house—on searching Dench, I found this lot of tools—on searching Wyatt, I found some other tools in the drugget, and this small saw, which comes to pieces, he had in his hand.





ISAAC WELLER
. I was at work in these premises as journeyman. This plough plane, and other things, are mine.





JOHN GREEN
. I am a cabinet-maker. I was at work at this place—part of these tools are mine, and some I lost, which have not yet been found.





WILLIAM CHAPMAN
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Long Acre. I About half-past ten o'clock in the morning of the 10th of May, Williams offered two planes with the marks on, which we had received an account of—I detained him and gave him in charge.





ISAAC WELLER
. One of these is mine—the other is Green's.





RICHARD GABRIEL GABB
 (police-sergeant F 14.) I was sent for, and took Williams.





CHARLES HENRY BAGNALL
 (police-constable F 31.) About eleven o'clock on the 10th of May, I was in Long Acre, and saw some tools tied up on a pitching block—I kept my eye on them—I asked a man about them—he gave me information, and I went into the public house, but could not find any one—I then kept watching it for three-quarters of an hour—and then I took them and found it was four planes.

Dench's Defence. A man met Wyatt and me, and said he would give us 6d. to take the bag to the Seven Dials, and wait for him—we were going along, and the policeman stopped us.

Wyatt's Defence. I was coming home, and a man asked us to carry these two parcels for him.

Williams's Defence. I met a young man whom I had seen before, and

he had a basket and a bundle—he gave me two planes, and said if I would pledge them he would give me 6d.—I know nothing of them.

DENCH—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

WYATT—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

WILLIAMS—


GUILTY
.* Aged 19. 




Transported for Seven Years.
