




2187. 



WILLIAM CATLING
 and 




WILLIAM COOK
 were indicted for

 breaking and entering a building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Jones Stephens, and occupied therewith, on the 
5th of August, at 
Enfield, and stealing 1 set of harness, value 3l.; 1 saddle, value 1l.; 2 pair of stirrup-leathers, with stirrup-irons, value 15s.; 2 girths, value 4s.; 1 bridle, value 10s.; and 1 dog-collar and chain, value 4s.; the goods of 



Joseph Jones Stephens.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






JOSEPH JONES STEPHENS
. I live at Enfield Wash, very near the bridge. My stable does not form any part of my house—it is surrounded by a fence which encloses the house—about ten o'clock at night on the 5th of August,

my groom was away, and I fastened the stable with my harness in it—the articles stated in the indictment were there, among other things—I took the key into the house, and left it in my kitchen—on the following morning, about six o'clock, my servant gave me an alarm—I went into the yard—the dog was gone, and the chain and collar were left in the yard—I made inquiries about the dog, but could not find him—I went into the stable to put a saddle on my horse, and found I had none left, and the harness and other things were gone—I made inquiries at the Bell, and near the Angle I met John and Jasper Guiver—that is about three miles and a half from my house—John and Jasper Guiver had the two prisoners with them in a cart

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. What part of your premises were broken open? A. The stable door had been unlocked—it forms the other side of my yard—there is no communication between the stable and the dwelling-house without going across the yard—I found the stable door locked, as I left over-night.

Cross-examined by
MR. THOMAS. Q. Were you the last person who went there? A. Yes.





JOSEPH MOSES
. I am a gardener at Enfield Highway. I live about a mile from the prosecutor, on the road towards London. On Saturday, the 6th of August last, I went towards the window, about two o'clock, or a little after, that morning, and saw a dog in my front garden—I came down stairs, opened my door, and perceived it was a black and white dog—I made towards the cross part of the garden, and, in a small parcel of manure, in a hedge, I found a large bag—when I attempted to take the bag the dog followed me—I sent for John Guiver, the constable—he examined the bag—there were five pairs of trace harness in it—the dog went away.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Do you keep a dog? A. No—I was not then getting up for the day—I had necessity to get up, and went towards the window—the dog was pacing my garden.





JOHN GUIVER
. I am a constable of Enfield, and live close by Moses. His little boy called me up about three o'clock that morning—I went to his house, and found the bag containing a lot of harness—I have a brother named Jasper, we went on the road towards London, and overtook a wagon near Tottenham High Cross—James Skipp was driving it—I saw, in the tail of the wagon, a large bag, which I considered was harness—I got out of the cart to see what it was—I found it contained harness, and Catling was lying on the top of it—I told him he was the person I was looking for—he said he knew nothing about that harness—I called the wagon boy, he took up Catling with that bag of harness at Enfield Wash bridge, and another man was with him at the time—I put Catling into the cart I had got, and went on in pursuit of another—as we were going along, Catling said we should overtake the other man at the White Hart, Kingsland-road—as we were going along, I asked different persons if they had seen a man on the road with a black and white dog—I still went on in pursuit of another man—I went to the White Hart, Kingsland-road—I there asked Catling the man's name—he said he did not know his name, but he knew him personally—Catling said, "Go up Old-street-road"—I did—when I got up there, he said, 'Go into Smithfield"—when there, he said, Go down Cock-lane, and from there into Farringdon-street"—I said I would not go any farther, unless he told me who I was going after—when I got to Farringdon-street, he told me to go Fleet-street, and stop at Lombard-court—I went down there—he told me to knock at No. 10—I knocked at the door twice,

and waited a few minutes, and then knocked against; but, before I went down, I asked Catling who I was to ask for—he said he did not know his name, but he gave a description of his dress, and told me to go and ask for a person that had brought in a black and white dog—I did so—a man poked his head out of the door—I had some conversation with him about a dog (Catling was in Fleet-street, in the cart)—I went in at last, and there saw the prisoner Cook—he was in the act of undoing his shoes, as if undressing himself—I asked him where he had been—he said in the country—he said he knew nothing about any dog—I put the hand-cuffs on him, put him into the cart, and took him before the Magistrate, at Enfield—I found a crow-bar upon him, also this knife, this phosphorus box, this watch, and an empty box; and on Catling, I found nine skeleton keys, a knife, a cord and a string, by which you might lead a dog—some salve on silk, to tame dogs, and four duplicates—there is a smell about the salve that is particular—the box I took from Cook has just the same smell—any of these keys will open Mr. Stephens's stable door.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Will they open other doors? A. They will—I have tried them—I derived all my information from Catling—the first time I saw Cook was in Lombard-court—I left Catling with my brother when I went there.

Cross-examined by
MR. THOMAS. Q. What is on this bit of black silk? A. I do not know what it is—I have tried it, and when I have showed it to a dog he would come towards me, at about half a yard distance—Catling voluntarily told me he would tell me where I could find the other man—I thought there was something in the bag, because that bag and that in Moses's garden were alike—I said nothing to Catling to induce him to tell me.





JAMES SKIPP
. I am a wagoner to Mr. Lodge, and was so on Saturday, the 6th of August. About three o'clock that morning I was on the road with the wagon near the pond at Enfield Wash—Cook came to me on the bridge, and asked if I was going to London—I told him yes—he asked me if I could take a parcel for him up to London—I said, "Yes"—he said, "I have not got it here, it is down a little further," and that his other mate was with him—when we got a few rods further, Catling came up, and they both together put a bag into the wagon—I put my hand on the bag and thought I felt a riding saddle—I saw John Guiver take Catling and the bag—that was the bag they put into the wagon, and Catling got in with it—Cook had a black and white dog at the bridge—Cook went on, on foot, on the London-road, and the dog went with him—the constable came and took Catling at Tottenham Cross.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Where do you come from? A. From Hertfordshire—it was a lightish night—Cook was in my company four or five minutes—he did not ride on my wagon—he and the other walked forward a little way, and then stopped at the public-house—I did not see Cook again for half an hour—we stopped at the Two Brewers, Ponders-end, for half an hour—he was then a quarter of an hour my company—I swear he is the man—I saw him again the same morning—another man was asleep in the wagon.





RICHARD WATKINS
. I am a horse-patrol. On Sunday, the 7th of August, a person came for me, and I went to Edmonton watch-house to see Catling—he told me he had something to say—he told me the dog was gone to John Goodey's, near Gray's-inn-lane—I went there—the dog was not there.






HENRY MITCHELL
. I am driver of Mr. Seager's coach. It comes in and out to Edmonton—it leaves town every night at half-past eight, and gets to Edmonton at a quarter before ten o'clock—I know the two prisoners—I carried them both sown on Friday night, the 5th of August—they were in company together—they went on towards Enfield Highway, and I saw no more of them—I had been in the habit of carrying them up and down before that—not on any particular days—they paid me.





JAMES JONES STEPHENS

re-examined. I have looked at the bag of goods that was under the prisoner Catling—they are all my property.

CATLING—


GUILTY
. Aged—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

COOK—


Guilty.


(The indictment also charged Cook with having been before convicted.)





HENRY JOHN SAWYER
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner Cook's former conviction of felony, which I got of the Clerk of the Peace (read.)





JOHN LONG
 (police-constable V 143.) I know Cook—he is the man who was convicted on that occasion.

COOK—
GUILTY. Aged 27.—


Transported for Life.
