





1824. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     SOLOMONS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of May
, 1 clock, value 10l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Bland
                        




                     
                  , and others, in their dwelling-house
            .
MR. BARRY conducted the prosecution.
GEORGE BLAND. I am one of the partners of Garraway's coffee-house, Cornhill




 - there are two other partners - we had a bracket clock on our premises on the 3rd of May; it is the dwelling-house of myself and Mrs. West; I saw the clock safe about half-past twelve o'clock on the 3rd of May, and missed it a little after three - Messrs. Frodsham and Co. had the key of that and all the clocks in our house, as they wound them up for five guineas a year. On the 14th of July, in consequence of information I went to Ship-alley, Wellclose-square - I think it was past nine o'clock in the evening; it was dark; I went into the shop, and saw the prisoner - there appeared to be counters on each side, but the shutters were closed; I did not see any business going on; I asked the prisoner if his name was Samuels, which I understood was his name; he said Yes, it was - I said I wanted to speak to him relative to a clock that had been stolen from our house; he asked what clock- I then described it, and told him from what part of the house it had been stolen - I think I told him from the two pair of stairs, and the right hand room, and that the maker's name was Lloyd, of Aldgate; he said he knew nothing of the clock whatever, and asked if I supposed he would do such a thing, as he had a family of eight children, and he often assisted the officers to take thieves; I told him it was needless to make those observations, as I knew all aboutit, and stated to him that he had pawned the clock for 2l. 10s. or 2l. 5s., I do not know which, and that I knew he had afterwards sold it to a gentleman in the neighbourhood of Doctors'-commons for 4l. 10s.; he still declared he knew nothing of it, and asked me my name - I told him the name was of no consequence, that I came from Garraway's coffee-house, and I was going to a furniture broker in Ratcliff-highway, named Solomons, and he might make inquiries there who I was - I did not see the prisoner again till he was at Worship-street; this is the clock.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know Mr. Warner? A. Yes, he is my attorney in this case - I believe four bills have been thrown out against the prisoner; I told the prisoner he had pawned the clock for 2l. 10s.; I do not know that that was untrue - on my oath I believed he had pawned it; I have not seen the pawnbroker - I received my information from a person in Horsemonger-lane prisone - the name on the letter is David James; he was tried and convicted here, and transported; I do not know when it was, but he himself told me he was a transport at the time I received the information.


                  RICHARD 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a wheelwright, and live in Addle-hill, Doctor's-commons. I have known the prisoner about eight months; he came to me at a public-house in May last, about the middle of the month; it was before the 16th - he said he had a bracket clock, which he thought would suit me; I asked what the figure would be - he said one of his people had got it in pawn, but he thought it would be about 5l.; the prisoner is an umbrella-maker, and has been in that neighbourhood for these twenty years, as a general dealer - he said he would get the clock in a few days, and show it to me, and he brought it about the 20th; I know the dates, because my daughter went into the country on the 16th, and I had mentioned to her that Samuels had spoken about bringing me a clock, and he brought it a few days after she was gone - he asked 5l. for it; I offered him 4l. 10s. - he said it was a very good one, for the person who pawned it knew its value very well- I said I would not give any more than 4l. 10s., which he agreed to take; I then said, "Samuels, set it going" - he said, "I can't, the key is lost," but he went out, and was gone an hour or two; he brought a key, and with it he readily wound up one side of the clock, and tried it to the other, but the key would not go in - he then went out and filed the key, I believe; he then brought it back, and wound up the clock - when he was going out for the key, he said, "I wish you would let me have 3l., as we have been obliged to borrow some money;" I let him have it, and when he brought the key, I paid him the rest of the money - I gave the same clock to the officer.
Cross-examined. Q. You saw him at a public-house? A. Yes, I am in the habit of going to that house every day about eleven o'clock, to read the paper; I have known the prisoner eighteen months or longer - he had the name of honest Samuel, or the honest Jew; I did not know the clock was stolen - I should have brought any thing of him; I have lived thirty years in the parish, and served all the parish offices.


                  EDWARD 
                  TREWINARD
               



            . I am in the employ of Frodsham, and Co., Change-alley, I was employed to take care of and to wind up this clock; we have the key of it at our shop - I wound it up every week; the fair value is about 10l.


                  JAMES 
                  HANLEY
               



            . I am an officer of Worship-street. I went to Mr. Phillips' on the 25th of July, and brought away this clock; I saw the prisoner at the office before the clock was produced, and I asked him if he knew any thing about a clock, the maker's name "Lloyd, Aldgate" - he said No.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent of knowing it to be stolen; I bought it of Brown, and it was in pawn at Mr. Walter's, in Aldersgate-street.
Nine witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.
GUILTY. Aged. 50.




               Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury, on account of his character
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
