




2193. 




M. WILLIAM JONES
 and 




WILLIAM FITZGERALD



 were indicted for stealing, on the 
8th of October, 1 handkerchief, value 6d. the goods of 



Thomas Turner, from his person.







CHARLES THORPE
. I am the patrol of Farringdon Ward. On the 8th of October, between eight and nine o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoners on Blackfriars-bridge, and watched them—in a few minutes I saw Jones take this handkerchief out of a gentleman's pocket, and slip it into Fitzgerald's hand—they both turned—Fitzgerald turned first—he saw me and threw it into the kennel—J took it, and laid hold of Jones, and called on Coram to take Fitzgerald, which he did, and in going along, Fitzgerald took his hat off and threw it over the bridge.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What did you see Fitzgerald do? A. Take this handkerchief out of the other man's hand—I have seen them before—Coram was with me—he is a ladies' boot and shoe-maker—I do not know that he ever was with me before on the walk, but seeing upwards of a hundred pickpockets on the bridge who I knew, I asked him to assist me—I never took him on any other occasion—lam patrol of St. Brides—I am quite sure Jones did not throw the handkerchief at Fitzgerald.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How long had you been together A. About half an hour—I was going over the bridge, towards the Surrey side—the person who had his handkerchief taken, was coming over this way.





JOHN CORAM
. I am a boot and shoe-maker. I was on the bridge on the 8th of October, between eight and nine o'clock—I saw the two prisoners there—I saw Jones take a handkerchief from Turner's pocket, and deliver it to Fitzgerald—who threw it down in the kennel—the officer called me to assist him, which I did—Fitzgerald threw his hat over the bridge, and said, Now, what can you do"—I could not see what was in it.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. You were on the bridge casually? A. I was going home—I live over the bridge—I bad been in company with Thorpe in Fleet-street—he, knowing me, said he would accompany me home—as we came to the bridge, I suppose we saw thirty or forty people—he was going after his wife over the water—I have seen him many times, and been in his company—I have stopped and spoken to him when he has been out.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. How often have you walked about the streets? A. I do not see him once in two months.





THOMAS TURNER
. I am a tailor. I was on the bridge on the 8th of October, at twenty minutes past eight o'clock—I was not aware of my pocket being picked till the officer called tome—this is my handkerchief—I had it in my pocket.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What are the initials on it? A. S. D. "—It belonged to a friend of mine who is dead.
(Robert Evans, an artist's oil and colour-man, Cannon-street-road, and No. 12, Morgan-street, Camberwell; Ellen Hennessy, and Jane King, of Hackney-road; gave the prisoner Fitzgerald a good character.)

JONES—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

FITZGERALD—


GUILTY
. Aged 27




Transported for Ten Years.
