





64. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     COGHLAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of November
, 19 chinchilla skins, value 38s., the goods of the 
                     
St. Katharine Dock Company




                  , to which he was a servant
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  RICHARD 
                  BAXTER
               



            . I am superintendent of Police at the St. Katharine-docks


. The prisoner was a delivery foreman
 there, at the warehouse letter D. - I took him into custody on the 6th of November; he said he wished to change his coat, and I took him to the warehouse - he unlocked the desk, took out a coat, and put it on; and the coat he pulled off I locked in the desk, and in doing so. I saw in one corner of the desk these ten chinchilla skins - I asked him what they were; he said they were skins he had found in another part of the warehouse, and he had put them there for security, intending to give them to Mr. Palmer the warehouse-keeper, but he had forgotten to do so; I desired him to lock the desk, and give the key to Mr. Palmer - there were two hales of skins at the further end of the same warehouse; I took him to the dock-office - Mr. Palmer afterwards unlocked the desk and took the skins out; he said he lived at No. 5, Robinhood-court, St. Olaves; - I went there with another officer, and in a drawer in that house. I found these nine other skins, wrapped up in a pocket handkerchief; I have compared them with the skins in the bales, and they appear to me to be part of the same bales.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Are you any judge of these sort of skins? A. No; some appear darker than others, but they are packed in a different manner in the bales - I believe the prisoner has been in the service of the company from its establishment; I do not know that there had been any person to inspect the bales of skins that day, or the day before - if there had, they would have been attended by some of the persons in the docks; if any of the skins had fallen out, it was the prisoner's duty to have given them to the ware-house-keeper immediately - I do not know that any crime would have been imputed to him if he had kept them two or three days; I would as soon have suspected myself as I would him - I told him I had found these skins at his lodging; he said those found in his drawer had been given him by a person whose name he mentioned, who had been in England, but was gone to America - I think it is not possible he could have overlooked the returning of the skins he had picked up.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You found these skins at his lodging? A. Yes; and I went back to him at night to take him to the Thames Police-office; I told him I had found chinchilla skins at his lodging, but did not say how many - he said nothing to me then, I am sure; what he said was before the Magistrate.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  BLABY
               



            . I assisted in searching the prisoner's lodging, and have had the skins which were found there ever since; I said to him, "I have some skins I found in your house, will you give any account of them" - he said"No, I shall be before the Magistrate presently, and I shall give the best account I can."


                  DAVID 
                  O'CONNOR
               



            . I am a marker in the St. Katharine-docks. I was employed in warehouse D., in which the prisoner was foreman - I remember two bales of skins being brought in there; I counted them when they came in - one bale contained three hundred and nine dozens and six skins, and the other three hundred and ninety-eight dozen - on the 11th of November I counted them again, and found the one which had had three hundred and nine dozens and six skins, had only three hundred and four dozens and five skins, and three pieces, which was a deficiency of five dozens from that bale, and three skins were missing from the other bale; no delivery had taken place from them to my knowledge - I compared those found by the officer with those in the bales - I could not swear they are the same, but to the best of my knowledge they are of the same description, but I am no judge of them.
Cross-examined. Q. You do not affect to be a furrier? A. No - I cannot say when the bales had come to the ware-house; it was about the 5th of October, I think, as near as I can guess - I believe they had been inspected by persons who had come for that purpose, and the bales would certianly be opened to show them; I was in the dock about three weeks before he was - he had had a good character; it is possible some of the skins might have been left out which he might take up with a view to return them; his son died last night.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PALMER
               



            . I am warehouse-keeper of the warehouse D. I have compared these skins with those in the bale - they appear to me to be the same; if the prisoner had found any he should have reported it to me immediately, or to have had them repacked - he had an excellent character.
Cross-examined. Q. Do you know he has lost his son? A. I am told he has - he certainly did not do his duty with respect to these skins; I have known him sixteen or eighteenyears - he has always had a most excellent character; there are perhaps a thousand men employed there.
Prisoner. Q. Did I not surrender the key of my desk? A. Certainly you did, after you were in custody, and you said that when looking for me or Mr. Salmon to get men to effect a delivery, you had got the skins which had fallen from a bale.
GUILTY. Aged 43.




               Recommended to Mercy
            . - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            

