






269. 
               
                  
                     STEPHEN 
                     STEVENSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     STADLEY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of December
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-chain, value 2l.; 4 seals, value 2l., and 1 key and book, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Gent 
                           Burton
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
GENT BURTON. I am a servant out of place
, and lodge in Crescent-street, Euston-square. On the 3rd of December I was at the King's Head, at the corner of Hampstead-road; the two prisoners came in there - I spoke to them, and they drank with me; I had not had much to drink - when I left I went out at the left-hand door, and they went out at the right; they came in contact with me again in the street, and asked me to go with them to their house, at No. 10. Eagle-street


, which I did: we had some beer and gin there, which I paid for - I fell dead asleep for three or four hours; when I awoke I missed my watch, and my pocket had been ransacked - I lost some silver from my pockets; I had seen my watch safe about a quarter-past eleven o'clock, when I went down stairs; I had it safe when I went up into the room again where the prisoners were - it was between seven and nine o'clock in the morning when I went to the public-house; when I missed my watch I waited for about three hours - I then gave information to the Police; I had a loose watch-key in my pocket, and that key has since been attached to the chain of my watch and a seal has been taken off it.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. How long had you been out of place? A. About two months - this took place on Monday morning; I had not been to bed the night before - I walked about all night; I was alone -I was out late on Sunday, and did not like to go home to disturb the persons in the house; I had been drinking brandy on Sunday - I was not drunk; I got to the King's Head about seven o'clock in the morning - I went out of the door intending to go home; I had no female with me, nor did I procure protection from any female in my way from the house, but there was a woman with the prisoners; I should not think we had as much as nine pots of beer or ale at their room; I believe we had not five half-pints of gin; I believe we had two half-pints of rum - I had lived with Mr. Hoggarty, the auctioneer, for sixteen months, and had 40l. a year - when I left him I had a cheque of him for 13l.; when I began this carousal on the Sunday I had a sovereign in my pocket; I cannot tell when I changed it- when I left the last public-house I had 13s. or 14s. - I did not ask the prisoner Stevenson if he had any money.
Q. Will you venture to swear that you did not ask him as soon as you got into his house, if he had any money? A. I cannot say that I did not, but I cannot see what I should ask him that for - I will not swear either way; I did not tell him I had no money, and ask him for some to buy the drink - I paid for what I had brought in; when I went to his house I was not drunk; I cannot say whether he told me he had 15s. saved up for his rent: we had the beer, the gin, and the rum at the prisoners' - I had two glasses of brandy and water at the public-house; I had no breakfast - the prisoner asked me for the money when he went to fetch the drink; he did not ask to be paid back what he had paid for drink, but he said I was indebted to him - that was in the evening, after he was apprehended; I did not tell him I did not mean to go home till night, and wanted some money for myself, nor that I knew a pawnbroker, at the corner of Stingo-lane, in York-street, who was a friend of mine, and ask him to borrow 30s. on my watch, in the name of Davies - there were two persons there, one was named Pye; I did not retire with anyfemale; I might go into another room, but I soon came out - I believe I went into two rooms.


                  THOMAS 
                  PLATTS
               



            . I am in the service of a pawnbroker, at the corner of York-street. On the 3rd of December I saw Stevenson at the shop, with a female, who I believe was Stadley; Stevenson put down this watch, and asked me 30s. for it - there was a chain, two seals, and a key attached to it; I took it to Mr. Dennings, one of my masters, and he told me to write the duplicate for it, which I did: Stevenson gave me the name of John Davies, Mitcham-street - he said the watch cost him fifteen guineas; and the woman said, "We took it for a debt."
Cross-examined. Q. Did you know the prisoners before? A. No; I did not know the watch and seals - I never said so; I did not know the prosecutor, nor did Mr. Dennings: I swear the prisoner said it cost him fifteen guineas, not 15s.; Mr. Dennings is ill, and could not attend here.


                  JOHN 
                  GORDON
               



             (Police-constable S 79). On Monday, the 3rd of December, I apprehended the prisoners in the Goat and Compasses, public-house, in the New-road, in company with another girl; I found on Stevenson five half-crowns, four shillings, a sixpence, and some copper, and on Stadley 3d. - I found also on Stevenson two pocket-books and two duplicates; I asked if they knew any thing concerning Burton's watch - they said they knew nothing about it; I said a person in their house had been robbed of his watch, chain, and seals: they both said they knew nothing about it, and had not seen any watch with him, and they were not afraid of me, whatever I could do, or words to that effect.


                  JOHN 
                  MILTON
               



            . I live with Mr. Alder, a pawnbroker, in Berwick-street, Soho. I have a seal, which I took in of Stevenson on 3rd of December for 2s. 6d.; there was no one with him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Stevenson's Defence. When the prosecutor came to my house, he asked if I was landlord; I told him I was - he asked if I had any money; I said Yes, 15s., to pay my rent: he said he had been out all night with a woman, and asked me to lend him the 15s. - I said if I did I must have it again; he said he would send me to a friend of his to get some; I then lent it him - we had nine pots of ale, five half-pints of gin, two half-pints of rum, and 1s. worth of bread and cheese; he gave me his watch about two o'clock, and told me to go and pawn it in the name of Davies - he gave the seal to a young woman; I took it for her to several places, but they would not lend me any thing on it, as they said it was only cased - I at last took it to this gentleman, who lent me half a crown on it; the officer took the money and duplicate from me, and the Magistrate asked him how he came to go to the pawnbroker's where the watch was, and he said something struck him to go there.


                  JOHN 
                  GORDON
               



            . No, I did not say so; I went to several pawnbrokers before I found it - the duplicate of the watch has not been found.
STEVENSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.
STADLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
