



1854. 




SARAH ASH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of July, 2 sovereigns, the monies of 




John Humphries, her master.






JOHN HUMPHRIES
. I am a licensed-victualler, and live in Old Compton-street. The prisoner was in my service for eighteen months—I marked nine sovereigns on Saturday evening, the 30th of July, and put them in a drawer in my bed-room, in a box—the drawer was locked—I opened it on Sunday morning, about half-past ten o'clock, and missed two sovereigns—I

went to the station-house, and brought two officers—I ordered the prisoner and three other servants into the room—the prisoner came into the room with a towel or duster in her hand—two other servants were in the room—the policeman was not in her sight when she first came in, but when she saw the policeman, I saw her drop the two sovereigns from her hand—she had come from up-stairs, where our kitchen is—I took up one sovereign, and the officer took up the other—I examined them, and found them both marked—I had marked money on the Saturday for the first time—I had not gone to the box after I locked it up till Sunday morning—I had taken no money out—the prisoner was the housemaid, and has nothing to do with the money—she would have to clean the room—I asked her where she got the sovereigns from—she said they were her own—I said, they were mine, and she had robbed me to a great extent—she did not say how she got them—I have not stated that she said they were paid her by her mistress for wages—(looking at his deposition) this is my handwriting—it was read over to me—I am certain she said they were her own, but I am not certain of her saying more than that—her boxes were searched in my presence, and in the first box we found two sovereigns, a crown-piece, and three half-crowns, and in another box of hers was a small box with many sovereigns—I do not know how many—I have lost a great many sovereigns at different times—a key was found in her box which would open my cash-box—she told the policeman that the boxes were hers.





GEORGE STONE
 (police-constable C 2.) I went, in company with M'Donald, to the prosecutor's house, about eleven o'clock in the morning—M'Donald went into the room—I stopped on the staircase—the servants were all called into the room, as the prisoner went in I heard something fall, and I picked up a sovereign, and Mr. Humphries took up an other—I asked her if she had any more money in her boxes—she said, "No," several times—she said the two sovereigns were paid her by her mistress for wages—I took her up-stairs—she pointed out her boxes herself—in one box I found two sovereigns, three half-crowns, and a crown—in the other box eleven sovereigns in a little box—she sat down in a chair for some time, and Mr. Humphries went out of the room—I said nothing to induce her to give any account—she said she would tell the truth above it, and that the money found in the boxes was Mr. Humphries', she had stolen them from him, except 30s. which was her wages—I questioned her about her fellow-servants having seen her with jewellery and rings—she said she had bought those things out of the money taken from her master, and had sold them to a Jew in the street—I went to a Mr. Pine, of Isleworth, who she said was her uncle, and he gave me up some jewellery.

Prisoner's Defence. The property was my own which was found in the box—the key belongs to a box I had, which I gave away, and I did not know it fitted master's box till he tried it.





JOHN HUMPHRIES

re-examined. These are two of the sovereigns I marked—the prisoner had ten guineas a-year—I had a good character with her from Mr. Limpus, of Isleworth.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.
