





807. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     COLLINS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of March
, 1 whip, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Benjamin 
                     Gunter
                  




               
            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  GUNTER
               



            . I live at the White Horse, Friday-street. On the 3rd of March, about a quarter to seven o'clock, I was going to unload my cart in Pudding-lane


, and put my whip by the side of the cart; I went into a house, shut the door, looked through the glass of the door, and saw the prisoner pull the whip out of the side of the cart - I immediately opened the door; he had the whip in his hand, doubled up; I caught hold of him; he flung it down on the ground - I held him; he gave me a violent blow in the mouth; I still held him, and he was delivered to a constable.


                  HENRY 
                  GIBBS
               



            . I live in the neighbourhood. I observed the last witness collar the prisoner; I saw him throw the whip from him, and strike the prosecutor in a most desperate manner - I crossed the lane, and helped to secure him; I received a most desperate beating from him, assisted by seven or eight companions, who endeavoured to rescue him - they came up on his giving a signal.
Prisoner. It was the people passing who interfered. Witness. I am certain he called out something, which I could not understand; they then came up, and endeavoured to rescue him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY BUXTON
               



            . I am a constable. The prisoner was delivered into my custody; we were obliged to shut him into a gateway to secure him; his companions said, "Let us get him away;" I got assistance, and took him to the Compter.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was passing; the whip laid on the footpath; I picked it up - the prosecutor collared me, and held his knuckles in my throat before I touched him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
