




1418. 




CHARLES DAVIS
 and 



ROBERT SHEARING
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
7th of May, 5 spoons, value 4s., the goods of 



Thomas Newen, the master of the said 



Charles Davis.






THOMAS NEWEN
. I live in Euston-square. Davis lived with me in May, as footman, and had been so about three months—I have seen Shearing repeatedly at my house—I conceived he was aasisting Davis—he did not attend at table, nor was he a servant of mine—I heard Mrs. Newen ask Davis for some dessert-spoons, as there were not sufficient on the table on the 22nd of May—he replied that there were none—he had the charge of the plate—after dinner, I examined the pantry, and there was a deficiency of eleven dessert-spoons, three table-spoons, six tea-spoons, and three egg-spoons—I told him he must know where they were—he said he did not—I sent for an officer directly, and put him into custody; and before the officer took him away, he said he had pledged two of the spoons in the New-road, at Lance's, I think—he said he knew nothing of the remainder.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. When you say, Davis told you he had pawned the spoons, who was present? A. I am not quite certain whether the policeman was present—he was close at hand—I am positive he confessed to two of the spoons being pawned—my impression is, he said he had pawned them—I may possibly be mistaken; he might have said somebody else pawned them—I did not know they were pawned—I said, "You had better confess where they are, and it will be better for yon"—I did not say I would forgive him—I recollect the cook being asked to have her boxes searched—she objected to the officer searching them, but not to her mistress searching them; and her mistress did search them.





EDWARD COE
. I am a policeman. I was called into the prosecutor's house on the evening in question—he said he had missed a quantity of spoons, and wished me to question his man-servant and the females concerning it—I asked Davis if he knew any thing of the plate that was missing—he said he did not—I asked him when any of them were missed—he at first said the night before, and then the next morning—I asked him if he had had any person there—he said he had had a friend the night before, and the cook had had a friend likewise—I asked him if he had any reason to suspect his friends—he said he was certain they would not be guilty of such a thing—I asked him their residence—he said he did not know where they lived, nor their names; but he knew them at fellowservants

in some place—he mentioned the gentleman's name where they had been living, but I do not recollect it—I heard him tell Mr. Newen he knew four of the dessert-spoons were at a pawnbroker's, in the New. road—he did not give the name—he said he gave them to a friend of his, who was there the night before, to pawn them—I asked him about the duplicate—he said he knew nothing about the ticket—Mr. Newen was writing down, in his presence, what plate was missing—the prisoner took the pen from Mr. Newen's hand, and wrote down the name of "Robert Shearing," as the person who had pawned the plate, on the back of the paper—I asked him if he knew where he lived—he told me he did live at a coffee-shop in Soho-square, but he believed he had removed from there a fortnight before: and I had no occasion to go after him, because he would be there at eight o'clock that evening, to spend the evening with him—I placed another officer to wait for him at the door, and I took Davis to the station-house.

Cross-examined. Q, You say, he gave an account of the four spoons; was that in answer to a question put to him by his master? A. I cannot say, as I did not hear any question; but I heard him say he knew where four spoons were, I immediately came to him and said I should take him into custody from what I had heard him say.





CHARLES WOODHAM
. I am in the service of Mr. Lance, a pawnbroker, in the Palace-row, New-road. I have three dessert-spoons which I took in pledge; two on the 28th of April, and one was taken in on the 4th of May, which I know nothing about—I lent 11s. on the two spoons on the 28th of April—Davis was the person who pawned them, in the name of Thomas Norton—I am certain of him.

Cross-examined, Q. At what time was it? A. To the best of my knowledge, it was in the middle of the day.





BENJAMIN KITCHEN
. I am in the service of Mr. Cordwell, a pawnbroker. I have two tea-spoons, which were pawned, on the 7th of May, for 4s., in the name of Thomas Norton, by the prisoner Shearing; and two dessert-spoons, pawned on the 15th of April, for 10;., by Shearing also, in the same name—I have two others, which I did not take in, and do not know who pawned them.





CHARLES SNELLING
. I am shopman to Mr. Whiskard of Charlton-street, Somers-town. I have a table-spoon; I did not take it in, but was present when Shearing brought it, on the 7th of May, and pawned it in the name of Samuel Norton for 8s.





HENRY WILLIAM MORRISON
. I am a constable of Marylebone office. I went on Sunday night, the 31st of May, in the neighbourhood of Soho-square, to the Fish and Bell public-house, and there saw the prisoner Shearing—I asked if his name was Shearing—he said, "Yes"—I said I was an officer, and must take him into custody; he was my prisoner—he said, "Very well; I will go with you"—I said, "Need I tell you for what?"—he said, "I suppose it is about the affair In Euston-square"—I said it was—he said he knew nothing at all about it, and he would go with me—there had been an examination at the office a week before, and I asked him how it was he did not appear at the office on the morning Davis was brought there, according to his promise, as I understood he had promised to do so—he said, if he had, he knew he should be punished—I said he need not be afraid of being punished if he had committed no offence—he said, some time after, that is was in consequence of there being a warrant out against him for bastardy.






THOMAS NEWEN

re-examined. These are all my spoons, and have my initials on them.

DAVIS—


GUILTY
—Aged 20.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

SHEARING—


NOT GUILTY
.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
