





1246. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     GLOVER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of February
, 36 trusses of straw, value 1l. 13s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Spicer, the younger




            .


                  ROBERT 
                  SPICER
               



            . I live at Langley, in Bucks. On the 4th of February I drove from Langley a load of straw for my son Robert, and when I got to Oxford-street I met the prisoner, who asked me if that load was to be sold - I said Yes; he said he thought he couldhelp me to a customer for it - he took me down Portland-mews


, to Mr. Collins' stable; Mr. Collins had the straw, and the prisoner had the money - he said to me,
"I will give you the money presently;" he got behind the cart, and went away - I sold it to the prisoner, and he sold it to Mr. Collins, in my presence, for 3s. more; I did not intend to let him have it without the money - I expected he would pay me when he got the money; we always have the money on corn as it is unloaded - he was to pay me 33s., and he sold it for 36s.; I told him I did not intend to part with it without the money - the straw was weighed; he slipped away unknown to me.
ROBERT SPICER, JUN. The straw was mine; I sent my father with it - on the 28th of April I found the prisoner in the New-road, and took him into custody - I told him he was the man I wanted to see about the load of straw; he said he would make it up to me, but he had no money then - he went away; I followed him, and said he had better make it up - he then ran off; I called and ran after him - a man stopped him; the officer came and took him - he said he would pay me 3s. or 4s. at a time, as he got it.
Prisoner's Defence. I had three loads of straw of the old man; I took the last load to the same person as the first - I asked the old man the price in Oxford-street; he said a guinea and a half - Mr. Collins asked the price, and I said 10 1/2d. a truss; there were 180lbs. short of weight - Mr. Collins said he would not pay, and he had a good mind to lay the fine on him; I said I knew nothing about it, and perhaps the man did not know it; he paid me, stopping 6s. for the short weight.


                  ROBERT 
                  SPICER
               



            , SEN. He had bought of me before, and has paid me, but this time he gave me the slip, and I had not 1d. to carry me home.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 51. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
Before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
