





171. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     ODELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of November
, 1 candlestick, value 2s., and 2 earthenware ornaments, value 2d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert Pring 
                     Snell
                  




               
            .
ROBERT PRING SNELL. I live in Essex-street, Whitechapel


. On the 4th of November I let the prisoner a furnished room, at No. 100, Wentworth-street - I shewed her up stairs; she wanted it for herself, her husband, her sister, and her husband, and said she must have double goods of all sorts for them; the room was then empty, but I furnished it directly, and among the things I put in a candlestick, but not the one stated in the indictment - this she took from where I live in Essex-street; she was to pay 6s. a week for the room she hired, and she paid it nightly for fifteen days - another woman and two men came to the room; I missed my candlestick on the 20th of November, and from some information I went to the prisoner's room; I met the man on the stairs with a flannel waistcoat on - I did not see him in the room; I took the prisoner, and gave her into custody - I did not miss the candlestick from my own house; when I returned from the office it had been brought back again by the woman who bought it of her.


                  ANN 
                  MARTIN
               



            . I live at No. 101, Wentworth-street. I know the prisoner by sight - she brought this candlestick to me on the 20th of November, about three o'clock: she offered it me for 10d. - I bought it of her; she said her baby was dead, and she wanted it to buy coals and candles - I heard Mr. Snell had been robbed; I took it to him - I returned it the same day.


                  JOHN 
                  SNELL
               



            . I received it again on the 20th of November - the prisoner had been there while I was at home, and asked me to trust her a pint of ale till she brought me the rent at night; she went in, drank it, and stole the candlestick - I told my man to draw the ale, and I went out; this is the candlestick.
Prisoner's Defence. The woman who took the room I had known six years ago in Ireland - she said she had a sick child, and I went to nurse it; they employed me to sell some things for them - there was a man taking a pint of beer at the prosecutor's, and he came and asked me to sell this candlestick for him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
