





796. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     COPPING
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 24th of March
, 1 tippet, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Mary 
                        Bird
                     




                  , well knowing it to have been stolen; against the Statute
            .


                  MARY 
                  BIRD
               



            . I live at home with my father, who is a carman at Mr. Berry's, on Holborn-hill. On Sunday, the 24th of March, I was at St. Sepulchre's church


, in one of the side aisles, while the congregation were singing I stood up, and left my tippet on the form - I immediately missed it; I saw it at the watch-house in an hour and a half - I know it is mine.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TURNBULL
               



            . I am beadle of St. Sepulchre's. I was there on the 24th of March; I was called into the portico, and told a little girl had lost her tippet - I inquired of her, and in consequence of what she told me, I went to No. 8, West-street, where I found the prisoner, who keeps a common lodging-house; I took a little boy with me, who told me he had sold it there - he pointed to the prisoner, and said she gave him sixpence for it; she denied it, and said to the boy, "You never sold me a tippet - you are quite mistaken;" I said,"It is of no use your denying it - it is only a few minutes since you received it, and gave sixpence for it;" she then acknowledged she had got it, and brought it from the side of the fire-place, and gave it to me.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is the young gentleman here? A. No, he is only five years old; there was a woman and a man there, whom the prisoner said was her son-in-law.
Prisoner Defence. The boy said he was distressed, and had not had a bit of food all day, and I lent him sixpence on it; I asked him twice how he got it - he said he had picked it up.


                  SARAH 
                  READER
               



            . I was at the prisoner's house when the little boy brought the tippet; he asked whether she would buy it - she asked him two or three times where he got it - he said he picked it up in Smithfield; he said,"Give me sixpence for it, I am very hungry," and she did; he was to call as soon as he could get the money to replace it - he did not sell it, but left it there on pledge.
COURT. Q.Do you live in the house? A. No. but I am there a great deal when I am out of a situation - I make her house my home; she keeps a lodging-house - I never saw any boys there before; she put the tippet on the drawers in the kitchen - I never saw her have a tippet before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CAVETT
               



            . I am a ham-dealer. I was at the house when the boy came in with the tippet; the prisoner brought it into the kitchen - he said he was very hungry, and in distress; she asked where he got the tippet from - he said he picked it up in Smithfield; she hesitated - I said,"I think the tale the boy tells is very feasible - you may give it him, and if it is wrong, I am the person who persuaded you to do it."
JURY. Q.Was the door of the house open? A. Yes, it is open when I go there; I have not seen any company there; I have known the prisoner eighteen years - her husband was a milkman in Pool-terrace.
COURT. Q.How came you there? A. I once lived there; I now live in the Shambles at York - I am in town generally about two months in the Spring, and when in town I call at her house; I have not known so much of her lately - I have called there; I slept there last night - I have dined and breakfasted there; I have slept at her house more than a fortnight in the course of the last month; the door was open, and the beadle walked in there - the boy had been in before, I think about a quarter of an hour; I was there last Sunday and the Sunday before - that is not my place of residence; I live at No. 31. Cumberland-passage, and sometimes I am with my niece, in Little Marlborough-street; when I am with the prisoner, I pay her twelve shillings if I stop a week - that is my residence when I stop there for a week; I was surprised when the boy came in with the officer.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 59. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
