



1175. 




WILLIAM HAGGER
, was indicted

 for feloniously receiving on the 
21st of March, 16 half-crowns 60 shillings, and 40 sixpences, the monies of 




James Maskell; and 8 sovereigns, 1 half-sovereign, and 15 shillings, the monies of 



William Chaplin; well-knowing the same to have been stolen, against the Statute, &c.


JAMES MASKELL. I am book-Keeper at the White-Horse, Fetter-lane, on Monday, the 21st of March, I left the office at a quarter before ten o'clock—I locked my desk—there was about 5l. or 6l. loose in the desk; the next morning very early, I was fetched by a porter, and discovered this robbery, of which James Duncan has been convicted—he was tried last sessions—I went to Duncan's house, be told me a great deal—in consequence of that, I went to this prisoner's house, in Wych-street, Strand—I did not discover any property bat I had missed.





JAMES FALLON
. I know a boy of the name of Duncan, he was tried for this robbery at the White Horse, Fetter-lane. I had got a Key of the office—I could go in when I pleased—I had it about two days before the robbery—I knew Hagger, by working up the yard—I worked there, but Hagger had been turned out—he had been to help his father to clean the horses about eight days before the robbery—I went to Hagger's house, his father sent me there—I did not say any thing to Hagger—he asked me to take a walk, and I asked him how much money he had, and he told me had 1l. 12s. in money, that was taken from the office—we were not talking about it—I asked him how much he got of the money.

Q. What money? A. The money taken from the White Horse—I do not know who began the conversation—we had walked about a mile up the Kent-road—we had not talked about any thing—he said he had spent he 1l. 12s. that Duncan fetched the money to his house, he did not say.

where it came from—he told me he had been to Woolwich and spent the whole money—I supposed it was the money he got from the White Horse.

Q. Tell us the whole conversation? A. He asked me to take a walk, I asked him how much money he had—he told me 1l. 12s.—that is all I know.

Q. What did you mean by saying it was the money from the White Horse? A. Because I thought he could not get it any where else—we did not talk about Duncan.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Duncan has been convicted, and you were taken up for it? A. Yes.





CHARLES WALLER
. I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody, at No.41, Wych-street, Strand, about a fortnight after the robbery, (last Sunday fortnight, the 24th of April)—I had a key, which I found behind the waterbutt in the cellar, at No.41, Wych-street—that was the Key of the office at the White Horse—I told the prisoner I wanted him—he said, so he had heard—before I said any thing to him about the money he said, "I had none of the money"—I told him that I supposed he had heard all about it—he said "Yes"—I told him if he had anything to say, to say it before a Magistrate, not to say it to me, as perhaps it would be evidence against him—his father was sitting in the room at the time—he said no more till I was coming down Fleet-street—I asked him if he had seen Fallon, he said, "No"—I then said, "Fallon said that you had 1l. 12s. of the money"—he said, "No, I had but 1l. or so"—he said Duncan had brought the parcels and the Key to No. 41, Wych-street, to his house—that he was in bed—that Duncan opened the parcels and burnt the paper over the candle—he then went down into the cellar with Duncan, and Duncan put the money in a pot in the brick wall, and he himself had put the Key behind the water-butt—the next day, after being at the office, on taking him to the Compter, he said, "I did not tell Fallon that I had 1l. 12s. of the money, I had one sovereign and two new shillings, which I took off the table myself," that was all he said, except that he had been into the country to look for employment.

Cross-examined. Q. Why did you begin to question him, was it that you might draw something out of him, after you told him not to say any thing? A. I merely asked him if he saw Fallon, because Fallon said that he had not seen him at all—I was not alone, my brother officer was with me—he said he had not seen him—I asked him that question in the house as well as out—I said, Fallon says you had 1l. 12s. of the money"—my fellow-officer's name is Nunns—I can give no reason why he is not here—he heard it—Fallon had told the Magistrate that the prisoner had 1l. 12s.,—I took Fallon from the court here after the trial last sessions—he had been tried and acquitted—he was in custody after he gave his evidence—I saw Nunns this morning.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it—Fallon told me to go away—I told him I would not have any thing to do with it—he said he would, we should only get three months a-piece, and that would do us good.
(John Smith, a boot-marker of Wych-street, and Mr. Greenwood, a whipmarker, of Wych-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Seven Years.


First Jury before Mr. Recorder.
