




458. 




WILLIAM JENNINGS
 and 




ANN COLWELL
 were indicted for

 assaulting 



Mary Ann Matthews, on the 
27th of December, at 
St. George the Martyr, Southwark, and robbing her of 1 shawl, value 2s.; 3/4 I of a yard of silk, value 2d.; 1 purse, value 2d.; and 2s.; the goods and monies of 



George Matthews; and immediately before and at the time of such robbery beating and striking her.






MARY ANN MATTHEWS
. I am the wife of George Matthews, and live in Pitt-street, Old Kent-road. I was at the Bull public-house, in the Dover-road, on the 27th of December—both the prisoners were there with other people—I left the house about a quarter past seven o'clock—I was rather the worse for liquor—I had sufficient recollection to know what happened—the private door of my house is in William-street—the front door goes into Pitt-street—when I got to my door in William-street, I observed the prisoners, but not till they struck me on the head—Jennings came up and struck me first on the head with his crutch—(he is lame, and walks with a crutch)—it broke the comb in my head—he then put his hand into my pocket, and took out 2s. in my purse; and he took a piece of silk out about three quarters of a yard, which I used for a handkerchief—the woman took the shawl off my shoulders at the same time—they went away afterwards, but I was so frightened I scarcely knew where they went—I ran in doors, and screamed out, as I was so frightened—I had known the woman sometime before by sight, but never saw the man before—I dare say they were half an hour in the public-house before this happened—I saw my piece of red silk and shawl again at Union Hall.

Jennings. Q. Did you not give me the handkerchief off your neck? A. I never saw you before—I never gave you the silk—you did not pawn your own handkerchief to get beer with for me.

Colwell. Q. Did you not give me the shawl off your neck to pawn? A. I never did.





JOHN COLES
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in Dover-road, on Wednesday evening, the 27th of December, about seven o'clock, and saw the prosecutrix come out of the Bull, rather the worse for liquor, followed by the two prisoners—I asked Colwell if she knew where the prosecutrix lived—she said she lived at No. 5, Pitt-street, Old Kent-road—that was correct—she did not say why she was following her—there were two other persons with the prisoners—they left them at the Sunday toll—the prisoners continued to follow her to the end of my beat, in the New Kent-road—that was not above one hundred yards from where she was robbed.





THOMAS WATKINS
 (police-constable N 174.) I apprehended Colwell, at No. 16, Ann's-place, Kent-street—I said, "Ann, I want you"—she said

"Oh, Crutchey is coming"—the male prisoner is called Crutchey about the street—I said I want you for robbing a woman in Pitt-street, and asked where the shawl and purse were—she said she knew nothing about the purse, but the shawl was pawned at the top of Kent-street, in the name of Johnson, for 1s.—I went there and found it.





SAMUEL HOBELL
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in White-street, St. George's. I produce a shawl, which was pawned on the 28th of December, in the name of Ann Johnson, 7, George-street—I cannot positively swear who by.





JOHN CALLINGHAM
. I am a policeman. I apprehended Jennings on Friday the 29th, at the Black Horse, Kent-road, in the tap-room—I beckoned to him, and told him I wanted to speak to him, and said, "I suppose you have heard what for?"—he said, "Heard what?"—I found this piece of silk round his neck, which the prosecutrix claims.





MARY ANN MATTHEWS

re-examined. This is my piece of silk, and the shawl is mine, and the same I lost in company with the prisoners.

Jennings. She gave me the piece of silk to put round my neck, while she sold my own handkerchief to get liquor. Witness. There is no truth in it—I did not allow him to have it in exchange for pawning his handkerchief—he took it out of my pocket.

Colwell. She took her shawl off her neck, and gave it me to pawn Witness. I never did.

JENNINGS—


GUILTY
.† Aged 19.

COLWELL—


GUILTY
. † Aged 19. 



Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Serjeant Arabin.

