



1213. 




MARY ANN SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of April, at 

St. James's, Westminster, 4 pictures, framed and glased, value 10s.; 2 pieces of needle-work, framed and glazed, value 10s.; 5 window curtains, value 14s.; 2 blinds, value 4s.; and 1 vase, value 2s.; the goods of 



Peter Thompson, in his dwelling-house; and afterwards, about the hour of four in the night of the same day, burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house.






PETER THOMPSON
. I keep the Blackmoor's Head, in Jermyn-street, in the parish of St. James. On the 12th of April, I went to bed about one o'clock in the morning—I fastened the doors and windows myself—I was awoke a few minutes after five o'clock by three policemen—I went into the room these articles had been in, and missed them—they are worth 40s. altogether—the prisoner was in my tap-room at twelve o'clock the previous night, and I concluded she had gone out of the house—I saw her as far as the bar going out with her sister and a young man, but she must have concealed herself—they had a quartern of gin at the bar as they were going out.





JOHN WILLS
 (police-constable C 185.) I was on duty in St. James's-street on the morning of the 11th of April, about half-past four o'clock, and saw the prisoner on the opposite side of the way with these things carelessly wrapped up—I crossed over and asked what she had got there—she said some things she had brought from the place she-had been working at—I asked where she had been working—she said at the public-house close by—I asked if the person was aware she had brought the things away so early in the morning—she said she did not know—I said she must go with me to the station-house or to the place—she said she would not, but I might take the things if I thought proper—they were dropping from her—I took them from her, and took her to the station-house, and there she said it was no use telling a story about it, for she had taken them from Mr. Thompson's; that it was the first time she had done any thing of the kind, and she was sorry for it—I found Mr. Thompson's door open, and without any appearance of violence on it.

Prisoner. I was very much intoxicated. Witness. She appeared to me at first to have been drinking, but I afterwards thought it was being alarmed, as she then appeared collected, and said she might as well live another country as this.





PETER THOMPSON

re-examined. The things were in the front room, first floor—the blinds were torn down from the windows, and the hangings were torn down—these things are mine, (looking at them,) and were all taken from one room—the prisoner did not appear intoxicated in the least—if she had been, she could not have got the things down—the window-hangings were torn down from a great height—I do not know of their having more than the quartern of gin among the three.

Prisoner's Defence. I was drinking in Mr. Thompson's house till two o'clock in the morning, and was served by him—it is my first offence—I hope you will be merciful.




GUILTY
.—Aged 29. 


Transported for Ten Years.
