





1332. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             was indicted for, that 


               she on the 9th of July
, unlawfully, unjustly, deceitfully, and feloniously did put off to 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Cooper
                        




                     
                   a false and counterfeit 6d., knowing the same to be false and counterfeit; she having been previously convicted of having uttered on the 6th of August, in the third year of the reign of his present Majesty, a false and counterfeit shilling; and on the 15th of August, one other false and counterfeit shilling
            , against the statute, &c.
MESSRS. SCARLETT and GURNEY conducted the prosecution.
MR. 
               
                  CALEB 
                  EDWARD POWELL
               



            . I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction at the September Sessions, 1832, at Clerkenwell; I have examined it with the original, it is correct. (read.)


                  JOHN 
                  SUMMERSELL
               



            . I am a turnkey of the House ofCorrection; I know the prisoner, she is the person who was convicted at the last September Sessions.
HENRY COOPER. I am assistant
 to Mr. Robert Muliner Pite, a linendraper; he lives in Cranbourn-street


; on the 9th of July, the prisoner came to his shop for a piece of tape; I served her, it came to 1d.; she gave me a bad sixpence; I told her it was bad; Mr. Pite was standing by and heard me say so; he looked at it and asked her where she got it; she said her sister gave it her - she afterwards said a gentleman gave it her; after equivocating for some time, she said she lived in Newport-street; William Dunn was sent there to enquire, and from what he said, we sent for an officer and gave the sixpence to him - I marked it.


                  ROBERT 
                  MULLINER PITE
               



            . I received the 6d. from Cooper and gave it to the officer.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DUNN
               



            . I was sent from Mr. Pite's shop to No. 15, Little Newport-street, where I heard the prisoner say she resided; I found the house was empty.


                  JOHN 
                  TRUMAN
               



             (police-constable C 94). I was sent for and took the prisoner; I received this sixpence from Mr. Pite; I took the prisoner to the station-house but found nothing on her; she was put into the cell, and in two or three minutes she put out a good shilling and said she wanted some refreshment - I asked her where she had hid that, and she said under her garter.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLMES
               



            . I am a bookseller, and live in Duke-street, Grovesnor-square. On the 27th of June, the prisoner came there for a pennyworth of curling paper; I served her, and she gave me a bad shilling; I saw it in a moment and told her so - I said "Have you the impudence to come here again, when you were here on Saturday;" she said I was mistaken, she had not been there; I sent for an officer, marked the shilling and gave it him, with the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  WOODS
               



             (police-constable S 103). I took the prisoner from Holmes and received from him this shilling.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am inspector of coin for the Mint; these are both counterfeits.
Prisoner. I was intoxicated when I was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
