



2336. 




MARY DAVIS, alias
 Fury

, was indicted

for stealing, on the 
3rd of March, at 
St. George. Hanover-square, 1 cash-box, value 3s.; 4l. sovereigns, 5 half-sovereigns, 1 half-guinea, 6 half-crowns, 73 shillings, 9l. sixpences, 7 fourpences, 2 pennies, and 3 halfpence; 3 £10 Bank-notes, and 5 £5 Bank-notes, the goods and monies and property of 



Margaret Isabella Davis, in her dwelling-house: and afterwards, about the hour of 5 in the night of the same day, burglariously breaking out of the said dwelling-house.






MARGARET ISABELLA DAVIS
. I am a widow—I keep the Shakspeare

Tavern, in Lower Eaton-street, Pimlico, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. The prisoner was in my service, and left last November—on Sunday morning, the 4th of March, I went to bed, about one o'clock—my house was closed and fastened before I went to bed—I took my cash-box into my bed-room—it contained three £10 Bank of England notes, five £5 notes, forty—on e sovereigns, one half-guinea, five half-sovereigns, six half-crowns, seventy-three shillings, and ninety—on e silences—I placed the box on the drawers in my bed-room, and locked my bed-room door—after I was in bed, I heard a noise under my bed, bat supposing it was the kitten, I did not disturb myself—I awoke a few minutes before six o'clock in the morning, found the cash-box and property all gone, and the room-door unlocked—I also missed a few shillings from my pocket which was by my bed-side—I alarmed my brother and sister, who came into my room—this made a little noise in the house, and while that was going on, I heard a noise as if the dining-room window was thrown open, and somebody dropping into the street—I looked out of window, but saw nothing—this was about day-break—I gave information to the police—I afterwards saw my box, and part of my property.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Had you a servant at that time in your service? A. Yes—I cannot recollect her name—I think it might be Carver or Carder—she remained in my employ about a fortnight or three week after I missed the property—she had given me notice, and was on warning before the robbery—we did not make any cry of police when we found the window open—I have recovered my box again in the same state in which I am lost, locked, and with the same property in it—I have not sustained any low—I had locked my door—the dining-room is on the first floor—I cannot tell how high the window is from the street—there are some railings in front of the house—I do not know how far they are from the window—it was a minute or two after hearing the window open before I went to look out—there is a wooden door on the staircase which comes up the full height of the landing—that door is generally locked inside and out—there is no door which a person would have to get over—my servant has not been examined before the Magistrate or Grand Jury.

COURT. Q. When you locked your door inside, a person within your chamber could get out? A. Yes—my property must have been taken by some one within my room—when I went to bed my servant was in her bed, as I suppose—I had not been up to see her—I found her in her bed-room in the morning—the staircase-door was locked inside—that had not been opened—my room is up two pair of stairs, and the door is on the first pair—when I got up, that door was shut and fast as I had left it over night—nobody could have gone through it—a person could get to the dining-room without going through that door—I went into the dining-room, and found the window open—if a person dropped from the window they would drop without the rails surrounding the area—the window is over the door—they would drop into the street—there is a large lamp over the door—a person could spring to the lamp-iron, and then fall down and clear the rails.





LETITIA JOHNSON
. I live at No. 42, St. John's-square, Clerkenwell. The prisoner came to lodge at my house three weeks before this happened, and left me on the Saturday before this happened on the Sunday—the last time she was in my house was about one o'clock in the day on Saturday, but she came again on Sunday morning about half-past nine o'clock, and

went into her room, and was there about half an hour—when she went out she said she was going out to her mother's, and would return in an hour or so, but she did not come back—the policeman came to the house about an hour after, and searched her room—her box was in her room locked—the policeman sealed it, and left it there—he came again on Monday and opened it with a key—he took a tin box out of it which was taken to the Police-office, and he took out seven or eight packets of silver also.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had you known her? A. Two year—she lived in St. John's-square—I never knew that she had an acquaintance named Butler.





JAMES FOWLER
. I am a policeman. I received information of the robbery from Mrs. Davis on the Sunday morning, and went to No. 42, St. John's-square—Mrs. Johnson showed me a box in her room—I sealed it, and left it there—next morning I went to it and opened it with a key from a bunch which a person had—I found on the top of the clothes eight packages of silver and gold, and under some of the clothes was this cash-box—I have given up the clothing to-day, on the prisoner's application.





ANN TAYLOR
. I lived near the prosecutrix at the time in question. On the Saturday night that her house was robbed I went up by the side of the house, about half-past ten o'clock, and saw the prisoner walk twice by it, and then go in—I saw her go into the green door in the passage.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know her before? A. Only by sight, by her living at Mrs. Davis's—I am quite sure it was her—I do not know the servant, Ann Carver—I have seen her by going to fetch my beer there—the house was open at that time.





WILLIAM DAMAN
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on the 29th of September.

Cross-examined. Q. Where? A. In Peartree-street, St. Luke's, quarrelling with three or four more females—I took her in consequence of something a woman said—I did not see the woman with her—she was not before the Magistrate—I told the prisoner I was going to take her to the station-house on suspicion of stealing the cash-box—she said she never saw the cash-box, and knew nothing about it—I was not aware, when I went before the Magistrate, that any other person was charged as being connected with the transaction—I have not made any inquiries after the servant, Ann Carver.

MRS. DAVIS
re-examined. This is my cash-box—it contains the property I lost—I do not know that the prisoner was in the habit of washing for my servant.
(—Kenny, of the Red Lion, White Horse-alley; and Catherine Donovan, wife of Lawrence Donovan, of the Two Sawyers, Tooley-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.
