





1515. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     MORRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of September
, 3 frocks, value 10s.; 2 petticoats, value 3s., and 1 quilt, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Margaret 
                     Colles
                  




               
            .


                  MARGARET 
                  COLLES
               



            . I am single
, and live with my sister. This property was in a chest of drawers, which I had left at my aunt's - I sent for the drawers on Friday fortnight, and then missed the articles; the drawers were locked, and I had the key - I had left them safe on the 16th of July; a key was found on the prisoner, which opens them - she was servant to my aunt's lodger, but had left her.


                  JOHN 
                  BRIGG
               



            . I am son of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Brigg
               



            , of No. 14, Milton-street. I received information from my cousin of this robbery, and having suspicion of the prisoner I went and found her at Bethnal-green; I told her Mrs. Kilby wished to see her, but instead of her coming, her mother came - the prisoner had the frock on; I went to her a second time, and gave charge of her.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WYBERT
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was called, and took the prisoner; she had this frock on her, which the prosecutrix swore to - she pulled it off herself, and threw it in a corner of the room; I went back again, and found her in another house.(Frock produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The Policeman asked where I got the frock - I said it was one I bought; he went up stairs, and I said Brigg might take it to his cousin to look at - he then went to the Red Deer, came back, and took me.
JURY to 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BRIGG
               



            . Q. Did you say the gown she had on was your cousin's? A. No.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
