




627. 




HANNAH SULLIVAN
 and 




MARGARET TEER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
23rd of January, 123/4 yards of ribbon, value 5s., the goods of 



John Hawes Swann; and that the said 



Margaret Teer had been before convicted of felony.






ANN CHAPMAN BAILEY
. I serve in the shop of my master, Mr. John Hawes Swann; he is a hosier and haberdasher, living at No. 127, Goswell-street. On the 23rd of January the two prisoners came to the shop, at six o'clock in the evening—they came in together, and Teer asked for some satin ribbon—I showed them some—Sullivan bought some first, and then Teer bought some, and while she was doing so Sullivan took ibis piece out of the drawer—it is twelve yards and three quarters of gauze ribbon—I saw her take it out of the drawer and put it under her cloak—after Teer had bought a piece they went out of the shop—they walked out, and I told Mr. Swann, who was in the next room—he immediately followed them, and they were brought back—they are the same persons.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did I understand you to say that it was after Sullivan took the ribbon that Teer bought some? A. Yes—I was standing behind the counter, which it about a yard wide—I was opposite them, and looking at them—Sullivan put the ribbon under her cloak with her right hand—she brought her hand out again—I let Teer buy some ribbon, and suffered them to go out, and then I told Mr. Swann—I did not challenge Sullivan with it—I thought it Vas best to tell Mr. Swann—I did-not call him before the prisoners went out—we had suspected Sullivan of stealing before, and had consulted a policeman the night before, and he told us to let them get outside of the shop—my mind was impressed with the idea that something would be taken when they came in—Sullivan took it, and they walked out of the shop—Mr. Swann was in the next room at tea.





WILLIAM SWANN
. I was at my brother's on this evening the two prisoners were in the shop, and directly they were gone the witness came and told us they had stolen a piece of ribbon—I and my brother went out—they crossed the road in a hurry, quite in a run, the moment they saw us—my brother followed them, and brought them back—they were very willing to come back into the shop—he asked me to fetch a policeman—I went out but did not succeed, and when I came back they were gone to the station-house—I went into the show-room and spoke to my sister—she requested me to go into the street, and about thirty yards from the prosecutor's shop I picked up this piece of ribbon, standing on its end in the dirt.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you call this ribbon? A. I am not in the line—my brother is—I am a carpenter—the prisoners ran across the road—I was as near to them as I am to you—I followed my brother—he followed them across the road—he requested them to come tack, and I went for a policeman—when I came back without one they were gone.





JAMES WAITS
 (police-constable G 89.) I took the prisoners into custody.






JOHN HAWES SWANN
. I was at home at this time. I was informed of what had passed, and pursued the prisoners—they saw me and my brother—they were only on the step of the door—when they saw me they went about two houses and then ran across the road, and separated—Sullivan attempted to run into a green-grocer's shop—I caught hold of them both and requested them to come back.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What do you call this? A. Ribbon—it is gauze ribbon—that is the name by which it is known in the trade—the prisoners came back very quietly when I asked them.
(MR. PRENDERGAST, on the part of Teer, stated that there was no proof that she had ever been in the shop before—that on this occasion she only went to purchase an article, which she did, and might not have known what was done by Sullivan.)





HENRY WILSON
, (City police-constable No. 34.) I produce this certificate of the prisoner Teer's conviction which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—she is the person who was tried and convicted.

SULLIVAN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

TEER*—


GUILTY
. Aged 18




Transported for Seven Years.
