








651. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE PARSONS 
                     PHELPS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     CLARKE
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NELSON
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of January

, 1 pair of trousers, value 14s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Evans
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     FLANNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute, &c.


                  JANE 
                  EVANS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Evans
               



             - we live in Pelham-street, Spitalfields



. On the 14th of January I put a pair of trousers out in our yard, at half-past two o'clock - I went out at four, and saw them safe; there is a wall round our yard, and on the other side of it is Mr. Sykes' timber-yard; I missed the trousers at a quarter-past four.


                  ALFRED 
                  MILES
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Miles
               



             - we live in Hunt-street, Mile-end New-town. On the 14th of January, about four o'clock, I was in Mr. Sykes' timber-yard, playing with some boys; the three boy


s at the barcame into that yard, and said they would mill us if we did not go out - the boys who were at play with me went out, but I staid: the prisoners were then going to rub dirt in my eyes, but I ran through a house - I then returned to the yard, and saw Phelps and Clarke, but not Nelson - I saw Phelps jump off the wall of Mr. Evans' yard, with something under his jacket; Clarke was standing about six inches from the wall - his face was to the wall, and he appeared to move about; they then went out of the gate together, and went up Montague-street.
THOMAS EVANS. I went, in consequence of some information, to No. 4, George-street, Whitechapel, with the officer; I saw Flanner there - he asked if I had lost any thing; I said Yes, a pair of trousers, on the 14th, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon - he gave a duplicate from his hand to the officer; we then went to the pawnbroker with Flanner, where these trousers were produced, which are those I lost.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Is that all that Flanner said? A. Yes, all he said to me - the officer had been in some time before me; I went to the office with the officer and Flanner - I am quite certain these are my trousers; here is a mark where they are broken out behind, when I went larking at a public-house the first night I had them, and here is a hole at the bottom of the legs.


                  JAMES 
                  HOLEHOUSE
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker in Whitechapel. I have a pair of trousers, pawned at our shop by Flanner, on the 14th of January, about six o'clock in the evening, for 5s. - I gave him this duplicate, and I have the counterpart of it.
Cross-examined. Q. How far is your house from George-street? A. About three hundred yards - Flanner had before pawned things with us - he gave his right name.


                  ZACHARIAH 
                  BAKER
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I apprehended Nelson, in consequence of some information, in his mother's house - his mother let me in; when I saw him he said, "I did not take the trousers, it was Phelps, and they were sold at Flanner's, in George-yard, for 4s. 6d.;" he said the money had been divided between three of them, and he had been to the theatre in the evening; I took Phelps and Clarke to the station, and on the following morning I went with the prosecutor to Flanner's, in George-street; I rapped several times at the door - Flanner put his head out, and said, "Who is there?" I said, "A friend;" he let me in, and the prosecutor staid in the street for a minute or two; I asked Flanner where the trousers were which he had bought of the three boys; he hesitated, and said they were not in the house - I said, "Have you pawned them?" he said Yes; I said, "Give me the duplicate, and I will get them" - the prosecutor came in while he had the duplicate in his hand; we went to the pawnbroker's - Flanner said when he gave me the duplicate, "There is no occasion for me to come - I have not the money to get them out;" I said, "I can get them without money;" he did not state where he got them.
Cross-examined. Q. Did he at any time tell you where he got them? A. No, not till he got to Worship-street - he was at first admitted as a witness; I was at his door three or four minutes before I got in - I was in plain clothes; he could not tell who I was - there was time for him to have destroyed the duplicate; the prosecutor was at the door two or three minutes after I got in - I have seen Flanner before; he is married, but I do not know his family.
Nelson. I did not tell the Policeman what he has stated - two women at No. 9, Rose-lane, told him that a pair of trousers were brought in there, and Flanner had bought the duplicate. Witness. No, I did not hear that till Flanner stated it at Worship-street.
Phelps. I was not there when they were bargaining for these trousers - I was going along, and a woman called me over, as my father was there intoxicated; I took him home, and did not see Nelson or Clarke till half an hour afterwards, in Rose-lane.
Nelson. The Policeman called me aside, and said, "I will give you 10s. if you will tell me where Flanner lives;" I said, "I don't know, only a woman said he lives in George-street."
ZACHARIAH BAKER. I said nothing of the kind.
Flanner's Defence. I was called on between five and six o'clock in the evening, and a woman asked me to buy a pair of blue trousers; I saw the trousers on the bed - I said, "I don't want them - I have no money;" she then said I might go and pawn them - I said, "I don't like such a thing - I don't know whose they are," but I took and pawned them - I gave her the money: one of the boys went with me - she kept the 4s. 6d., and said the boy might have the halfpence himself - the trousers were not in my house; I have a family of ten motherless children to support.
Flanner received a good character.
PHELPS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
CLARKE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 12.




               Confined Seven Days
            , and 



               Whipped
            .
FLANNER - GUILTY. Aged 44.




               Recommended to Mercy
            . - 


               Confined One Month
            .
NELSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
