






553. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     STANLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROGERS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of January
, 3 window-sashes, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Smith
                        




                     
                  , and fixed to a building of his
            ; against the Statute, &c.


                  THOMAS 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live at No. 16, Southampton-street, Leicester-square


; I have a house, No. 13, in that street. In consequence of what I heard I went there on the morning of the 28th of January - I found that three sash frames had been cut out; these are them - they had been cut out on the evening of the 27th of January, but I had not seen them for five or six weeks before; they were back window sashes - I had passed the house three or four times a day, and know the door was fast; an officer took me to Mr. Clements', Upper Rathbone-place, where I found the sashes.


                  GEORGE 
                  HARDISTY CLEMENTS
               



            . I live in Rathbone-place. I saw the two prisoners on the 7th of January, and again on the 27th - they brought me three sashes to sell; I agreed to buy them, in order that I might keep them in talk while I sent for a Policeman - they came about seven o'clock in the evening, and were taken; I had bought some of them before, and got into trouble about them.


                  JOHN 
                  TREVEY
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was sent for, and took the prisoners on the 27th of January, about twenty minutes after seven o'clock - they were in the shop, and Mr. Clements said they were the persons who brought the former sashes; I told them I took them on suspicion of stealing these sashes - they said they should tell those who sat in higher authority than I did, where they got them.(Property produced and sworn to.)
STANLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
ROGERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
