



900. 




WILLIAM WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of March, 1 bag, value 6d.; and 28lbs. weight of tea, value 5l. 5s.; the goods of 



John Johnson and others.







JOHN JAMES GREEN
. I am porter to William Oldham, of Union-street, Borough. On Saturday, the 14th of March, at a quarter before seven o'clock in the evening, I was in Wood-street, opposite Pickford's yard—I had occasion to follow a cart loaded with tea chests and bags—I had a truck, with about five hundred weight in it, and a little boy with me, and a dog—I saw the prisoner take the truss, or bag, out of the cart, behind the near wheel—he; placed it at the corner of Maiden-lane—as soon as I saw him take it I was convinced he was a thief—I seized hold of him—he took the tea off the cart and deliberately put it at the corner of Maiden-lane—I then took him—the cart moved on to Pickford's—I kept the prisoner till a policeman came and took him—the cart had gone into Pickford's yard.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you dined? A. Yes; I have taken nothing more than I usually do—I am quite sober now—I have had no spirits to-day—I think I might be two yards from the cart—it was not exactly day-light—it was a quarter before seven o'clock, in the evening—I saw the carman come round to the near wheel, and he asked the man who was in the cart how many he had coming out there—I had been a sufferer before myself—I took the man directly—I was determined he should not get out of my clutches—I had seen a policeman, and called "Thief! thief! thief!"—I was struck by three of them—the prisoner was very ressistable in the first instance—I took possession of the tea expecting that some one of the accomplices would come and take it.





STEPHEN POWELL
. I was opposite Pickford's yard, and heard "Thief! thief! thief!" cried—I crossed over, and saw the last witness with the prisoner by his side—he said, "You are mistaken; it was not me;" the witness said, "It was you."

Cross-examined. Q. Had he got hold of him? A. He was stopping him, and prevented his coming past—I will not swear he got hold of him—the prisoner did not offer to run away—he stood quite unconcerned.

JURY. Q. Did you see any blows? A. No; I did not—there was a stoppage in the street.





JAMES HALL
. I am warehouseman to John Johnson and others. This is their property—I delivered it to Lucas to take to the Axe Inn, Aldermanbury.





ROBERT LUCAS
. I was the carman—I had this parcel of tea in the cart—I did not miss it till the prisoner was taken—I found it in Pickford's yard with the prisoner—it had been safe in the middle of the cart about five minutes before.

JURY. Q. What state was the cart in? A. I had about fourteen loads—this one could not have rolled off.

Prisoner's Defence. I was in Wood-street, and stopped with the stoppage—there were five or six people round—I asked them if they had seen me do any thing—they said, "No"—I declare solemnly I am innocent.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
