



1508. 




WILLIAM STROUD
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering a building within the curtilage of the dwelling house of 



John Boyce, on the 
6th of June, and stealing therein 3 pairs of boots, value 4s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 6d.; 1 handkerchief, value 4d.; and 1 table-cover, value 6d.; his goods; and 9 brushes, value 7s., the goods of 



William Coventry.






ARTHUR EDGOOSE
 (police-constable N 145.) On Tuesday, the 6th of June, I was at the corner of King's-road, Kingsland-road, and saw the prisoner coming from Hoxton, about two o'clock in the morning, with a bundle on his head—I asked him what he had got in that bundle, and where he got it—he said his sister gave it to him, who lived in Waterloo-town Mile-end—cook took it from him, and 6 took him into custody.






WILLIAM COOK
 (police-constable N 96.) I was with Edgoose, and took the bundle from the prisoner—I found three pairs of boots, one pair of shoes and sundry odd shoes and brushes in it—they were tied in a green baize table-cover.





JAMES WILLIAM HUNT
. I live in Gee-street, Shoreditch, and am a painter. These brushes are mine—I was at work with them the day before—I know all these belong to William Coventry, my employer—I left them in the brewhouse.





MARY ELLIS FLEGG
. I am servant to John Boyce, of Wallis-buildings, Kingsland-road—he is an examiner at the Board of Excise. The boots and shoes, handkerchief and table-cover, produced, belong to him, and were taken from Mr. Boyce's brewhouse—six tiles had been taken off the roof, which would admit a person—the brewhouse forms apart of the premises, and is connected with the dwelling-house, and enclosed with a wall, which wall joins the dwelling-house—the premises are enclosed with a wall in the yard of the dwelling-house—the brushes were kept in the brew-house with the boots,

Prisoner's Defence. As I was corning home, I saw somebody throw the bundle down and run away—I took it up, and was taking it to the light to look at it, when the policeman came and took me.





ARTHUR EDGOOSE

re-examined. when I took him he was not looking at the property—he came by a gas-light.




GUILTY
 of breaking and entering, and stealing the brushes only. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
