





1054. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  ROSE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of May
, 2 pair of trowsers, value 13s.; 1 jacket, value 1s. 9d.; and 1 frock, value 3d.; the goods of 
                     
                        Christopher 
                        Tucker
                     




                  , and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  ANN 
                  TUCKER
               



            . I am the daughter of Christopher Tucker, we live in Union-court, Holborn


. The prisoner had lodged at our house - he came again on the night of the 26th of May - there was no one at home but me - he said he wanted his bed again - I said he could not till the woman came in- he said he must - he forced the door and went in, and took this jacket and frock, which were in that room - I was looking through a pane of glass, and saw him - he then went to a box and took two pair of trowsers - he put the jacket by his side, and came out of the room, and said he would wait till my father came in - he then said he would go next door and have a pint of beer - I told him I had seen him take some clothes, and asked him to give them to me - he said they were his own clothes, that he had put there that day week - I said he must give me the clothes again - he said he would go next door, and wait till my father came- he then ran off, and I called, "Stop thief" - I saw him taken.
Prisoner. I told you I had left some clothes there, and you said your father did not wish me to come again.
Witness. No; you only said you wanted to go to bed - the room door was not open - there was no person there - I had been in the room during the week; you had left nothing there at all; if you had, I must have seen it - only one other man lodged there; he had left no clothes.
CHRISTOPHER TUCKER. I am father of this girl. These things are all mine - I had left them at home that night - the trowsers were in a trunk, I had been in the room during the week he had been away - I had seen nothing of his there.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you see me bring a handkerchief in the first night I came? A. No; I saw nothing at all- he said he worked for Mr. Cubitt, but I could not go there for his character till two days afterwards, and then he left.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLARK
               



             (police-constable G 88). I took the prisoner - he was pulling off one of these pair of trowsers.


                  JAMES 
                  READING
               



            . I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner running with the clothes on - I brought him back - he had this pair of trowsers on over his own, and this jacket was under his flannel one, and this other pair of trowsers under that - he said he wanted the loan of these things.


                  ROBERT 
                  ECCLES
               



             (police-constable S 73). I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office - I know he is the man (read).



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
