



128. 



JOHN BALL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of October, 1 brush, value 8s. 6d. the goods of 



James Simmons: and 1 brush, value 3s. 6d., the goods of 



Thomas Rayment: and that he had been before convicted of felony.






RICHARD SYER
. I am a labourer. I was at work at some houses in Hyde-Park gardens, on the 25th of October—some white-wash brushes were missed from the stable of No. 16, there, and the next day 1 found two brushes concealed under some lime in a stall—I was placed to watch them, in a cistern over the stall where the brushes laid, and about six o'clock in the evening the prisoner came, and looked at them—he closed them up again, then wiped his hand, and walked away—I still kept watching, but no one came—on the Monday morning, the 28th, I was watching again for some time, when I was called out, and in ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, Mr. Allen came and told me the brushes were gone—these are them—(looking at them,)

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Do you know them? A. Yes—they were lost from a little room over the stable—one of them is

James Simmons's, and the other Thomas Rayment's—I saw the prisoner come and put his hand in the lime—he did not seem surprised at finding the brushes—he stopped, and seemed to listen, wiped his hand and went away.





CHARLES ALLEN
. I am a carpenter. I saw the brushes in the mortar—I saw the prisoner enter the stall on Monday morning, the 28th, and when he came away I missed the brushes.





JAMES SIMMONS
. I went to get my breakfast on the 28th, and heard Mr. Thomas, the clerk of the works, say, "There he goes "—I ran down and saw the prisoner—Mr. Thomas stopped him, and took these two brushes from him—one of them is mine, which I had missed.

Cross-examined. Q. Were they kept together? A. No—one was in one room, and the other in another—they were missed at one time.





THOMAS RAYMENT
. I am a plasterer. One of these brushes is mine—I had kept it in the stable, but not in the mortar.





WILLIAM WALLIS
. I am an officer. I received charge of the prisoner on the 28th, and produce the brushes.





CORNELIUS MURPHY
 (police-constable E 21.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the man.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.
