






863. 
               
                  
                     HARRIET 
                     ARNOLD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CATHERINE 
                     WHITE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of February
, 37 yards of cloth, value 27s.; 1 table-cloth, value 2s.; 3 sovereigns, and 2 half-sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Bingley
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  BINGLEY
               



            . I live with Mr. Jackson, an oil-man. On Monday evening, the 21st of February, a little after eight o'clock, I was going home from work, and met the two prisoners in Edgware-road; I had seen one of them several times before - they asked me to give them something to drink, which I did, and drank myself; I had been drinking, but was not the worse for liquor when I met them - I had two or three glasses with them; we went down Shouldham-street


, where I slipped down at the step of a door, and they took my purse out of my pocket.
Q. Did you fall from being drunk? A. I do not know - I had the linen and goods with me; my money was in my right-hand pocket - I did not feel that taken; when I got up it was gone, and the cloth laid on the ground - the prisoners had taken it away two or three times; they were trying to get it away.
Q. Did you see them trying to get it away? A. They were close by me - I slipped down at the door; I was rather in liquor - I do not know whether they gave me a push or not; I had felt them pulling at the cloth two or three times before I got to where I fell - I was going home, and not to any place with them; when I got up, the Policeman came and asked if I had lost any thing - I felt in my pocket, and my purse was gone; the table-cloth and linen laid on the ground.
Arnold. Q.When you were at the Coach and Horses did not a gentlemen offer to see you home, and you said No, you knew the person you was with, and she would take care of you, and did you not give the cloth into my hand? A. I did not - I gave her no money.
RICHARD HANCOCK. I am a Policeman. I saw the prosecutor about two doors from the Coach and Horses, Edgware-road, about twenty minutes to eight o'clock - he was alone; I saw the prisoners accost him and ask for drink - he went into the Coach and Horses with them, and came out in about ten minutes; Arnold then had the clothunder her arm, and had hold of one of his arms, and White the other - he was drunk; I followed them about three hundred yards, and called my brother officer to follow me - I did not see the prosecutor fall, but saw him on the ground, and Arnold ran away; I followed, her, pinioned her two arms, and said, "What have you got here?" she said nothing, but I took out of her hand the prosecutor's money bag - she said she had picked it up; there was no money in it then - I took them all three to the station-house, and searched her again; I could tell there was something in her month - I seized her throat; Clark put his finger in, she bit it, and there was there sovereigns and two half-sovereigns - Bingley claimed the bag, and said, "Where are my sovereigns?" I found nothing on White - she remained with the prosecutor when Arnold ran away; I saw them both carrying the cloth at times - it was on the ground when Arnold ran away; White had it when they went down the street - she did not attempt to run away.


                  CHARLES 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was on duty in Homer-street - Hancock came to me; I went with him - I kept on the other side of the way, and saw them all three fall together; the prisoners did not appear in liquor, but the man was - when I got up White stood by him, and had hold of one end of the cloth; Arnold had run away- Hancock brought her back; I found three sovereigns and two half-sovereigns in her mouth - I had great difficulty in getting it from her.(Bag produced and sworn to.)
Arnold's Defence. The cloth was given to me at the public-house door - he asked me to see him home; he was so much in liquor I could scarcely keep him up - White came into the house, and he treated us both; we had more drink at the Castle, and in the street he gave me the money to take care of - I took it out of the purse, put it into my mouth, and walked to Shouldham-street with him; he said he lived at No. 27, and then he said he lived in Newman-street - he keeps a house of ill-fame.
ARNOLD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
WHITE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
