





635. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of February
, 5 half-crowns, 4 shillings, and 3 sixpences, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Bell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
PETER BELL. I am a baker
. On the 12th of February I was coming down Long-acre, a female in a coach cried out Murder! a young man, who was with me, stopped the coach - an officer came, and took him and me to the station-house, in Covent-garden


 - we were put down stairs, where two or three other persons were, and this prisoner was one of them - I had five half-crowns, four shillings, and three sixpences in my coat pocket, with some halfpence; I am sure I had it when I was put below - I fell asleep, and when I awoke I did not miss my money till after day-light, about eight or nine o'clock; I then put my hand into my pocket, and missed it - one of the persons then told me to call down the gaoler, and see who the money was found on; before the officer came down the prisoner went towards the water-closet - I saw him put his hand into his pocket, and saw something white in his hand - he dropped something down the water-closet, and the officer found exactly the money I had lost, wrapped in a piece of the prisoner's shirt.


                  MATTHIAS 
                  FOREMAN
               



            . I am a mill-maker. I was in the station-house on a charge of being disorderly - I saw the prosecutor brought in; he sat down, and fell asleep- I saw the prisoner get up from where he was, sit down by the prosecutor, and soon afterwards I heard the sound of a sixpence fall on the floor - I had some suspicion, and pushed the shutter partly open, which threw a light on them, but I did not see any more - soon after day-light the prosecutor said he had lost his money, and his friend said, "You changed a sovereign just before you came in"- I said, "You had better have the gaoler down to search the people who are here;" the prisoner sat there, pretending to be asleep, but when I spoke he got up, and went towards the water-closet; I jumped up, ran to him, and caught his hand over the hole; something fell from it, which sounded like silver - I said, "You rascal, you have robbed the man;" he said, "If I have, I must stand the consequence of it;" the piece of rag was taken up, and the money, which the prosecutor claimed, was found in it - the officer ordered the prisoner to take off his shirt, and three parts of the tail of it was torn off - the piece, the money was in, matched it exactly.


                  GEORGE 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am a Policeman. The prosecutor was brought in for being disorderly - I went down to the cell when I was called, and found the parcel down the water-closet; I got it up - it contained five half-crowns, four shillings, and three sixpences - Mr. Thomas ordered the prisoner's shirt to be taken off, and this piece, in which the money was, matched it exactly; it appeared to have been torn off.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
