






1283. 
               
                  
                     JACOB 
                     STEEL
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CARTER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        William Joseph 
                        Smart
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOSEPH SMART
               



            . I live in St. Martin's-le-grand. I was in St. Paul's church-yard


 between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning on the 2nd of June - I had a handkerchief in my pocket; I cannot say how I lost it -I knew nothing of it till I saw it in the witness' hand; I have no recollection of seeing the prisoners near me till I was touched on the back by the witness - they were then close to me.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CHARLES MURRAY
               



            . I work for my father, and live in West-street, Smithfield. I was collecting jobs in the cutlery business, and was in St. Paul's church-yard - I saw Carter put his hand into the prosecutor's left-hand pocket; the other prisoner at that time had his hand on Carter's shoulder - Carter drew his hand out of the prosecutor's pocket, and put it behind him; his hand was close against the other prisoner's hand - I took hold of Carter's hand, with the handkerchief in it; I touched the gentleman, and said he had lost his handkerchief - the officer came up, and took the prisoners; Steel never had possession of the handkerchief.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.What are you? A. A journeyman steel letter-cutter. Carter said I took the handkerchief myself; he would say any thing, but I did not take it - he said before the Alderman that I took it and threw it on the ground, but he did not say it at the time; I do not know whether any of the persons are here: I believe the officer saw it - I cannot tell how many persons were about; it was by the corner at the Goose and Gridiron - it was the day the charity children went to St. Paul's; there were a great many people about - I served my time to my father; I have been a street-keeper, and have been a witness several times - I cannot tell how many times - it might be half a dozen; I cannot say it has not been four dozen times - an officer is often a witness; Ihave not always been a witness as an officer - I believe I have been sixteen or eighteen times a witness in this Court, and three or four times in the other, and three or four times at Westminster; I have not been a common cad to an informer - I was a constable in St. James', Westminster, six months, and left because my time was up; I was in the Police at Lambeth, and was dismissed for being asleep on my post - I had been in the country, and was put on duty directly I came back; that was the only charge against me - I was not an old watchman; I do not know what a cad to an informer is.


                  THOMAS 
                  PROTHEROE
               



            . I am an officer. I was in St. Paul's church-yard, and saw Carter put his hand into the gentleman's pocket - I rushed forward, and saw the handkerchief in his hand; I caught him by the wrist, and Murray took the handkerchief from him - Steel was pressing against him at the time.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.Did you know him before? A. No - there might be thousands of persons in St. Paul's church-yard; I have been a witness at Guildhall sixteen times, but this is the first time I have been here - I was a witness in cases that were not sent here.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.There was a considerable crowd? A. Yes - all I saw Steel do was to press against Carter; that might be from the effect of the crowd.
MR. SMART. This is my handkerchief.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You never saw it in possession of either of the prisoners? A. No - there was a great crowd about, I could hardly pass.
Carter's Defence. I picked up the handkerchief, and held it some time - this gentleman came and said I took it out of the prosecutor's pocket; the officer then came up and said he saw me take it, but he was not up for three minutes afterwards.
JURY to 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  PROTHEROE
               



            . Q. Did you see Carter take out the handkerchief? A. I saw his hand in the pocket, and saw the handkerchief in his hand afterwards; there was only one person between us.
CARTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
STEEL - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
