



301. 



JOHN BARRETT
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
9th of November, 1 sovereign, and 1 half-sovereign, the monies of the

 Lambeth Waterworks Company, his masters.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the monies of 



Thomas Casey.


MR. FISH
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS CASEY
. I am Clerk to the Lambeth Water-works Company. It is my duty receive money from persons who come to pay water-rates—I am answerable to the company for the money I receive—on the 8th of

November I marked nine sovereigns and three half-sovereigns in the presence of Mr. Nelthorpe, the secretary—(looking at some) this is part of the money I marked—there is a cross between the D in the figures—after marking them I placed them in this tin box, which has a patent Bramah lock—there were 20s. 6d. in silver in it—I locked the box and took the key away with me at two o'clock in the afternoon, leaving the box with Mr. Nelthorpe, who resides at the office—I went there next morning at nine o'clock, and saw Mr. Nelthorpe take the box out of my desk—it was locked—I handed him the key, he unlocked, it, and a sovereign and a half were missing—money has repeatedly been taken away, and I was obliged to account every Saturday evening for all water-rates received by me.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you mean to say you received all this money yourself? A. I did—Mr. Nelthorpe did not receive any of it—I never said I marked ten sovereigns and two half-sovereigns—I did not say so before the Magistrate—(looking at his deposition) this is my writing; but when my deposition was taken before the clerk a Union-hall, he made the error, and before the Magistrate I objected to it—he said, "Sign your name, I will after it," and I thought he had done so, but it appears he has not—I said before the Magistrate, "Nine sovereigns and three half-sovereigns"—I cannot say whether I said one pound and sixpence, or twenty shilling and sixpence—I had two keys to the box—one I carried with me, and left the other at my house.





JOSEPH NELTHORPE
. I am secretary to the Lambeth Water-works Company. I was present on the 7th when the money was marked, and on Tuesday the 8th, I saw the marks, and put them into the cash-box—this sovereign and half-sovereign part are of it—there were nine sovereign and three half-sovereigns marked and put into it—I gave the key to my clerk, Thomas Casey—the box was put into Casey's desk, the lock of which was imperfect and wanted repairing, and it was not locked—Casey came about nine o'clock next morning—I told him to get the box and put it on my desk, which he did—he gave me the key, and I opened it, I believe, and a sovereign and a half were deficient from the marked money—I saw the prisoner in the office about one o'clock that day—I believe nobody was present but the policeman and himself, but the clerk and others case in two or three minutes—I told him to lay all the money he had in his pockets on the table before the policeman—he did so, and there were, I think, two sovereigns, besides this sovereign and a half-sovereign, and some silver—I examined it, and found this sovereign and half-sovereign were those I had marked—I desired the policeman to take him into an inner room, and examined him, and in about five minutes he came out of the room, and produced a key, which he tried, and it opened the cashbox instantly, much easier than the right key—the prisoner has been in the service of the company five years and three quarters—he has been my house-servant as well, and knew the house perfectly well—the box was always kept under lock and key by Mr. Casey—it was purchased for the exclusive use of the company's money, for the balance left there at night—all the sovereigns and half-sovereigns were similarly marked.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you give this money to Casey to mark? A. No—I told him to mark what money there was on Monday afternoon—Mr. Casey is paid by the company, but he is under my control—I was at the police-office when he was examined—the clerk made a mistake in the number of sovereigns in Casey's deposition, which I told him was not correct,

and he said he would alter it—I rather think he made same mistake with regard to the umber of sovereigns in my deposition—I did not desire any error in mine to be corrected—I do not recollect that "ten sovereigns" was read over to me—it was the company's money—there was also 20s. in silver, besides the gold, in the box.

COURT. Q. Do the company take the money into their possession at all till the clerk accounts for it? A. Not at all—they had no key of it—Casey was answerable for the contents of the box—the money arose from little bealances from the water-rates, which it was not worth while to take to the banker's—we pay it in when it amounts to between 10l. and 20l.—the company are incorporated by Act of Parliament, (producing the Act.)

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. As Casey is your clerk, do not you account for the money to the company? A. It is accounted for through me.





JAMES MILLAN
. I am the office porter in the service of the company. On the morning of the 9th of November, between seven and eight o'clock, I had occasion to go into the office—there was no one there when I went in—while there I let the prisoner into the house, and he went into the office—he was there about ten minutes—I did not go in with him—there was no other person went in when he was there.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not go into the office yourself at all? A. Not when he went in—I went in before he came out, and found him there—he went away directly I went in—I did not see him do any thing.





THOMAS WHITEHEAD
 (police-constable L 103.) I was at the company's office on the 9th of November, with Mr. Nelthorpe, and a stranger was there—the prisoner came in—Mr. Nelthorpe called him forward, and desired him to empty his pockets—I also desired him to do so—he produced two sovereigns, one half-sovereign, and some silver—Mr. Nelthorpe looked at them, and identified a sovereign and half-sovereign as the marked money—there was no opportunity of substituting other money for it—this is the sovereign and half-sovereign which the prisoner produced from his pocket—they have been in my custody ever since—the marks were pointed out to me at the time he produced them—I found this key in his waistcoat pocket, which opened the box.

Cross-examined. Q. How long were you opening it? A. I suppose two or three minutes—in getting it out of the lock I broke a piece off it—I told the Magistrate I tried the key, and there was something so that it would not open it—the Magistrate sent me back to try it again, and it then opened it perfectly easy—it would not open before, because a key filed as this is, if you do not put it far enough, or too far, it will not open—I had tried it two or three times, and failed each time.

COURT. Q. What was the state of the key before it broke? A. There was a small nib on the key, which is now broken off—I believe it is an altered key—I never attempted to open a Bramah lock before, to my knowledge.





JOSEPH NELTHORPE

re-examined. The prisoner's business would not call him to the office at all, but having been so long in the service we did not mined his being in the office, and he used to come there for directions—he had no business there between seven and eight o'clock, but he might come, thinking orders might have been left for him the night before—he bore so excellent a character we never minded his being there—his business was to cut off the water from persons who refused to pay the rate—the other money found on him had been paid him by those persons—I never paid him any money from the cash-box—I had nothing

to do with it—he had been out all day with the Collector—when I charged him with robbery, he said, "I am not a thief."
(The prisoner received a good character.)




GUILTY
.—Recommended to mercy.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

