





1749. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL 
                     CRAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Oakes
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN OAKES. I live in Salisbury-court, Fleet-street. On the 26th of August, between five and six o'clock in the afternoon, I lost my handkerchief at the bottom of Farringdon-street, near Holborn-bridge


; I had used it ten minutes before - I have not found it; I did not observe the prisoner near me.


                  THOMAS 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I am a warehouseman in Cateaton-street. On the 26th of August, I was at a first floor window of a house in Farringdon street, and saw Mr. Oakes walking with a lady; I saw the prisoner, and two other boys rather older than him following Mr. Oakes -I saw the prisoner take a handkerchief from Mr. Oakes' pocket; I came down immediately - the prisoner had turned up Turnagain-lane; I laid hold of him - he had not then got the handkerchief; I thought it was a yellow one, but did not particularly notice it - the other boys were not taken.


                  FREDERICK 
                  GIBBINS
               



            . I am a perfumer, and live in Farringdon-street; I saw Mr. Oakes walking with a lady; I was sitting at my window - I saw the prisoner and two others; I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief from Mr. Oakes' pocket - he then danced away, apparently pleased, and then turned up Turnagain-lane, and gave it to one of the others, who had a blue surtout coat on; I pursued in a contrary direction to Mr. Johnson - I went up Skinner-street, and found the prisoner in Johnson's custody; I did not see the other boys.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KENT
               



            . I am a linen-draper, and live in Great Warner-street. I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket; I did not see what he did with it - I assisted in securing him.
Prisoner. I was not with any boys.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
