



785. 




WILLIAM FORD
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 12th February, 1 snuff-box, value 2d., the goods of 



William Armstrong; and 1 jacket, value 20s., the goods of 



Hannah Phillips.






HANNAH PHILLIPS
. I am a widow, and live in Phoebe-place, Poplar. The prisoner came to me on the 12th of February—I did not know him before—he said he was very much distressed for a lodging—I took him to, and he got me two notes, a month's advance note, and a month's note from the ship Lady Clark, bound to Jamaica—I went that day to buy tea and coffee and tobacco, for the prisoner to go to sea—the amount of the hill was upwards of 5l.—he brought me the two notes from the ship: a cash note, and a month note on Mr. Thompson, I believe, in Biliter-square—I did not go to get these notes changed—while I was out I lost a jacket and snuff-box—these are the things—I can swear to that jacket—I had it in any my possession ten months—this is the snuff-box—it is

my daughter's—she is 19 years old—her husband's name is William Armstrong—he is at sea.

Prisoner. The jacket she sold me for a sovereign—I was to pay her when I came back from Jamaica, but I spent my money, and went to go to the Hull steamer, but I was taken—she brought the jacket down for me to try on—I tried it and it fitted me. Witness. No, I never did; you bought me into debt 5l., and robbed me.

JURY. Q. You made no bargain with him about that jacket? A. No, never; it w as brought down to brush—he stole two duplicates out of a letter which belong to a young man at sea.





MARGARET PHILLIPS
. This snuff-box belongs to my sister's husband—his name is Armstrong—the prisoner stole it out of my box, which stood under the table.





JOHN JOSEPH SPELLER WEAR
. I live in Queen-street, Ratcliffe. The prisoner offered me a duplicate of a watch, and I gave him 4s. for it—I redeemed it, and pawned it again—he showed me another duplicate of a suit of clothes, but I did not buy that.





HANNAH PHILLIPS

re-examined. This duplicate is for the watch—it has been taken out and pledged again for 5s. more—he had the things he has on now from my getting them.

Prisoner. She sold me the jacket: that I can swear.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for seven Years.
