





780. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of April
, 2 handkerchiefs, value 4s., 2 half-crowns, and 1 sixpence
            , the goods and monies of 
               
                  
                     Daniel 
                     Fenn
                  




               
            .


                  DANIEL 
                  FENN
               



            . I am a labourer
, and lodged on the 28th of April in Crown-court, Liquorpond-street


. The prisoner lodged three nights in the same room - I had not known him before - I went to bed, on the night in question, at half-past seven - I had two half-crowns and a sixpence in my breeches pocket - I had a handkerchief in my pocket, and one in my hat - I put my clothes on the box, by the side of the bed - the prisoner was getting up at ten minutes past five the next morning, when I awoke - I fell asleep again while he was dressing; and when I awoke again, he was gone, and I missed my property - my handkerchiefs have been found - the money I could not swear to.


                  JOHN 
                  ALDRIDGE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have one of the handkerchiefs, but I do not know who pawned it - the young man who took it in is ill.


                  JOHN 
                  CLUDGEY
               



             (police-serjeant A 88). I took the prisoner at Charing-cross - I found this handkerchief round his neck, and this duplicate of the other handkerchief in his pocket - I told him what I took him for - he said he was not the man - he knew nothing about it.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to lodge there on the Sunday night - the prosecutor was not there when I went in - another young man slept in a bed by the side of me - he came in about one o'clock - I then awoke and heard a person walk across the room - I awoke about half-past five o'clock, and went out, but I did not take any property - one of these handkerchiefs I had had two years, and the other I bought of a friend.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
