





786. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     RAPLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of February
, 1 saddle, value 3l., and 4 bridles, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Anderson
                  




               
            .
DONALD ANDERSON. I am the son of 
               
                  William 
                  Anderson
               



             - he is a job-master and horse-dealer
. On the 21st of February our premises were broken into, and these bridles and saddles were taken from the counting-house, where they were safe on the 20th, between five and seven o'clock in the evening, and at half-past nine the next morning I knew the place was broken, and the articles were gone - the bridles have not been found; I know this saddle by the maker's name.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You have no other mark on it? A. No - the maker is Mr. Hall; he is an extensive maker.


                  WILLIAM 
                  KAY
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's service. I fastened his premises up about twelve o'clock at night, on the 20th of February; there were four saddles there then, to my knowledge; a man called me up between five and six o'clock next morning, and told me the premises were open - I came down, and found it was so; the door had been unlocked, and thrown open - I went into the counting-house, and missed the bridles; I did not miss the saddle: there were three saddles on the horse - I cannot swear to this saddle.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you not thrown down the keys to the farrier? A. Yes, between five and six o'clock in the morning, and then I went down and found the doors open - whether he opened them or not I do not know.
COURT. Q. How soon after you threw down the keys did you go down? A. Not three minutes; he called to me for the keys, and then said the door was open.


                  JOHN 
                  MUNDELL
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the 21st of February I stopped the prisoner in Holborn, carrying this saddle, concealed under his great coat, about half-past seven o'clock in the morning; I asked what he had there- he said a saddle, his own property, which he got from Mr. Biggs, at Brixton - I said I knew Mr. Biggs; he then said, "I brought it from my own place, at Brick-street;" I was going there, but a man met me, and I went with him to the prosecutor's - I found a pane of glass had been cut out of the window, and some one had got in; the door opens with a spring lock; a person not so stout as the prisoner could have got in where the pane was out - I took the saddle to Mr. Anderson.
Cross-examined. Q. Then it is clear the prisoner could not have got in the window? A. I do not think he could- I cannot tell whether he got it from any one else.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that he had met a man in Piccaditly, who employed him to carry the saddle to Holborn, where he would meet him.
JURY to MR. ANDERSON. Q. Do you swear positively to the saddle? A. Yes; I do not believe any one has blue girths but us - I swear positively this is the saddle we lost.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - Transported 


               for Seven Years
            .
