





260. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     SMALES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of January
, 17 sheep, value 25l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Camp
                  




               
             and another.
JOHN CAMP. I live at Waltham Cross, and am a timber merchant
 - I have one partner - we had nineteen sheep inclosed in a turnip-field at Enfield


 - my brother sold two of them, and the other seventeen were there - I know them by their marks - we missed them on the 20th of January, about nine o'clock in the morning - I came up to Smithfield and found the sheep - the sheep had been enclosed with hurdles in the field, and when I went and missed the sheep, one of the hurdles had been removed, and another broken down - thirteen of the sheep were marked J. C., and four were marked with two strokes of red ochre across the rump - I have had fifteen of them, and two skins are in the care of the officer - they were worth 25l.


                  JOHN 
                  LIVERSUCH
               



            . I live in Gun-court, St. John-street- on the 20th of January, between six and seven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner brought seventeen sheep to the pig-market, and told me he wanted a salesman to sell them- I told him my master would sell them, and I put them into a pen - he said they belonged to his father, whose name was Camp; but as he did not look like a shepherd or a drover, and he seemed rather flurried, I suspected him - I told the officer, and he was taken.


                  GEORGE 
                  LOCK
               



            . I am an officer - I took possession of the sheep, and put them into the Bear and Staff yard - I asked the prisoner whose they were; he said Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Chapman
               



            's, of Cheshunt-common, who was his father - Mr. Burrell saw the sheep, and said, in the prisoner's hearing, that he thought they were Mr. Camp's, and I detained the prisoner - Mr. Camp saw the sheep in the afternoon, and claimed them - I found the prisoner had given his wrong name, and I told him what his name was - I have the skins of two of the sheep.
Prisoner. I saw a man who asked me to go to market with the sheep; he said he would go with me, but I lost him.
(
               
                  John 
                  Cheek
               



            , of Waltham Cross, gave the prisoner a good character.)
GUILTY. Aged 27. - 


               Strongly recommended to mercy by the prosecutor, as a 
little drink affected his mind
            . -




               Transported for Life
            .
