



182. 




GEORGE RUFFLE
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Daniel Haybittle, about one o'clock in the night of the 
23rd of October, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 6 sovereigns, 5 half-sovereigns, 2 crowns, 50 half-crowns, 80 shillings, 6 sixpences, 4 fourpences, 24 pence, and 48 halfpence, the monies of 



George Shirwell: 2nd COUNT. stating them to be monies of the 

Overseers of the Poor for the time being, of the parish of St. Clement Danes: 3rd COUNT, stating them to be the monies of the 

Guardians of the Poor of the Strand Union, in the County of Middlesex: Three other Counts stating the dwelling-house to belong to the Guardians of the Poor of the Strand Union.


MR. ADOLPHUS. conducted the Prosecution, DANIEL HAYBITTLE. I am master of the Strand Union workhouse, at the comer of Portugal-street and Carey-street, Lincoln's Inn-fields—it is in the parish of St. Clement Danes. I occupy rooms on the first floor, and live in them—one side of the ground-floor is the women's day-hall, and the other side is appropriated to offices—they are divided by a passage—the house is entirely under my control, as the servant to the Guardians of the Poor of the Strand Union—that side of the building on which the women's day-hall is situated faces a burial-ground—there are five windows at the women's side, the lower sashes of which are fastened, and the upper sashes pull down; but there are iron bars across to prevent ingress or egress—there are what are called hoppers, to admit air and light in from above—there is not sufficient room in the hopper to admit a person—we have to take the lower sash away to clean the window—on Tuesday, the 23rd of October, the day before the robbery, these hoppers were painted, and also the board-room, which is parallel with the women's day-hall—there are desks and papers in the office, and money is frequently deposited there by the collectors—the place was all secure on the night of the 23rd—I saw it all fastened myself, in the usual way-all the panel of glass in the women's day-hall were then whole.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Who were you appointed by?


A. By the Board of Guardians of the Strand Union—I am their servant, regularly appointed by them, and sanctioned by the Poor-Law Commissioners—I think the prisoner came into our workhouse in November, 1837, and remained till about the 23rd of June this year—he then received his discharge—he left with the intention of going to work for Mr. Stapleton, of Whitefriars—he has not been an inmate in the house since—I do not know of his being employed to break stones for a fortnight after he left—that does not take place at our house, but at Mr. Johnson's, at Westminster—the prisoner came to us from a lunatic asylum, in 1837—I do not know how long he had been in the asylum—I do not know how muck is paid to persons for breaking stones—I have seen the prisoner once since he left, selling things in the street—I am the master of the whole building, and always sleep in the house.

COURT. Q. Who pays the rent and taxes? A. I believe it is tax-free, but the rent is paid by the Board of Guardians, I suppose to the overseers of the parish.





PETER ATTRELL
. I am a constable and porter at the Strand Union workhouse. On the 23rd of October I took a turn round the house, about tea o'clock—it was then all safe and fastened—I sleep there—about twenty minutes before five o'clock next morning my attention was called to the state of the house, and I saw the shutters of the clerks' office (which is the middle office) open, and one window raised above a foot—on looking round, I saw the collectors' desks and the clerks' desk broken open, and papers strewed about the floor—I then went into the board-room, and found the inner bolt drawn, and found a large hole perforated through the middle stile of the door, large enough to admit a man's arm—on a chair, in the clerks office, I found this clasped knife, and this centre-bit on Another chair—I should say the hole in the door had been made with a centre-bit—I compared the centre-bit I found with the hole, and they corresponded—I then went into the women's day-hall, and found a pane of glass broken and taken out of one of the windows which look into the burial-ground-a person, to have done that, must have been in the burial-ground—I found two pieces of glam lying on the sill, stained with blood, and there were marks or streaks in the wet paint on the hopper, such as would be produced by corded or ribbed trowsers; and on the sill of the window, in the wet paint, was a large footmark, such as would be produced by a man's foot—I knew the prisoner as an inmate of the house—on Wednesday, the 24th, from information I received, I went with Goddard to the prisoner's lodgings, in Tower-street, St. George's-fields—I believe his father and mother occupy the room as well—I took hold of the prisoner, turned him round, and observed he had got white paint on the legs and seat of his trowsers—they were ribbed trowsers—I have since compared them with the marks on the hopper, and they agree—the length, from the sill of the window to the mark in the hopper, exactly corresponds with the height of the trowsers—I asked the prisoner if he had any money—he said, "What money?"—we then searched the room, and while we were doing so, he made the observation two or three times, "Gentlemen, you may save yourselves the trouble, you will find" no money here'1—the last place I searched was a kettle, which was on the fire, full of water—I took it off the fire, took the lid off, and perceived something dark in the water—I put my hand in—the water was lukewarm—I pulled out this handkerchief, which is similar to those worn by the inmates of the workhouse—it is like them, but we do

not mark them—I found in that handkerchief one crown piece, seventeen half-crowns, twenty shillings, eleven sixpences, and one fourpenny piece—I then searched the prisoner, and found in his pocket four penny pieces, seven halfpence, and two farthings—he had a pair of new boots on, which Goddard took off, and asked whether he had not another pair—he said, "Yes, there is an old pair under the bed"—Goddard looked underneath, and found these shoes—there are marks of paint on the side of them—the ]prisoner said they were his, and that he gave 6d. for them—while the prisoner was at the workhouse he was employed in cleaning the windows inside the house, more particularly those of the clerks' office and the board-room—he had every opportunity of knowing the state of the windows and desks, and every thing, and I have seen him go out at the door of the board-room, where the persons entered to commit the robbery—I was with Goddard when he tried those shoes to the sill of the window, and they made an impression similar to that I had already observed—I produce the flap of the clerk's desk—that was quite whole, safe, and sound, over night.

Cross-examined. Q. How did you try the mark of the shoe; did you put it on the mark that was there? A. Goddard did—he did not make another mark beside it, as the paint was dry then—it bad been on two days and two nights—the house was broken into on Tuesday—we apprehended the prisoner on Wednesday night, and tried the shoes, after we had been before the Magistrate on Thursday afternoon, more towards the evening—I compared the trowsers on the Thursday morning before I went before the Magistrate—I put them by the side of the marks, and the length and all exactly corresponded—I did not see the prisoner at Mr. Johnson's yard breaking stones—he had taken the hammers away to do it, but he brought them back, and acknowledged to me he had never been to the yard at all.





GEORGE SHIRVILL
. I am collector of the Strand Union poor-rates. I have a desk in the board-room of the workhouse—on Tuesday, the 24th of October, I left about 20l. in my desk, but I did not count how much exactly—there were two cheques, which were not taken—there were about fifty half-crowns, and about 4l. in shillings, a number of sixpences and fourpenny-pieces, the rest in gold, and about 4s. in penny pieces and halfpence—I left the office about half-past six o'clock that evening—the money was then safe in my desk, and the desk locked—I found it locked in the morning, but the wood-work round the hinge was broken, so that it could be opened—the money was not in my desk in the morning-here is my desk, and where it was broken—(producing it)—having examined the desk, I found 2s. 3d. left among the papers-a piece is broken out of the flap, and it could be lifted up by the hinges—I went into the burial-ground, and under the hopper, where the pane of glass was taken out, I found a button, quite clean, lying on the grass in the burial-ground—I gave it to Goddard—it is a very peculiar one, and corresponds with the button on the jacket belonging to the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. What is the peculiarity? A. The letters on it and the make of it—there was one off the prisoner's jacket—it is not exactly a flat button, the edges are rather turned—I never saw such a button before, I think—it exactly corresponds with the prisoner's buttons.





HENRY GODDAED
. I am a police-officer, of Bow-street. On the 24th of October I went with Attrell and Kirby to the prisoner's lodging—on entering

the room I found the prisoner, and a little child—some time afterwards the mother came up stairs, but they were alone in the room when I went in-observing the prisoner's back covered with marks of paint, and a button missing from his jacket, I took the jacket from him—there was paint on the trowsers also—I compared the button which was given me with those on the jacket—it corresponds in size and colour, and I have no doubt was cast in the same die—it is stamped, "Imperial standard," which is marked on all the others—I cannot see any difference between that and the buttons on his jacket—he had on a pair of new shoes—I asked him how long he had had them—he said, a month, and afterwards he said, a fortnight—I said, "Where did you buy these shoes?"—he said he did not know—I found an old pair of shoes under the bed, and asked him if they were his—he said they were, and I observed marks of white paint on them—on the Thursday following I compared them with the hopper of the window-sill, and they exactly fitted the mark—I compared the trowsers, and the broad stripes of paint and the narrow, both exactly corresponded-if a person got in by means of the hopper, they would slide down, by putting their back against the hopper—it would take some time to cut out the square of glass, and the person must have leaned against it to do so—the paint would make exactly the impression I found—I observed a cut on the prisoner's right wrist, recently done, and also cuts on the palm and fort-finger of his left hand, very recently done—he accounted for them by saying he had the itch—I also observed stains of blood, as if recently done, on the right-hand wristband of his shirt, and there were stains of blood left on the glass—I asked him if he had any money—he said, "What money?" he had got no money—I said, "Why, the money from the Strand Union work-house"—I searched the tea-kettle, and found the money described—while we were searching he said, "It is no use searching—I have no money-you will find no money here"—I asked where he slept the night before, how he had spent his time, and the refused to give any account of himself.

Cross-examined. Q. When you went in, did you ask if he had any money? A. Some time afterwards, but not immediately I entered.





ROBERT KIRBY
. I am relieving officer of the Strand Union. I accompanied Attrell and Goddard to the prisoner's residence in Tower-street—I remained in the room while they searched the upper part of the house—I said to the prisoner, "George, that was a curious place for you to put the money, into the tea-kettle"—he said, "It is a usual thing to put money into a tea-kettle, to keep it from being furred"—I had heard him before declare he had no money; that we might save ourselves the trouble, we should find none there—I observed a mark on his wrist, and asked him how he did it—he said it was the itch.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say it was usual to put money into the kettle, with a handkerchief round it, to keep it from being furred? A. He said nothing about a handkerchief—I knew him before, as a pauper-paupers are paid 3s. 2d. a ton for breaking stones—I never told any one that I wished he would pump the prisoner as well as he could—we took another person into custody on the subject, named James Wade, but he accounted for his time the night before, and he went away—I did not tell that person to pump the prisoner all he could—I did not have any conversation with any person that was locked up in a cell at Bow-street—(a man named Henry Stanton was called in)—I know that man—he was a pauper in the workhouse—I never had him taken up, nor saw him in custody—I

saw him the night we were looking for the prisoner, and asked him if he had seen the prisoner—I did not ask him to put questions to him, and get information out of him—he said he did not know where he was; that he had not seen him for a fortnight—I never said I wished him to pump the prisoner all he could.





PETER COSGRAVE
. I am a surgeon and medical officer of the Strand Union. On the morning of the 24th or 25th of October I saw the prisoner at Bow-street, and examined his hands—he had got some small cuts on the left hand, and on the right wrist—they had been recently done, and also a mark on the inside of the thumb on the right hand—they appeared to be inflicted by some sharp instrument—the mark on the thumb was a blister, such as would be produced by friction of some hard substance—the frequent revolution of a centre-bit would produce it—he had no symptom of the itch, or any cutaneous disorder.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you examine the prisoner before he was discharged from the workhouse? A. I did, and thought him proper to be discharged.





JOHN CORNISH
. I am a carpenter, and live in wych-street, Strand. I have examined the desk-flaps produced by Attrell—the holes in it have been made by a centre-bit—they could not be made with any thing else—I have compared them with this centre-bit, and the size of the holes correspond—there are upwards of fifty holes—I should imagine it would not take less than two hours to drill them, as there were some in the door—I think doing that would cause a sore or blister in the hand.





WILLIAM STEVENS
. I am shopman to Messrs. Wilford, of Gracechurch-street, boot and shoemakers. On the 24th of October, about noon, the prisoner bought this pair of shoes at our shop, for 15s., which he paid for to me, in six half-crowns—I am sure he is the man.





DANIEL HAYBITTLE
. re-examined. The Guardians of the Strand Union meet at the house every Tuesday—they have acted as guardians meeting as a board—Mr. Witherby is chairman, and Sir Francis Omeroy—the Union has been formed more than two years.





JAMES CORDER
. I am clerk to the Guardians of the Poor of the Strand Union, and have been so since April, 1836. Their title is, "Guardians of the Poor of the Strand Union, of the County of Middlesex"—they are formed under a deed bearing date February, 1836—I have been present at every weekly meeting of the Board, without a single exception, from April, 1836, to the present period.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you form your knowledge of the title except by the deed? A. They are formed under an order given under the hands of the Poor Law Commissioners—I derive my information of the title both from the order and the Act of Parliament.

COURT. Q. Do you know the title under which they act? A. Ever since the passing of 5th and 6th of William IV., they have called themselves the Guardians of the Poor of the Strand Union, but they were in existence before that Act.
(The order of the Poor Law Commissioners, directing the Union to be called the Strand Union, in the County of Middlesex was here put in.)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.
