





Before Mr. Justice Littledale.
10. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     VICKERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Peter 
                           Brown
                        




                     
                  , on the 23rd of October
, at St. Pancras, and stealing therein, 1 table-cloth, value 2s.; 3 pillow-cases, value 4s.; 3 towels, value 1s.; 4 aprons, value 2s.; and 1 pinafore, value 2s., his goods
            .
PETER BROWN. I keep a retail beer-house
, and live in the parish of St. Pancras


. There is a skittle-ground, adjoining my kitchen, on one side of the house - I saw the prisoner on my premises, on the 23rd of October; I saw him in the street, a little distance from my house, with another man; it was about two o'clock - I saw him again, a few minutes afterwards, with a bundle under his arm - he was going out of the yard into the street; I hallooed to him to stop, instead of which, he ran away; I immediately ran after him and caught sight of him, with another young man - I hallooed out, Stop thief; I pointed him out to a witness; he ran after him with me, and the prisoner dropped the bundle from under his left arm - I examined it; it contained three aprons, a tablecloth, and several articles, which are mine - there was a pillow-case; my witness took the prisoner in a lane - I did not see him taken - Burkboy followed him - the bundle was delivered to the policeman - I am quite positive it was the prisoner - I afterwards saw him in custody; the other man got away - the aprons had been washed on the Monday; this was Wednesday.
Prisoner. He says I dropped the things; it was the other man - who ran by me, and said, if you don't run you will be taken into custody, and then I ran.
PETER BROWN. I did not hear that said - I am certain the prisoner dropped the bundle, and not the other - I saw the prisoner going out of my yard with the bundle - I did not see him in my house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURKBOY
               



            . I am a journeyman baker - on Wednesday, the 23th of October, I was in Willow-walk, Kentish-town - Mr. Brown came out, and said, "Bill, run after those fellows," I did so - the prisoner was one of them - I secured him; I am sure it was him; when I first saw them they were both running along - I did not see that either of them had anything; they were sixty or seventy yards from Brown's premises when I first saw them; the other got away - I saw some linen lying in the road as I ran by.
Prisoner. He caught me a quarter of a mile from the house. Witness. I don't think it was so much.


                  HENRY 
                  BURTON
               



            . I am a constable. On the afternoon of the 23rd of October, I saw the prisoner about ten minutes after two o'clock - he was then in custody of Burkboy - I neither threatened nor made him any promise - I asked him if he had been in Mr. Brown's skittle-ground; he said, he had; I then said, "You have stolen some linen," he said, he met a man outside Mr. Brown's premises, who asked him to go and have a game at skittles; that he went in with the man who stole some linen from the kitchen - I said "you were both running away together," he said, "Yes, we were;" I searched him and found 15d. on him, in money; I have the linen here; I received it from Mr. Brown.
PETER BROWN. I deliverd the linen to the policeman, they are the things I mentioned before; a tablecloth, and towel, and other things, a pinafore, and 3 pillowcases, they were all in the bundle which I saw the prisoner drop; they are my property; the aprons I wear myself; and here is my child's pinafore; the table-cloth is what we had in use.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going through Kennington-lane, and met the young man, who asked me to play a game at skittles; he said, he was going to the kitchen-door, to ask for the skittle-ball; and while he was gone. I went to the water-closet; he came and knocked at the door, and said, "Richard, if you don't come along you will be taken into custody;" I came out with my trousers undone; he went on to the road, and then he said, "Here they come;" he chucked the things down, and ran on, and got a good deal before me - the witness Brown came up and said, Stop him! I turned up a lane: I stopped, and he caught me.
GUILTY. Aged 18. - 


               Of stealing only
            . 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
