





508. 
               
                  
                     LOUISA 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of February
, 1 watch, value 5l.; 2 seals, value 22s.; 1 key, value 8s.; 1 ring, value 10s., and 1 ribbon, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Cooke
                     




                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Webb
                     



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COOKE
               



            . I live at No. 149, Old-street. On the 8th of February I met the prisoner - she asked me to go with her; she took me to a house belonging to a person named Webb, as I understand; I do not know the name of the street - I went to bed with her; I had a silver watch, with two gold seals and a ribbon, which I took from my pocket, and laid on the table - I went into the room about half-past nine o'clock, and fell asleep; I awoke in about half an hour, and missed it - she was gone then; I went to the landlord, and gave information to an officer that I was robbed: I went the distance of a street with Turner: he got another officer, and went with me to a night-constable - the prisoner had given me her address, No. 61. Ossulton-street


; I was just entering that house with an officer, when another officer brought her out of the house with the watch; that was not the house I had been to with her.


                  JOHN 
                  SKERRATT TURNER
               



            . I live at No. 63, Ossulton-street, and was a watchman. On the 8th of February I saw the prisoner go into No. 61, Ossulton-street - I knew her before; I had received information of this robbery - I followed her into her own room, and took her, as she answered the prosecutor's description; I told her she was the person I wanted, as I had information she had stolen a watch from a gentleman - she came down stairs with me, and gave me the watch, begged me to hand it to the gentleman, and request him to say nothing further about it.
ROBERT TEASDALE. I was constable of the night. I produce a watch, which I received from Turner; I took the prisoner to the watch-house, but found nothing on her - I only know from information who the house belongs to.(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY of stealing, but not in a dwelling-house
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
