






1137. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  WALLIS
               




             and 
               
                  HENRY 
                  WALLIS
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of June
, 1 shirt, value 2s.; and 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Eusten
               




            .
JAMES EUSTEN. I am a cow-boy
, and live at my master's, No. 29, Lisson-street


. On the 3rd of June I had two handkerchiefs and some shirts in the loft - I saw them safe at nine o'clock in the morning - I then went to the field - I returned about one o'clock, and missed them - I came down, and saw Charles Wallis, and one of his companions - I went by the side of Wallis, and saw a handkerchief in his pocket - I went round him, and saw another handkerchief in his other pocket - I asked him if he would sell them - he said, "Yes; one for sixpence, or the two for a shilling" - they were my handkerchiefs - I told him to wait till I got a shilling from my master, and I got an officer.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRISON
               



             (police-sergeant D 13). The prosecutor called me - I took Charles Wallis, and found these two handkerchiefs in his pockets - I said, "Where are the shirts?" - he told me something, and I went and took Henry Wallis in Portman-market with this shirt - I asked him where he got it - he said he bought it on the Saturday before in Edgware-road.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Charles Wallis's Defence. I was in Mitcham-street: this boy came and asked me if I would sell these handkerchiefs, which my brother Henry had given me, and said he had found them.
Henry Wallis's Defence. I bought the shirt on the Saturday: I know nothing of the handkerchiefs.
CHARLES WALLIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HENRY WALLIS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Confined Three Months
            .
