



388. 




JOHN M'PHERSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of December, at 
st. mary, islington, 1 watch, value 10l.;1 chain, value 1s.; and I key, value 6d.; the goods of 



john rowe, in his dwelling-house.






JOHN ROWE
. At the time in question I lived in pleasant-place, lower-road, islington. On Tuesday, the 13th of December, I left my house to go to Gravesend, about nine o'clock in the morning—i left my watch on my drawers in my bed-room—i returned on Wednesday the 14th, between five and six o'clock in the evening, and missed my watch—i had an officer

in, and searched the house, and also the servant, but found nothing—I expected the prisoner, (whom I knew,) to come to the house that evening but he did not, and in about a week I had him taken up—I told him I took him in consequence of having found my watch at the pawnbroker's pawned by himself the previous morning—he said he would take care I should have it again—he said he had pawned it, and he gave his son the keys of his box.





MARY ANN ROWE
. I am the prosecutor's daughter. My father vent to Gravesend on the 13th—the prisoner came to the house about five o'clock in the evening, and took tea with me—he was in the habit of visit-ing us—he remained three or four hours in the sitting-room—he was not in the bed-room—he came the next day between one and two o'clock, and asked if my father had returned home—he staid about half an hour—I left him in the sitting-room—I had brought the watch down to the sitting room on Wednesday morning, and put it on the table—he went away beltween one and two o'clock—my father returned at five o'clock—I did not miss the watch till then—we have known the prisoner a long time.





JAMES CLAUDIUS HUETSON
. I am in the employ of Mr. Smellie, a pawn broker in Clarendon-square, Somers-town. I produce a gold watch which was pawned by the prisoner, on the 15th of December, for 3/., in the name of Charles Phillips—it would not fetch 5l. in the trade.





ROBERT WARNER
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody on the 22nd of December.





JOHN ROWE

re-examined. This is my watch—it has been in the family about twelve years—it is worth 10l.
(Witnesses for the Defence.)





LOUIS ENGLAND
. I am a builder. I have known the prisoner eight or ten years—he was formerly master of Clerken well parochial schools—in consequence of illness he became reduced, and I took him into my employ—he took one or two things from me, but I believe at the time he was completely insane.





WILLIAM JOHN LYON
. I have known him eight years—I was one of the Committee of the charity schools—the prisoner conducted himself well there, till at last he became so deranged in his intellect we could not retain him—he became so violent we were obliged to put him into the workhouse, till his settlement could be ascertained—he was then removed to St. Pancras—this was three years ago—he had lucid intervals.




GUILTY of stealing under the value of 5l. Aged 53.—Recommended to mercy.—


Transported for Seven Years. Recommended to the Penitentiary.

Before Mr. Baron Alder son.

