



1200. 



JAMES SMITH
 was indicted

for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



William Hoggins, about the hour of eight in the night, of the 
20th of April, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, with intent to steal, and stealing therein 2 breast-pins, value 8s.; 1 shawl, value 1s.; 1 tippet, value 1s.; 1 pair of braces, value 6d.; 1 stud, value 6d.; 1 box, value 6d.; 1 brooch, value 3s.; 1 watch-guard, value 3s.; and 1 pocket-book value 6d.; his goods.






WILLIAM HUGGINS
. I am a fishmonger, and live in Black-horse-fields, at Haggerston, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch. On the evening of the 20th of April, I left my house with my wife, about seven o'clock—I left nobody in the house—I returned about half-past eight o'clock, and heard my dog bark—I found my gate fastened, but my window opened, and a light in my room on the ground floor—I got along the rails by the ditch, looked into the room, and saw the prisoner searching my drawers all over, going from one drawer to another—I had left the house locked up and closed—my wife had locked it up, but not in my presence—I found the street-door and yard-door locked when I returned, and I am sure the window was down when I went out—I got over the pales—he was so busily engaged he did not observe me—I got to the window, looked at him for some minutes, and then said, "What do you do here?" with that he blew the candle out; and I said, "You had better come out, it is of no use stopping there"—he made a rush all in a moment to come out—I had seen him putting things into one pocket and another pocket before the candle

was put out—he blow the candle out when I spoke to him, and made a rush out of the window—I caught hold of him; he resitted a little, he kicked and pinched me several times—I said, "It is of no use"—he could not get from me—he tried to get over the palings, but I pulled him back again—I kept him there, and called the police—he was feeling in one pocket and another, but what he was doing I could not tell at the time, but found he was chucking the things out of his pocket—I found thrown about where we had been scuffling, my watch-guard, which was broken, also a diamond pin and brooch—I called the police—Reeves came and jumped over the gate, he took the keys out of my pocket, and let in the policeman—I had the keys of the gate and the door in my pocket—they remained locked—the policeman and Reeves went into the house—I followed them in; when they struck a light, I found my things all strewed about—a shawl and tippet laid on the carpet—I had left that shawl on a chair when I left—he was taken to the station-house—a chisel and hat, which did not belong to me, were found inside the house—the value of all the articles is not 10s. 6d.—it was not quite dark when I left home—I could see a man's face by the light of day at that time—it was not candle-light when I left the house.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is it your dwelling-house? A. Yes; the things are all my own—the prisoner was taken that night—I never let him go.





ELIZABETH HUGGINS
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I fastened up the house before I left—the window was shut—I was the last person that came out of the house, and am positive it was all fast—I put a small wooden skewer in the window to fasten it, and am positive that was in it at the time—I found it on the bed afterwards—I put it in instead of a screw, to keep the sashes together—when I returned I found the place in great confusion.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you try the window before you went out? A. Yes; I secured it the last thing—every place was secure—I have no servant.





GEORGE REEVES
. I am a boot and shoemaker, and live in Brunswick-street, Hackney. I heard an alarm, and went to Hoggins's house—I found him on the top of the prisoner, keeping him down—I took the keys out of Huggins's pocket—I found the street door locked—I opened it with the key—nobody could have got in, except by the window—three drawers were open—it was quite dark then.





EDWARD RAPSON
 (police-constable N 235.) I heard the alarm, and went to the prosecutor's house—I found the things disturbed—I took the prisoner to the station-house, then returned to the premises, and found these braces on the window-ledge—the prisoner took the hat from the table himself, and retained it.





WILLIAM GILLETT
. I am a policeman. I have a breast-pin, a shirt, tippet, stud, brooch, and watch-guard—part of the guard was picked up in my presence, directly under the window—I found this chisel under the window—I matched it with two drawers, and it opened them—there was tallow on the chisel, and on the drawers.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the marks fit it? A. Yes.





WILLIAM HUGGINS

re-examined. These are my things, and were in the house when I left—they were all safe in the drawers.




GUILTY of breaking and entering, but not burglariously.—


Transported for Seven Years.
