






83. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     IRONMONGER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     GALE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of November
, 1 half-crown, 1 shilling, 2 sixpences, and 2 pennies, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           William James 
                           Field
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  JAMES FIELD
               



            . I am a tailor
. On the 3rd of November I was in Whitecross-street


, about six o'clock in the evening - I was with a friend, in a public-house, where the two prisoners were; we had been drinking, but neither of us were drunk - we staid till three o'clock on Sunday, which was the time that house shut up - and the prisoners said they would bring us to a house where we could have something to drink; we went, and had two or three pots of beer - I was awoke by a person who asked if I was robbed; I found I was; I got an officer and apprehended Gale - when I went to that house I had 5s. in my pocket; I paid 4d., the remainder was in my pocket, and was taken out while I was asleep - both the prisoners were in the tap-room, and Gale was near to me.
Gale. He states that he had 5s. when he went there, and he paid 4d., but he paid 3d. more. Witness. No; I did not.


                  DANIEL 
                  BALDOCK
               



            . I am a tailor. I was with the prosecutor, we fell in with the prisoners about half-past two o'clock; they were strangers to me - I expected they were working men - it was time to shut up the house we were in, and they said they would take us to a house, which they did in Lower Whitecross-street - the prosecutor fell asleep, and Gale struck me; the prisoner Ironmonger then took me out of the house, to ask me if I could fight; I said, I could take my own part - I then went in again; Allin then told us something, and we awoke the prosecutor, who missed his money.


                  JOHN 
                  ALLIN
               



            . I lodge at that house. I went out for a walk, and on my return I found the two witnesses there, and the two prisoners, and three of their companions; they were all drinking together - I sat down alongside the two witnesses, near the fire - the prisoners and their companions were drinking, and they handed me the pot, and I drank; they then offered me the paper, and wished to get me away, but I sat still - they then began to talk about fighting, and represented Gale as a fighting man,and a hard hitter - Ironmonger then called Baldock out, and while he was out I saw Gale take something out of the prosecutor's pocket, who was asleep, but I could not see what it was; he divided it, and put some in his own waistcoat pocket, and some in another pocket - I got up and told the landlord; he sent me to the station-house, I found one officer there, but he could not come - when I got back the prisoners were going out; I then went to the station-house in Bunhill-row; I got an officer, who took Gale first, and the other soon afterwards.
Ironmonger. Q. Did I not do all I could to keep peace with all parties? A. You certainly insinuated that Gale was a fighting man; and that it was dangerous for either party to have anything to do with him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  GROVE
               



             (police-sergeant G 6). Allin came to me - I went and took Gale - I found on him four shillings, one sixpence, four pence, three halfpence, and one farthing; 5s., all but a farthing.
Ironmonger's Defence. I am innocent. I was drinking with all parties. I did my uttermost to keep peace and quietness. I called Baldock out, with a view to keep peace. When I went in again they seemed to wish to have words. I went away to the Two Brewers, where I smoked my pipe till I was taken. I never saw Gale again, till at the station-house.
Gale's Defence. I have worked for my present employer for the last five years, who, I expected, would have attended, or sent his foreman. The money found on me was my own.
IRONMONGER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
GALE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
