





147. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HOWSE alias 
WASHBOURNE





               
             was inindicted for, that 


               he having been convicted of unlawfully uttering a counterfeit shilling, and at the same time having another counterfeit shilling in his possession; and afterwards uttering another counterfeit shilling; he afterwards on the 27th of October
, unlawfully did utter to 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Pollard
                        




                     
                  , a counterfeit half-crown; well knowing it to be counterfeit
            .
MESSRS. SCARLETT and GURNEY conducted the prosecution.


                  CALEB 
                  EDWARD POWELL
               



            . I produce a record of the prisoner's former conviction. (read.)


                  JOHN 
                  SUMMERSELL
               



            . I am turnkey at the House of Correction - I know the prisoner; he was convicted at the July Session, 1832, and was twelve months in the House of Correction.


                  JOSHUA 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a butcher, and live in Gravel-lane, Southwark. On the 17th of October, the prisoner came to my shop, for a bit of meat, which came to 6 1/2d. he said, "I am a poor man, let me have it for 6d." - I said, he might take it; and he threw me down half-a-crown, which was a bad one - I asked him where he got it - he said, from his boy, who went out sweeping - I asked where he lived, but he would not tell me - he said, he had seven more of them on the Saturday before - I told him they must be bad ones - he said, they were not - I gave him in charge - I gave him back the half-crown- but I took it from him again; the policeman had it last.
Prisoner. You went to get the change, and you said, you had taken a bad one on the Saturday night before; and it was as likely to be that one, as it was mine - you did not say mine was had before. Witness. Yes; I did.


                  JOHN 
                  HAMILTON
               



             (police-sergeant M 10). I took the prisoner and have the half-crown which I received from this witness - the prisoner was discharged.


                  GEORGE 
                  HUGGINS
               



            . I am a news-agent, and live inthe Broadway, Westminster. On the 27th of October, the prisoner came and looked at some publications, he selected a Saturday Magazine, which came to a penny - he laid down this shilling - I said, "Have you any more of this sort?" - he asked, what I meant - I said, I was perfectly satisfied, he knew what I meant, and I went round and forced him out of the house, as it was Sunday morning, and I was busy - I am quite sure the prisoner is the man, he was dressed as a sweep.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  POLLARD
               



            . I am the wife
 of William Pollard - he is a newsman and an optician, in Rochester-row, Westminster


. On Sunday, the 27th of October, at half-past six o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to our house, and asked for a newspaper to read - I told him we did not lend papers to read, unless we had a deposit left; he laid down half-a-crown - I said, "I don't think this is a good one" - he said, "I wish I a had score of them" - I held the 2s. in my hand while I felt the half-crown - he took the 2s. very quickly out of my hand, and was going out, he dropped 1s., and asked for the light to get it; my boy went with the light, but the prisoner found the 1s. and ran off - my brother pursued and caught him.
Prisoner. Did you not lay the 2s. on the table. Witness. No; you took them out of my hand, and went out as quick as you could; you dropped 1s. and picked it up by the light of the moon.


                  GEORGE 
                  GLOVER
               



            . I am brother of this witness - I saw the prisoner come in - I received this half-crown from my sister - I followed the prisoner and caught him four or five hundred yards off, running as fast as he could - I gave him, and the half-crown to the officer.


                  HENRY 
                  JAMES PITT
               



             (police-sergeant B 13). I took the prisoner, and have the half-crown.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . These two half-crowns are counterfeits.
Prisoner She did not mark the half-crown I gave her till it had been out of her possession; and when I came back, she said, she believed it was that; if it was bad why did she give me the change, which she laid on the counter.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
