



1336. 




JOHN BOARD
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
1st of May, at 
St. Mary, Matfelon, alias Whitechapel, 1 mare, price 1s.; 1 cabriolet, value 10l.; and 1 set of harness, value 1l.; the property of 



Benjamin Whitehead.






JEREMIAH RASHBROOK
. I am a cab driver, in the employ of Benjamin

Whitehead, of Holywell-lane, Shoreditch. On Sunday night, the 30th of April, about twenty minutes to twelve o'clock, I left my cab on the stand, with the mare in the shafts, in Whitechapel—I went to get something to drink at a public-house opposite, and was absent about ten minutes—on my return the mare and cab were gone—I went on Monday to Flying Horse-yard, Lambeth-street, which is a very little way from Whitechapel, and found the cab there—I went the same morning, with the policeman, to the Green-yard, Colchester-street, and found the mare there, about 300 yards from the stand—the policeman found the bridle—my cab is marked M.





CHARLES BANNISTER
. I live in York-row, Hackney. I was waterman on the Whitechapel coach stand on the 30th of April, and heard a cab drive off—I applied for my halfpenny to the man who was in the cab—he said he had got none, and drove off—I thought he was the regular driver—I know nothing of the prisoner.





ROBERT KEWTON
. I am in the employ of Benjamin Whitehead, I know the rein belongs to this cab and horse—I have it here—it is different to any other we have in the house.





JOSEPH RIPON
. I am a cab driver and live in Lambeth-street, Whitechapel. On the night of the 30th of April I was with my cab on the Whitechapel rank—the prisoner came up, and I asked him what he was doing there—he said he was out buck for letter M—that means a man who goes out with the cab while the regular driver rests—I asked him which cab, and he pointed out letter M—I saw him drive that cab off—it was about half-past twelve o'clock as near as I can recollect—it is regular to drive away without a fare sometimes.





JOHN MANTLE
 (police-constable H 72.) Early on Monday morning, the 1st of May, I saw the prisoner in Phoenix-street, Brick-lane, with a set of harness, a cushion, and nose bag—he had the collar round his neck, and the rest in his arms dragging along the ground—I went up to him and asked where he was going—he appeared much intoxicated, and said he was going to York-street, and asked me to help them on his shoulder—I did so, and again asked where he was going—he said to Whitechapel, and then said to Commercial-road—I said he must go to the station-house with me—I asked him where the cab and horse were—he said he did not know—I asked him where the cobman was—he said he was drunk and had given him the cab to mind, that he had taken off the harness, and was going to take it home to take care of it—when he found I was going to take him, he dropped them on the ground.

Prisoner. At the first examination he said I said I lived in York-street—he has added two addresses since.





GIBBS LEEDS
 (police-constable H 100.) Early en Monday morning the 1st of May, I saw a horse coming down Little Harris-street, without any harness—I took it to the Green-yard in Colchester-street—I afterwards went to the Flying Horse-yard and found a cab—Rashbrook claimed the horse and cab.





JOHN RASHBROOK

re-examined. This harness was on the horse—I know nothing of the prisoner—I was not drunk, and gave nobody my cab to take care of.

Prisoner's Defence. I was very much intoxicated, and was going home, when a man met me with a set of harness and accosted me—we walked together some way—we drank together, and he asked me to carry the

harness a little way while he stopped for a particular purpose—I walked on unthinkingly, and the policeman took me.




GUILTY of larceny only. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven, Years.
