





Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
621. 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  NEALE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of March
, at Edgeware


, 1 mare, value 30l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Chambers
               




            .


                  GEORGE 
                  ALLCOCK
               



            . I am servant to Thomas Chambers, who lives at Blixley, in Northamptonshire


. He had a chesnut mare - on the 7th of March, I saw it between eight and nine o'clock in the evening in the stables - it was a nag mare - I went to the stables about half-past five next morning, and it was gone - the stable door was shut at night, but not locked - it was latched and pinned, and there is a double door - it could not get out - I traced the mare through three gates, and gave my master information - I have known the prisoner about four years and a half -I had seen him about a fortnight or three weeks before, at Blixley - he does not belong to that neighbourhood.
Cross-examined by MR. STAMMERS. Q. I suppose, when you went to the stables in the evening, it was not very light? A. No; I had a lanthorn - my master had no other horse in that stable - I latched the stable myself, and pinned it.


                  JOHN 
                  GOODMAN
               



            . On the 8th of March, I drove the Birmingham Celerity coach, and saw the prisoner, about a quarter or twenty minutes to two o'clock in the morning, on horseback, in Towcester town, about four miles from Blixley - I met him on a chesnut mare - I turned round, and he rode by my side, 15 or 16 miles, alongside of my lamp - I noticed it as being a particularly fast trotter - it kept up with my coach - I lost the prisoner at Dropshot - it was a dark night, but I had two pair of lamps - I imagined he had stolen the mare, because he got through the turnpike gates without paying them, except one, where I winked at the turnpike man - I lost him near Brickhill-hill - one of the roads where I left him would lead to Edgeware - I afterwards saw him and the mare at Edgeware, and I am certain he is the man, and it was the same mare - that was on Wednesday, the 20th.
Cross-examined. Q. How many days afterwards? A. Twelve days - it may be fifteen miles from Brickhill to Edgeware - I do not know the distance at all - I took particular notice of the mare and the colour of it - I thought it singular he should ride so many miles with me, and his slipping through the gates - he went from one side of the coach to the other; sometimes on one side and sometimes on the other - I altered my pace, and beat him, and sometimes he beat me.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you, in consequence of his shifting from one side to the other, observe him more particularly? A. I did.
THOMAS CHAMBERS. I live at Blixley, in Northamptonshire. In consequence of information from my servant, I went in search of my mare, on the 8th of March; and in consequence of inquiry, I got to Edgeware - I went to the White Lion, and saw the ostler; and, in consequence of what he told me, I went into the house, and found the prisoner there - several persons were there - he sat in the window - I said, "Young man, you have got a useful mare at the door here" - (I had seen the mare then; it was mine) - he got up, and came across the room; and when I came to the door, I asked the ostler, in his hearing, if he was the young man who brought the mare there - he said he was - the prisoner directly ran away, and crossed over the turnpike, and ran across the fields - I followed him on horseback, and overtook him - I told him I should take him - he said he hoped I should be as favourable as I could with him - I told him it was not likely I should be very favourable in the way he had served me - I afterwards took possession of the mare, and am quite certain it is the one I had lost - it is worth between 30l. and 40l.
Cross-examined. Q. When you took him, did you charge him with stealing it? A. Yes; he confessed it to me on the spot.


                  JAMES 
                  SCAGELL
               



            . I am an ostler. I saw the prisoner standing by the mare, at the White Lion, at Edgeware - I saw him ride up with the mare, and give it some hay - I am sure he is the person who brought it to the house - he rode there on it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
