





377. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     AVERY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of January
, 1 coat, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James Mumford 
                  Barr
               




            .


                  JAMES 
                  MUMFORD BARR
               



            . I live in Suffolk-street, Stepney


. On the 4th of January the prisoner came to my place - my wife was putting the children to bed at a quarter past seven o'clock; I asked him to fetch me something, which he did, and sat some time; when he went outside I heard him knock at the side of the boards, and at that time he was shifting off my coat to take it away; I missed the coat about two minutes after he was gone - no one else came into the room; I took him on the Wednesday - this was on the Monday; he gave me a direction, but he had not lived at that place - he is a cow-man; I told Mr. Lea of it, and said there was a button with the shank off in the pocket of the coat - I knew the prisoner before.


                  JAMES 
                  LEA
               



            . I took the prisoner, and found this button in his pocket.
Prisoner's Defence. This man bought two pigs; I went on that morning to ask if he was going to kill a pig; there was a man there with two bottles of rum, whether he got them honestly or not I do not know - I staid some time, and when I went away, the girl was out on an errand; at the first examination he stated the gates were instantly closed, and on the second examination he said they were left open five or ten minutes - he said the watchman saw me with the coat, and it was put off to bring the watchman - he came, and they would not take his evidence; I moved some things some time ago, and this button was among the little things I moved.
JAMES MUMFORD BARR. This button slipped off my coat one day in my cart, and I put it into my right-hand pocket.
JURY. Q.Was there a man with two bottles of rum there when the prisoner was there? A. No, he was gone; I saw the coat after that man was gone - here is another button which belonged to my coat.

Q.Had you any other coat that had this description of buttons? A. No; this other button fell off at another time - they are but common buttons.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
