





2091. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     CAMPBELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of October
, 2 locks, value 4s.,and 1 lock handle, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Bromley
                     




                  , and fixed to a building of his
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  CATLING
               



            . On the 10th of October I was at work at a house, in Church-street, Marylebone


; I opened the attic window of the house, and saw the prisoner walking backwards and forwards on the opposite side - he saw me, and went down Exeter-street and several other streets- I came down, and followed him; I saw him go into No. 20, where he staid about twenty minutes; I told one of the labourers there was a person there, and to give a good look out - I then went to No. 20, and missed the locks; I came down, and said to the labourer, "Where is he?" I then saw the prisoner running down Exeter-street - I pursued him, and called Stop thief! he took up the flaps of his coat, and ran on - he dropped one lock; I still pursued till he was stopped - I took him back to No. 15; he then gave up the other lock, and took two screw-drivers from his hat; the house belongs to Mr. William Bromley, for whom I work - it was not in habited; we had lost twenty-seven locks the Saturday before.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM
               



             SUTTON. I am a carpenter. I had been repairing the locks, and putting them on, at No. 20- these are two which I had fitted on two of the doors; I have tried them, and they fit in every respect - I am sure they are two that I had put on, and left safe on the Saturday; I had never seen the prisoner before.


                  JOHN 
                  WATSON
               



            . I am an officer. I heard the alarm; the prisoner and this property were delivered to me.
Prisoner. I am a stranger in London, and came to town for a situation; I had no money, and nothing to do.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25 - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
