



138. 




MARY DUFFEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of November, 3 muslin gowns, value 1l.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 1s. 6d.; 1 pair of stays, value 8s.; 1 petticoat, value 2s.; and 1 bed-gown, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



Patrick Levall.






MARY LEVALL
. I am the wife of Patrick Levall, and live in Burn's-place, Chapel-street, Edgware-road. On Thursday, the 20th of November, at eight o'clock in the morning, I and my husband went out—the street door opens by a string, which I pulled down—we occupy the first floor back room—I locked my room door, I am confident, and left every thing secure—I returned at half-past eight o'clock at night—I know the prisoner—she lodged at No. 4, opposite—she had told me she was going to Ireland—she knew my room—when I returned, I found my room door burst open, my trunks opened, and this property gone—I went and told my husband, who gave information at the office.





ELIZABETH BLAKE
. I live at No. 4, Burn's place, opposite Levall—the prisoner lodged in the same house—she did not come to her lodging on Thursday night—she came next night, and seemed in a great hurry

going down stairs—she had a bundle with her—I followed her, suspecting her—I asked her whose the bundle was that she bad—she said it was no odds to me—I followed her till I met a policeman, and gave her in charge.





EDWARD BROWN
. I am a policeman. Blake gave the prisoner into my charge, with the bundle—I asked what she had in it—she said, "Come along to Mr. Levall's and see"—I took her there, and on going through a dark passage she fell down—when she stood up, I mused the bundle—I asked where it was—she said it was there—another constable picked it up—I found six duplicates on her.





WILLIAM EDWARD RUMBEY
. I am a servant to Mr. Hall, of Morylebone. I have a gown and a pair of stays and a petticoat, which were pawned by the prisoner; on Friday, the 21st of November.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I have not been in her house for a fortnight, till last Wednesday week, when I went for a black handkerchief she had of mine—a person down stairs told me to go up and see if she was at home—she was not, and I returned to my lodging again—on Thursday afternoon I went out to see a friend who was going to Ireland—I stopped there all night—next morning I met an intimate friend of her's, who treated me with beer and gin—she gave me some tickets—I had some dirty things in my hand—she took and put them into her bundle, and in Oxford-street she handed the bundle to me—I carried it as far as Chapel-street, and left her at the end of the court to wait for me till I came out again, and then she was gone—I went round the street to look for her, and met my landlady, who gave me in charge—how the woman got the bundle I do not know.




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
