



478. 




GEORGE CLARKE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of January, 245 yards of silk, value 22l. 6s.; and 64 yards of satin, value 5l. 4s., the goods of 



Richard Hooper and another.—Two other Counts stating them to be the goods of 



Thomas Cooper, and of 



John Remington Mills.






JAMES WATKINS
. I live in Aldermanbury, and am book-keeper to Mr. Thomas Cooper, who keeps the George Inn. On the 7th of January I saw the prisoner in the yard—he took from the front boot of the Old Company's Bristol coach, which stood in the yard, a paper parcel, and walked out of the yard with it; but previous to his going, I asked him if he was going down by the coach—he said yes he was, and he should be in the coffee-room, and I thought he might be removing his own parcel—he did not go into the coffee-room—I followed and came up with him in Wood-street—I brought him back with the porter, and took the parcel from him—part of the property is here.





JOHN BESTOW
. I am warehouseman to John Remington Mills, of No. 30, Milk-street. He has no partner—this parcel contained an order which we had received by post, from Hooper and Starky, of Bristol—I looked the goods out, and have the invoice here—the porter made them up, but I put each piece of goods in a white paper, as this one is now, with my mark on—the next morning I was sent for to the Justice-room, and saw the parcel containing the four pieces of silk which I had made the invoice of—they were the property of my employer, and each piece was marked on the end with my figures—three of them were allowed to be sent off—this is the other—the parcel contained the property stated—it was worth 37l. 10s., and was the property of my master—it had not been paid for—the porter took the parcel to the inn, and booked it, but he is not here.






WILLIAM HENMAN
. I am an officer. I took the prisoner, and produced the parcel before the magistrate—it contained the property stated—this piece of crimson sarsnet was in the parcel.





JAMES WATKINS
. I delivered the same parcel to the officer which I took from the prisoner—Mr. Thomas Cooper is the sele coach proprietor.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.
