



260. 




WILLIAM MUNT
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.






JAMES OVENELL
. I am a hay-carter, residing at Enfield-wash. The prisoner was employed by me. On Tuesday, the 2nd of November I went up to London with a load of turnips, and left a wagon of straw and a load and a half of straw to come to London by the prisoner and a young man who is here when the prisoner came to the bridge he sold the straw, and went to Winchmore-hill—my little boy told me of it—I said, "You sell

these turnips, and I will go home"—I went home and found the prisoner had absconded with the money—I authorize my men to sell straw at any time when they can get the money for it—they were to sell this for 1s.; a truss—that would be 2l. 14s., and that money should have come to me.





JAMES BLAND
. I am a carter. I and the prisoner went with this straw—I was riding on the top of the waggon—when he sold it he called me down, and said he had sold it at 36s. a load—I received the money for it all, 7l. 18s.; 6d.—I asked him whether he would have his money—he said "No"—but on the road home he asked me for the money for his load and a half of straw, and I gave him 2l. 12s. 6d.—there were two sovereigns and five half-crowns—that was for part of the straw that belonged to the prosecutor—he ought to have given him the money.

Prisoner. I did not ask him for the money—we went into the Green Dragon, and had two pints of beer and two slices of bread and cheese, and he pulled out the money, and shot it down on the table, and said, "You take you money"—I said I would not—and then he said he would toss me for a pint of beer—I beat him out of four pints, and then there came a fisherman, and asked me to toss him for a quartern of gin—I got a little intoxicated, and in coming home, he shot out his money again, and gave me mine into my hand.





JAMES OVENELL

re-examined. He has been in the habit of receiving money for me, and he has brought it home—if he goes to the market, it is his duty to give it to the salesman—but if he sells on the road, it is his duty to give it me—he returned that night with the horse, and threw down the harness and went away—he did not come the next day to work—I took him at Hadderston afterwards.





JOHN GUIVER
. I am an officer. I took the prisoner—he told me that the day after he absconded with the money, he bought that smock he has on, and met a man with whom he spent the money, and said if his master would allow it, he would pay him at 2s. 2 a week.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
