





459. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     COLEMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of January
, 4 quart pewter pots, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Cable
                  




               
            .


                  JANE 
                  CABLE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Cable
               



             - we keep the George on Little Saffron-hill




. On the 12th of January, about seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came - he had some gin at the bar, and went into the tap-room - I had seen him before, and had suspected him of taking pots - I went into the yard, and placed four quart pots on a window ledge, from whence I had lost pots before, and put Sufferson, my servant, into the parlour, to listen; the prisoner then went into the yard - my servant came and told me she heard the pots rattle; I sent a man into the yard, who found three pots down the privy, and one at the prisoner's feet, in the privy.


                  CHRISTIAN 
                  SUFFERSON
               



            . I saw my mistress place the pots in the yard - I listened, and heard them rattle.


                  JOHN 
                  DUNKS
               



            . I am a smith - I was in the tap-room, and saw the prisoner come in; he talked about some marble chimney-pieces which he had to make; he then went into the yard; Mrs. Cable came into the tap-room, and said the pots were gone - I said, "Stop a bit, perhaps he will come in;" he opened the door once or twice, but did not come in - I then got a light, and went to the privy; I found him sitting there - one of these pots was between his feet, and three of them were down the privy.
Prisoner. The pots were not in my possession at all, and he knows there was another man in the yard. Witness. There was no other man in the yard.
MRS. CABLE. These are my pots, they are now bent double, but they were quite right when I put them in the yard.



               GUILTY
            *. Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
