






1807. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of August
, 1 cart, value 15l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Nias
               




            , the younger; and that he had been previously convicted of felony.
BENJAMIN NIAS, JUN. I am an upholsterer
, and live in Beraer-street. On the 19th of July, between twelve o'clock at night and six in the morning, I lost my cart from Berner's-mews


 - I gave information at the Policestation, and in about three weeks I found it in a shed in Gower-mews, with two or three other carts; it cost me eighteen guineas nine months ago - when I lost it it was a chocolate colour, but when I found it it was green; I can identify it by certain injuries it had sustained before I lost it, and the manner in which it was repaired; a few of the rails were broken when I lost it.


                  GEORGE 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 4th of August, about ten o'clock in the morning, I apprehended the prisoner, in Gower-mews, where the cart was found; I told him he had a stolen cart in his shed, belonging to Nias- he said he had bought it in Smithfield of a man he had known some time; that was all the account he gave - Nias spoke positively to the cart, and so did others who he brought with him, and pointed out marks where it had been repaired- it was fresh painted, green, but there was a kind of chocolate colour remaining at the edges, which I could see.


                  JOHN 
                  NEWTON
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner and told him it was for stealing a cart, and having another in his possession, knowing it to have been stolen; he said he bought them in Smithfield, of a man he had known twelve months: Nias claimed one cart, and pointed out different places where it had been repaired -I got some of the new green paint off with turpentine, and under it could see written "Common stage cart;" but could not read any more, it was a chocolate colour under the body; the paint was damp and had not been done more than a day or two - he did not give the name or address of the man he bought it off; he said he knew where to find him, he produced nobody before the Magistrate; the cart was scraped, and we could trace a chocolate colour and a pink line.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  NIAS
               



            . I could trace the chocolate colour with pink lines.


                  ROBERT 
                  BEST
               



            . I am a soda-water maker. I let a coach-house to the prisoner early in July, and on the 19th, about one o'clock, I saw a dark chocolate coloured cart there, with one or two more carts; nobody else rented the coach-house, the same cart was taken away by the Policeman, and is now in the yard of the Court -I bought it of the prisoner myself, paid him part of the money, and he has painted it since for me; I do not recollect whether any name was on it, because two or three places had been painted over with lead colour before - I bought it on the 19th of July, for 5l., it was almost pulled to pieces and much of the wood-work gone; the prisoner agreed to put it in repair and paint it - to the best of my recollection the part where the name should have been was painted over.
Prisoner's Defence. I am a smith and wheeler. On the 19th of July I was passing Long-lane, Smithfield - it was not market-day; I saw a man who I have frequently bought things of before in Smithfield, not quite in the market - he had this cart and a horse, and asked me to have something to drink; he asked me to buy the cart, I said I was very short of money; he wanted 7l. for it - it was very much damaged; I gave him 4l. 5s. for, it and had a stamp receipt.
ROBERT BEST. The prisoner stated himself to be a jobbing wheeler; I have seen him at work on carts - he had no forge there.
BENJAMIN NIAS. There were a few rails broke at the side of the cart, and one step was broken; I did not have that repaired.
JOHN SMITH. I live in West-street, Globe-fields, Mileend. I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, by the name of James Stephens - he is certainly the person who was convicted; I was present at the trial (read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
