





597. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     STEVENS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of January
, 1 watch, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Martin
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS MARTIN. I live at Little Stanmore, and was a farmer
, but the lease of the land is out. I went to the Red Lion public-house, at Paddington


, about seven o'clock, and stopped till a little after eight; I saw the prisoner there - I was not so much in liquor but that I knew what I was about; I am quite clear I saw the prisoner, and I think she had a glass of gin at my expence, but whether she drank it or not I do not know - I saw two other women there; I did not get more intoxicated - I went from there to the Key in Bell-square; after a while the prisoner came in - I was then going from there to a man's house, whom I wanted to see; the prisoner followed me, and snatched my watch out of my pocket - I do not know the name of the street; it is at the lower end of Bell-street


 - when she caught the watch out of my fob I was knocked down by three or four persons, and who had the watch I cannot tell, but I am clear the prisoner took it; it was not light - I could not tell the men, but there were three or four of them; I suppose it might be nine o'clock - I do not think there were any lamps - not to give much light there; but I know the prisoner - she followed me out of the Key, but she was a distance behind; I did not see her follow me, but I know her person - I have seen her many scores of times, for years past at Paddington; upon my oath she is the person who took my watch - I lost my purse and all my money, which was torn out of my pocket.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. You are quite sure she is the person who took your watch? A. Yes; I was picked up by the Policeman - she was taken the next day; I swear I told the Policeman who picked me up, that it was the prisoner, but I did not know her name - I was not so drunk when I went to the Red Lion but that I could do any business, and I knew what I was about; I did not sit down there - I had drank at several different places where I had called; most likely I had had some gin - I might have had rum, but no brandy; that is a liquor I seldom drink - I cannot tell how many public-houses I had been in; I should think I had not been in half a dozen, but I could not swear to a thing like that, or to what I had there - I had no beer at the Red Lion to my recollection; I was not in there five minutes - very likely somebody might give me some beer; I cannot say whether I had three several quarterns of gin at the Red Lion, or what I had - the place was full of people all the time; I did not go away from the Red Lion with the prisoner that I know of - I never saw her go out; I went away by myself, and went to the Key; I wanted to find a man there -I cannot say whether I had treated the prisoner at the Red Lion; I and another man were tossing up, and whether she had any gin or not I cannot say - I cannot tell what I drank at the Key; I think it was gin - I do not think I had more than a glass; I had no wine there - I had none to my knowledge; I cannot swear what I drank in the course of the day - I did not go away with the prisoner from the Key; I know the prisoner came in there - I think I lost my watch about nine o'clock; it was past seven before I went to the Red Lion: I did not state the next morning that I was so drunk I could not tell whether the prisoner was the person or not - I always said it was her; I had no other persons taken up but her; there were two men taken, but I did not take them - there were three or four men in the crowd.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ELLIOTT
               



            . I am a Police-constable. From information I received I went to Burn-street, Lisson-grove, on Monday, the 17th of January, the night the robbery was said to have happened - I found the prisoner about half-past eleven o'clock, sitting in a room before the fire, on the floor; she was nearly naked - there were two men sitting one on each side of the fire; I went up to one of the men named King, who was sitting with his head down, apparently asleep - I put my hand on his head, and he looked up in my face - I said, "Where is the watch?" he said,"What watch, master?" I said, "The old man's watch;" he said, "I know nothing about it;" I said, "Then I shall take you all into custody;" the prisoner said, "Then, so help me - , if you do you will take the wrong;" a great many angry words passed, saying they would not go - the prisoner then turned to the other man, named Collins; she put her hand on his knee, and said, "Never mind Jem, I will cut this bl-y throat of mine before I will split," and he answered, "Never mind Poll, they shall, or I will, put a rope round this bl-y neck of mine before I will split;" we were obliged to get the assistance of four more constables, before we could get them away - I took them all to the station, and as we were going, I heard the prisoner say to a Mr. Hainsworth, "Never mind, you may say what you like, I know I shall get lagged."
Cross-examined. Q. Did she appear to have been drinking? A. She had been drinking.
Prisoner's Defence. I was half naked - I had a blue striped gown on, which I could not get off without taking it over my shoulders; I objected going - I told him if hewould bring the person who had lost his watch, I would go quietly; a person came to me from a person who used to cohabit with Hainsworth, saying that she knew who had the watch, and I sent a note to the governor about it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
