





532. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was 


               indicted for a like offence
            .
MR. SCARLETT conducted the prosecution.


                     EDWARD 
                     BIRT
                  




               
            . I was introduced to the prisoner by Barness, on the 13th of December, to purchase counterfeit coin of him - I met him on the 8th of January, at the time I met Wilcox; I had received three shillings from the officer before I met the prisoner, and I had no other money, good or bad; the prisoner sold me three half-crowns for the three shillings which I had received of the officer - I took the half-crowns back to the officer; I marked them, and gave them to Gollocker - I kept the three half-crowns I bought of this prisoner in my left hand, and the three I bought of Wilcox in my right hand; I had no conversation with the prisoner on that occasion, only he said those I had of him were quite as good as those I had of Wilcox.
Prisoner. He never went back with three half-crowns - he had six altogether.
COURT. Q. Did you purchase three half-crowns from one, and three from the other? A. Yes - I had received six shillings, and bought six half-crowns.


                  RICHARD 
                  MYERS
               



            . I went to the Green Man, on the 8th of January - we there furnished Birt with two three shillings; he was to put three in his left-hand pocket, and three in his right - shortly afterwards the prisoner and Wilcox came up opposite the Sessions'-house, and Birt went out, he dealt with Wilcox first, and then with this prisoner; we saw the money pass, and then Birt returned and told us which he had received from each of them - he marked them, and delivered them to us; he then went out -I went another way, and passed this prisoner and Birt together - the prisoner chinked up a shilling, and said, "They are quite as good as the others;" on the 15th of January, when we went to take Wilcox, this prisoner was standing on the right-hand side of the fire - Gollocker seized him, and took him to the other end of the room; I said, "There is some money gone, be particular in looking," but we could not find any - there was a square of glass broken, and we afterwards found the money had gone out of the window; there were eight half-crowns found in the fire.


                  JAMES 
                  GOLLOCKER
               



            . I was with Myers on the 8th, and on the 15th January - what has been stated is correct.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . These are all counterfeits, and prepared in the same way as the others.
Prisoner. There was a towel up against the window.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
