





First London Jury. - Before Mr. Recorder.
513. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Gordon
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  GORDON
               



            . I live at No. 77, Gower-street, Bedford-square. On Monday, the 8th of February, about noon, I was in Skinner-street


, walking towards the City, and felt a twitch at my right-hand pocket; I turned suddenly round, and laid hold of the prisoner behind me - two persons appeared to be in his company; I said,"You have taken my handkerchief;" he denied it - I observed the corner of it sticking out of his breeches pocket; I immediately pulled it out, and said that was it - he replied,
"So it is;" a constable happened to be in the way - he got away from me; the constable followed - I lost sight of him, but saw him again in five minutes, and am quite certain of him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
WILLIAM TURNBULL. I am a constable. I was walking up Skinner-street, and saw Mr. Gordon laying hold of the prisoner's collar; I cannot say whether he had any companions - Mr. Gordon accused him of taking his handkerchief; he denied it - I saw Mr. Gordon take it from his pocket; he twisted himself out of his hands -I followed, and secured him without losing sight of him; the handkerchief was delivered to me.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking up Skinner-street; the handkerchief was taken out of the gentleman's pocket, and thrown at my feet - I took it up, and put it into my pocket - he turned round, and charged me with it; I gave it to him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
