





OLD COURT. FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 18.
Third Middlesex Jury - before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
481. 
               
                  
                     HANNAH 
                     LANE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of January
, at St. Luke, Chelsea, 1 table-cloth, value 5s.; 1 sheet, value 3s.; 2 caps, value 4s.; 2 pieces of lace, value 7s.; 2 knives, value 1s., and 2 forks, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Horn
                        



                     
                  , widow




; and 1 gown, value 10s.; 1 cap, value 5s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 1 piece of lace, value 3s.; 2 books, value 3s. 6d.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 6s., and 1 piece of ribbon, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Horn
                        



                     
                  , spinster

; and 1 piece of lace, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Horn
                        



                     
                  , spinster

; and 1 pair of scissors, value 1s.; 1 pen-knife, value 18d., and 1 piece of lace, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Catherine 
                           Throsby
                        



                     
                  , spinster
; 1 piece of lace, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Porter
                        



                     
                  , spinster
; 2 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; 2 caps, value 5s., and 1 shawl, value 7s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Downes
                        



                     
                  ; 1 piece of net, value 18d., and 1 pair of scissors, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth 
                           Mash
                        



                     
                  ; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 brush, value 2s. 6d., and 1 purse, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Jane 
                           Mash
                        



                     
                  ; 2 pairs of stockings, value 3s.; and 1 pair of scissors, value 18d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Emily 
                           Massey
                        



                     
                  ; 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Chistiana 
                           Goldie
                        



                     
                  ; 1 pair of stockings, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Emma 
                           Mortimer
                        



                     
                  ; 1 book, value 3s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Martha 
                           Mattleton
                        



                     
                  ; 1 work-box, value 2s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           McNicoll
                        



                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of the said 
                     
                        Sarah 
                        Horn
                     



                  , widow, and others
            .


                  MARY 
                  HORN
               



            . I live at No. 41, Cadogan-place, Chelsea


, and have three partners - we pay the rent and taxes jointly; the prisoner was three or four months in our service. On Sunday, the 16th of January, she was about to leave - we had given her warning; before she went I insisted on searching her person - my servant
s were present; I searched her person first, and took off her person, myself, a green silk dress of my own - I also found on her person a calico sheet and a table-cloth, fastened round her waist, and hanging by a string; she was dressed to go away - the sheet and table-cloth hung down under her gown, suspended by a string; I found some lace pinned into the sleeve of her gown - there was also a stocking of mine in her sleeve; I found some more lace on her person, and some handkerchiefs dropped from her on unpinning her gown - I then searched her trunk, and found all the things specified in the indictment; we have not found the table-spoons, which we lost the first day she came into the house - we have lost property of every description; blankets, and a variety of other things - a quantity of household linen, in value altogether about 20l.; it was chiefly linen - we keep a school for young ladies.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What was her wages when she first came to you? A. Twelve guineas; she once said the place was too hard for her, but at the same time agreed to stay, on her wages being advanced to fourteen guineas - one trunk was opened in her presence; the other was opened in her absence, but that was not locked, and had nothing of ours in it - all our things were found in her presence.
Q. After the officer was with you and her trunk had been searched, was she not permitted to go away? A. Yes; she came afterwards, on Monday, to demand her wages, and was given into custody on the Tuesday morning - she had slept out on the Sunday night; we examined the house in the meantime, and found we had lost every description of property - I did not have her taken on Monday; she might have gone where she chose on Sunday night and Monday - she came back on Tuesday morning, of her own accord.
Q. Did you not, after finding these things, give her back some of her clothes, and tender her 1l. as wages? A. We gave her her clothes, detaining our own property, and she would not go, trusting to our mercy, as she said; we called in the officer, and he took her - she confessed herself guilty over and over again; she demanded her wages both days; I offered her 1l. to send her down to her friends; we said we would pay her fare down, and I offered to see her off - she said her father and mother lived at Chester, and afterwards confessed that she had none, and said she was from Ireland immediately after.
Q. Did she not refuse her fare to go to Chester? A. No, we never gave her the opportunity of refusing - she was taking back property which was ours, and putting it into her trunk; she claimed property which it will be proved was not hers - she claimed property which had our own name on it, and I showed it to her; she had property in her trunk belonging to a lady present, amounting to 13l., "Mercy! mercy!" was all she cried out all the time.
Q. As you found property which you claimed, why did you not give her into custody on Sunday? A. The property consists of numerous articles, but is not valuable - we intended to extend mercy to her, but afterwards we found we had lost property from every part of the house; the articles in the indictment were found in her trunk and on her person - I suppose they are worth upwards of 5l.; we know none of her connexions, and have not found all the property - she claimed all the property at first, thought it was marked with our names; we did not take the trouble to state all the case fully to the officer when we gave her into custody.
Q. Have you not said she confessed stealing the property? A. Yes; she begged for mercy - Williams was present; she claimed the property in the presence of the officer, those in the trunk; she could not claim those found on her person.


                  MARY 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am in the prosecutrix's service - I was present on Sunday when mistress found on the prisoner's person a sheet, a table-cloth, several yards of lace, several pocket-handkerchiefs, a stocking, and several yards of ribbon - nothing else to my knowledge; I remember mistress searching the trunk - the prisoner was present; I cannot state the articles found - there were a great many which mistress claimed - the prisoner did not claim those articles in my hearing, nor those found on her person.

JURY. Q. Have you enumerated all the articles found on her person? A. All that I can remember - some small articles dropped from her, which I cannot relate; a silk dress was found on her person.
Cross-examined. Q. Was she wearing the silk dress? A. It was next to her petticoat - she had it on; this was on Sunday afternoon; the officer was called in at the time her trunks were searched, but after the things were found on her person - I did not see her trunks opened - I have related all that passed between the prisoner and mistress, as near as I can state; she did not say any thing more in my presence at any time - she never asked for mercy or forgiveness in my presence; I am quite sure of that - the officer was called in on the Sunday; she came again of her own accord on Monday and Tuesday - I have been twelve months in the prosecutrix's service; the prisoner did not ask for her wages in my presence, nor did mistress offer to pay her fare to Chester in my presence - I was at our house when she was given in charge, but not present; she did not claim her wages in my hearing - I have heard from mistress that she did; I was present when one box was opened - she did not claim the things found in it in my presence; she was in the room with mistress for about an hour before she was given in charge.


                  JOHN 
                  BENTON
               



            . I am an officer. I was fetched to Mrs. Horn's house on the Sunday; I found the prisoner, Miss Horn, and the servant girl - they informed me they had taken a silk gown, a sheet, and a table-cloth from her person - Miss Horn asked her to unlock her box, which she did, and I saw some books, a cap, some stockings, and a variety of articles taken out - the prisoner did not claim them in my presence; she said she had done wrong in taking them, and said, "Miss Horn, what property belongs to you, take;" and when she went out of doors she said she had taken the property Miss Horn found on her, but never took the spoons - Miss Horn had complained of losing two spoons.
Q. Why did not Miss Horn give her in charge? A. She said she should consider more about it.
Cross-examined. Q. Were you called in on Sunday by Miss Horn? A. By the servant girl, at Miss Horn's desire, at seven o'clock at night - I saw the box opened; the prisoner claimed part of the things, and Miss Horn claimed some; I thought I had no business to take her unless Miss Horn gave her in charge - she did not ask for her wages while I was there; it was not me who took her on the Tuesday - only one box was opened in my presence; she said some of the property belonged to them, and what belonged to them to take - Williams was present, but I cannot say whether she left the room during the transaction or not - the prisoner went away; Miss Horn said she should consider whether she should give her in charge or not.


                  MARY 
                  HORN
               



            . This is my sheet - there is no mark on it; we missed it the night before from a basket of clean linen, and it corresponds with the fellow; I missed a table-cloth of this description from the basket, but have no mark on it - this silk dress is mine; I know it by its make, and the colour; I have worn it frequently - I know this lace by the pattern, breadth, and length; it tallies exactly with the quantity missed - this stocking is marked with my name; I showed that to her - this ribbon and this lace cap were found on her person, and are mine; I am sure the articles found in the trunk are mine- several of them are marked at full length; the names are picked out of many of them, but the traces are left; here is a child's work-box, which was full of playthings belonging to Mary McNichol - this book was in the trunk; here is the name of Nettleton, one of my scholars, on it, in my own hand-writing - I am quite sure all the articles stated in the indictment are the property of ourselves and the scholars.
Cross-examined. Q. Which trunk were the two pairs of stockings found in? A. The locked trunk - none of the property was found in the open trunk; the locked trunk was opened within ten minutes after the other -I have heard my servant's evidence; I persist in saying the prisoner said, "Guilty! guilty! Mercy! mercy!" Williams left the room at times - I am not aware that I said she was present when the prisoner asked for mercy.
Prisoner's Defence. I asked Miss Horn for my wages in the presence of Miss Horn; she said she could not give them to me unless I acknowledged the robbery - if I acknowledged the robbery she would give me them; the Policeman said, "You cannot keep back her wages."


                  JOHN 
                  BENTON
               



            . I never heard keep Miss Horn say she would give her her wages if she acknowledged the robbery; I told Miss Horn the girl could demand her wages- she did not demand them in my presence.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Then how came you to mention the wages? A. Miss Horn called me into another room to ask about the wages.




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
