



1439. 




THOMAS WILSON
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of May, at 
St. Clement Danes, 1 watch, value 1l.; 1 oz. 17 dwts. Of gold, value 4l. 4s.; and 1 ring, value 16s.; the goods of 



George Tyler, in the dwelling-house of 



Edmund Joseph Thomas Morris.






GEORGE TYLER
. I am a watchmaker and jeweller, and live in Holywell-street, Strand. I keep a shop and bed-room there—it is the house of Edmund Joseph Thomas Morris—on the 16th of May, the prisoner and another lad came in to have two watches repaired—and while I was engaged in repairing them, they stole a watch, an ingot of gold, and a ring—I had seen them safe while they were there, and missed them three minutes after they were gone—they were in the window, near to where they stood—they wanted the hands fastened on to their watches—I did it while they staid—on missing the property, I went to give notice to the police, and to the pawnbrokers, and, on the 30th of May, the policeman brought me the watch—I told him it was mine—I went to Mary-le-bone-office, before the Magistrate, and found the prisoner was committed to Newgate—I went

to Newgate, saw the prisoner and knew him to be the person who has been to my shop—I have not recovered the other property.

Prisoner. Q. Who did you see when you came to Newgate? A, You—I saw him through the rails—I did not speak to him—he was brought close to me—I am certain he is the man.





WILLIAM TOOLE
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner and found a watch on him, a knife, a duplicate, and a halfpenny—I went to Tyler with the watch, and went with him to Newgate, but I was not allowed to see the prisoner—I apprehended him at the house of the last prosecutor—he said the watch was his own—I found Tyler by a label in the watch.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. I bought the watch for 155. of a boy named Weaver—his father keeps a baker's shop in Oxford-street.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arahin.
