




2333. 




JOHN BROWN
 and 




JOSEPH PACE
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
22nd of October, one clock, value 4l. 10s., the goods of 



John Bartie.







MARTHA DRAPER
. I live servant with Mr. John Bartie of Gloucester-place. About half-past eight o'clock in the morning of the 22nd of October, I heard the key of the clock fall off the chimney-piece in the hall where the clock is kept—I was in the kitchen—I ran up stairs, and saw the key and the clock were gone—I ran out, and saw the prisoner Brown at the top of Gloucester-place, and Pace was running in the field—I had seen them together about twenty minutes before, loitering about I pursued, and called, "Stop thief"—they neither of them had the clock then—I saw them taken into custody—they had jumped over the paling to get the clock—the prisoners were taken in about half an hour—the clock was taken up in the road that they ran—I am sure I saw them before, and when I saw them taken I was sure they were the same—there were four of them in all—a man with two children, who was crossing the field, picked up the clock—the one that had it must have thrown it into a ditch—I saw a man with a basket running before me, but he is not here—I lost I sight of him—this is my master's clock—there was some dirt on it I believe.

Brown. Q. When you first saw me, where was I? A. At the corner of Gloucester-place—I saw you looking over the railings.

Pace. Q. Where did you see me? A. At the top of Gloucester-place, with the others looking down the street—I did not see any thing till the clock was gone—I saw you running in the field with two more, and Brown was the last to run—I swear to you by your cap and dirty apron twisted round you, and your face—I saw you distinctly.





CHARLES CRANE
. I am a hay-cutter, and live in Kentish Town. I know the prosecutor's house—on the day in question, I saw four persons come over the field out of Maiden-lane—(I was getting some water out of a pond when they passed me, about seven o'clock)—about half-past eight I heard the cry of Stop thief—they had kept lurking about the same place—I can only swear to Brown, whom I caught before the young woman came up—I asked him what he had been doing—he said he had been doing nothing—I said, I shall hold you till such time as I see "—I held him, and the servant passed, but during the time I was holding him, he offered me 5s. to let him go—I told him I should not do any such thing—I held him till the servant and the mistress passed with the clock—they said they did not intend to do any thing with him—I let him go, and then the policeman came and asked what was the matter, and he took him again.

Brown. Q. Did you not say without I gave you 5s. you would hold me? A. I did not—I cannot say how far you were from where the clock was picked up.





THOMAS ROSE
. I am a policeman. I was crossing the field, and heard I a cry of "Stop thief"—one said, "There goes the man that stole the clock"—I followed Brown, and brought him back—he said he knew nothing of it.

Brown. Q. Was you not quite out of breath from running? A. Yes—I suppose I was two hundred yards off, when I first saw you—you could have escaped.





JOHN EATON
. I am a policeman. I received a description of the three persons that made their escape that Sunday morning, and having to go to the office, I saw Pace, and took him—I said, I want you for

stealing a timepiece with Brown"—he said he knew nothing of it, nor anything about Brown.





AMBROSE ABRAHART
. I was coming up on Sunday morning, and saw these four persons round an empty building, at seven o'clock—I was unloading my master's grains, and heard a cry of Stop thief," and I ran and saw Brown, who was one of them—I told the officer to follow him—I passed close by him, and followed one that had a basket, but he got away.

Brown. Q. When you first came into the field, did you not state I was looking at the mangel wurzel? A. No, you were at the comer of the building.

Pace's Defence. Brown's brother sent me up to High-street, Marylebone,—the officer came up and tapped me on the shoulder, and said he wanted me for a timepiece.

Brown. I leave myself to the mercy of the Court.

BROWN—


GUILTY
. Aged 23

PACE—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.




Transported for Seven Years.
