





1495. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MARSHALL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 25th of July
, 2 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Harvey
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  HENRY 
                  HARVEY
               



            . I am a baker
, and live in Charlotte-street, Portland-place


. The prisoner was in my employ from February to July last; I am in the habit of balancing my cash every night, and I had missed money for several weeks; on the 25th of July I set Frederick Wallis to detect the thief - I had put 30l. in gold, marked, into my iron chest, taking an account of it in writing on the Saturday night; on the Sunday morning I went out as usual; to go to chapel, but returned in a few minutes in a hackney-coach - my witness beckoned me in a few minutes - I went in, and told the prisoner I had missed some money several Mondays, and asked her if she had taken any; she denied it - I then counted my money in her presence, and two sovereigns were deficient; I sent for an officer, who found the two marked sovereigns on her person - there was 11s. in silver missing, but I could not swear to that; I think some silver was found on her, but I do not know how much; the prisoner denied it when the money was found on her, and gave no explanation.


                  FREDERICK 
                  WALLIS
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's service. On Sunday the 25th of July, about twenty minutes past ten o'clock, I was on a shelf in the shop, and could see into the parlour through a hole bored in the wainscot - I could see the iron chest; my master was in a hackney-coach - I saw the prisoner go to the iron chest and unlock a little drawer, take out a key, and unlock the chest; she took something out, but I could not see what; she then locked up the chest and put the key into the drawer - I opened the door and my master came in; I told him what I had seen, and went for the officer.


                  DANIEL 
                  DUTCH
               



            . I am an officer. I was sent for to take the prisoner; I found in her pocket this red purse - I said to the prosecutor, "Here is some money in this purse, can you swear to any of your money?" he said Yes; I took out a sovereign, and he said, "This is mine;" I pulled out the second sovereign, and he said,"This is mine;" I then pulled out a half-sovereign and 8s., but he could not swear to them - I searched her box and found this money-box, which had eight sovereigns, two shillings, and two half-crowns in it; I asked if he knew any of them - he said No, but there was no doubt but it was his, he had been robbed so often; there was a small key shown to me on a bunch.
MR. HARVEY. The key was shown to me, but neither the officer nor myself could open the chest with it, but the prisoner did.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that she had saved the money in service.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for 14 Years
            .
