





137. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     ALLEN
                  




               
             was indicted, for 


               that he on on the 30th of October
, unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously, did maim and wound certain cattle, that is to say 2 calves, price 6l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Wiltshire
                  




               
            ; against the Statute. &c.
Two other COUNTS, for maiming or wounding the said cattle.
MR. BODKIN conducted the prosecution.
THOMAS WILSHIRE. I am a farmer
, and live at Pinner


. On the 29th of October I had five calves; they were safe that night in a shed - three were loose and two tied up; the next morning I heard something and went to the shed; I found the door open and the calves gone, and two of their tails were left in the shed - they were the tails of the two which had been tied up; I found four of my calves at the foot of Harrow-hill, and one of them about one mile and a half another way - I have known the prisoner ever since he was a child; he has occasionally worked in the neighbourhood; I do not think he was in regular work -I had no quarrel with him.


                  JACOB 
                  BRADBURY
               



            . I keep the Red Lion, at Pinner. On Saturday, the 29th of October, Allen and some other man were at my house, which is about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's - they staid till a quarter after ten o'clock - Bigg and Dell were there; they all wenta way together.


                  JAMES 
                  DELL
               



            . I am a labourer, and live at Pinner. I was at the Red Lion that Saturday night; Allen and Bigg were there; we staid there till a quarter or half-past ten o'clock - we then went out, and stood about the bottom of the town till between eleven or twelve - we then went down the marsh, and Bagot proposed to go and let old Moore's calves out; Bigg and I said we would have nothing to do with it - we all went down the marsh, and Bagot went into Wilshire's yard; Allen and Hockley then went into the shed, and when they came out, Allen said "I have cut the b-rs tails off" - Bigg made answer and said "You are a d-d fool;" I did not say anything.



                  WILLIAM 
                  BIGG
               



            . I was there that night - I waited with Dell till Allen and Hockley went into the shed and came out again; Allen said "I have cut the b-r's tails off;" I said "You are a d-d fool for so doing."


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH TUTHELL
               



            . I am clerk to the Magistrate before whom the prisoner was brought. Here is the examination I took down, and this is the Magistrate's signature - the prisoner said, "I did not say I had cut the b-r's tails off;" I said "We had done so."


                  THOMAS 
                  WILSHIRE
               



            . One of the tails were cut very short, and the other about half way; there was much blood from both.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
