






128. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TOLLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     DALTON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of October
, 1 hogshead of brandy, value £75
            , the goods of the 
               

London dock


 company



            .
2nd COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     William Henry 
                     Howes
                  




               
            , and others.
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS & CRESWELL, conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENRY HOWES
               



            . I am in partnership with James and 
               
                  William 
                  Field
               



            , wine and spirit merchants, Mincing-lane; we had a hogshead of brandy at the London docks, which we sold to Mr. Boyer, of Ongar; I signed the delivery order, which was taken to the docks by one of our clerks; and between the 29th and the 31st of October, we paid the duty; on the 31st of October, we sent to clear it, and it had been cleared - I cannot tell by whom; I know nothing of either of the prisoners, and never gave them any authority to get it; the brandy was worth about £15, and with the duty, about £75.


                  EDWARD 
                  GOULD
               



            . I am clerk to Messrs. Field, and Co.; I went on the 31st of October, to get this brandy, and found it had been cleared; Mr. Boyer's cart came for it while I was there, and I told the man it was gone; I had not commissioned any one but Mr. Boyer to have it - I had seen Dalton before; this brandy had been marked W No. 8, and came by the ship Archimedes; if any person could state the number and the mark, he could have it away if the duty had been paid.


                  ROBERT 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am Customs locker at the brandy vaults, in the docks; I had this delivery order produced to me for a hogshead of brandy; it is marked W No. 8, by the Archimedes; the prisoner Tolley, brought the order and gave it in at my window in the usual way; he said he wanted this cask dipped - I dipped it, tried the strength, and delivered it to him; the duty had been paid on the 30th of October; I had known Tolley as a kind of jobbing man
 - there were two or three persons with him whom I did not know.


                  GEORGE 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am clerk in the Customs at the London docks; I have no doubt this is the order that I saw produced; I cannot say who was the person the brandy was delivered to, but it was a person who said his name was Tolley, and the name was recorded in the proper book in the usual way - there is no document produced by the persons who apply for the delivery of goods; they are sent for by a carman or carman's man, or any other person the merchants choose.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMAS DANIEL
               



            . I am a clerk in the London-docks. On the 29th of October, I received the order from Field and Co. to deliver a cask of brandy; it would then have been delivered to any cart which came for it - theorders are put into a box, and the cellar clerk takes them down; in the morning we exchange the merchant's order, and give another order for it.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOWRY
               



            . I am foreman-cooper at the spirit wharf in the London-docks. On the 31st of October, the prisoner Tolley came to me and asked for a cask of brandy marked "W. No. 8." by the Archimedes - as soon as he got it dipped he was in a great hurry to be off; he said he was going in the country a great way off - there were two persons with him, but I did not know them - Dalton was not there; I had known him before - Tolley took them out of the docks in Beaven's cart.


                  NARCISSUS 
                  ROYAL
               



            . I live in Berner-street, Commercial-road. On the 31st of October I was in the George the Fourth public-house between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, I saw Tolley (whom I knew before) come in, and he asked me if I knew any one who had a light cart and horse; I told him I did, and I took him two doors off to Mr. Beaven's, who went with him; he said it was to draw a cask to Whitechapel, and it was about eleven hundred weight - Beavan asked what he would give him; he said 5s.
Tolley's Defence. I was down at the docks, and was employed by two men who gave me a paper with the ship's name, and mark, and number. I went and got the request note and got the brandy. It was permitted to 
               
                  Charles 
                  Page
               



            , at Brixton. They paid me for my trouble, but they are not here.
TOLLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
DALTON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
