







738. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SMITH
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LLOYD
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ATKINSON
                  




               
            , were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of March
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of a man unknown, from his person; and that 
                     
                        William 
                        Smith
                     



                   had before been convicted of felony
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  SALT TUCKER
               



            . I live in Birchin-lane; I am an insurance-broker. On the 27th of March, about a quarter or half-past six o'clock in the afternoon, I was in an omnibus, going down Skinner-street


, towards Farringdon-street - my attention was drawn to the three prisoners following a gentleman, who was a stranger - this induced me to watch them, and I saw one of them lift up the gentleman's pocket, and take a handkerchief out - I cannot say which of them it was, they were all concerned, and close together, and must have seen what the other did - the one who took it was inside, next the houses; he immediately passed the handkerchief to the middle one, and the third one was covering the other two - I was not above six yards from them; they turned round and looked into a shop, and I could then see their faces so as to be able to swear to them distinctly - I am quite sure they were all concurring in the act, and in company together; seeing them going down the hill towards Farringdon street, laughing to themselves, I stopped the omnibus and got out, and then went down the hill a few yards untill I came to Farringdon-street - there I saw Chidzey, the officer, and asked if he had seen it; he took two of them, and I took the other - the gentleman went up towards Newgate-street- if I had followed him I should have lost them; after giving them in custody I went up Newgate-street, andfound the gentleman - he said he was subpoened as a witness before the House of Commons, and he did not give his name or residence - I do not know who he was; he told me he had lost his handkerchief - I asked him to describe it; he said it was a dark red handkerchief, with yellow spots - he claimed the handkerchief at the station-house, but would not swear to it; one of the prisoners said it was his - it had snuff on it, which the gentleman said we should find.
GEORGE CHIDZEY. I am one of the City Police. Tucker came and asked me if I saw these three boys coming down the street; he told me to take two, and he would take one - I did so; I saw the gentleman whom the handkerchief was taken from at the station-house, but he went away - I have not the least knowledge who he was, or where he lives; I found this silk handkerchief on Smith, and a cotton one on Atkinson, and a black silk one on Lloyd - they said the handkerchiefs were their own.
MR. TUCKER. This silk handkerchief is the same colour as the one which they took from the gentleman, who described the handkerchief to me before he saw it, as being red and yellow, wet and snuffy, and on being produced he claimed it.


                  ROBERT 
                  TYRRELL
               



            . I am an officer of the City. I know Smith; I was present in this Court last September, when he was triedand convicted here of a robbery in St. Martin's-le-Grand; here is a certificate of his conviction -(read) - he is the man. I have no doubt of it.
Smith's Defence. The handkerchief is my own.
Atkinson's Defence. I was not in company with them; I was at a broker's at the corner of the street when it happened.
Lloyd and Atkinson received a good character.
SMITH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .
LLOYD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
ATKINSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
