




1189. 




MARGARET BENTLEY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
25th of April, at 
St. Stephen, Coleman-street, 1 £50 bank note, the property of 



William Pledger, her master, in his dwelling-house.






WILLIAM PLEDGER
. I live in Blomfield-street, London-wall, in the parish of St. Stephen, Coleman-street,—I occupy the house myself, and reside there. The prisoner was in my service for twelve days—she came on Saturday, and on the Tuesday week, the 25th of April, this robber) was committed—I only keep one servant—I had a £50 bank note that day which I had received from Mr. Bailey the night before—I had it in my hand at eleven o'clock that morning, and put it into my cash-box, which I put into an iron safe in a small back room, where she had no business to go—the safe was locked, but the key was left in it—the keys of the cash-box laid in a book-case in the same room—about half past four o'clock in the afternoon, I went to the cash-box to take the note out to take it to the banker's, and could not find it—I had paid a person two £10 notes about eleven o'clock that morning—I could not tell what had become of it—I got the number, went to the Bank of England, and stopped it next morning—on Thursday morning, about eleven o'clock, I received notice from the Bank of England—the prisoner would not do any thing, and it struck me that she wanted me to discharge her—I got an officer and searched her, but did not find the note, and I discharged her—it was produced by the bank-clerk on Saturday at Guildhall—she was apprehended on the Friday.





GEORGE WILLIAMS
. I am a draper and live in Aldgate. On Thursday, the 27th of April, the prisoner came to my shop at half-past four o'clock in the afternoon—I never saw her before—she bought goods which came to 11l. 5s., and gave me a £50 note—I told her I could not change it—she said her uncle would change it—I sent my young man opposite to Mr. Mobby, the grocer, to see if he could change it—it was not changed—(I did not expect he would change it)—I then took it myself, and west out under the pretence of getting it changed, but not intending to change it—I returned, and said I could not get it changed, but if she particularly wished any money, I would give her the difference, and make it 20l., provided she left the note, which she did, and took the change, and went away—she said she lodged somewhere in Hackney-road—she gave her address, and the goods were sent there—next morning I sent my apprentice to the Bank of England with the note—I did not see it again till the following Saturday, when it was before the Magistrate at Guildhall.





JOSHUA FREEMAN
. I am a clerk in the Bank of England. I have a £50 note which I received from the cashier at the Bank, on the 29th of April, to produce at Guildhall before the Magistrate—I marked it with my initials and delivered it to the cashier, and he delivered it to me again—this is the same note.





THOMAS BOONE
. I am clerk to Messrs Hanbury & Co., bankers, Lombard-street. I paid a note of the same number and date as this on Saturday the 22nd of April, for a draft of John Back and Co.—I cannot tell to whom—the draft was payable to Mr. Bailey.





JOHN BAILEY
. I keep a tavern in Aldermanbury. I received this note myself, at Hanbury's, the bankers, in Lombard-street, on Saturday, the 22nd of April, from Mr. Boone—I paid it to Mr. Pledger on Monday the 24th of April, I received two £50 notes from him—I know nothing more of it than that it was one of those I handed over to Mr. Pledger—I know nothing of the number.





JOHN ROE
. I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner with the property she had purchased at the linen draper's, on Friday the 28th, on Saffronhill

—she was carrying the property in the street—I searched her, and found five sovereigns, and 18s. 1d. on her, with the bill of the goods, and a pair of new gold ear-rings in a box.

MR. PLEDGER
re-examined. I believe this to be the note I lost—I did not make any mark on it—I had but one £50 note—I do not know the number. I received it from Mr. Bailey on the Monday morning.





GEORGE WILLIAMS

re-examined. This is the note the prisoner brought me—I kept the number of it in my recollection, before I sent it to the Bank—I did not write it down, but I recollect it—when I sent my apprentice with it I directed him to get it changed—I can swear this is the note—it is number 16028—I am certain of it—I did not look at the date—the prisoner was to call at two o'clock for the balance, but she did not—she was apprehended between two and three o'clock.





JOSHUA FREEMAN

re-examined. The number is 16028—we have another note no doubt of the same number, but not of the same date—there may be twenty of this number but all different dates—I cannot tell what day this was paid in at the Bank—it is dated the 30th of March, 1837.

Prisoner's Defence. I picked the note off the floor—I leave myself to the mercy of the Court.

MR. PLEDGER. The book-case Was not locked—I did not notice that the keys were in a different lace—I am sure I did not drop the note.




GUILTY
. Age 32.—


Transported for Life.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder

