



46. 




JAMES POTTER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of November. I bag, value 3d.; and 12 sovereigns; the goods and monies of 




Arthur Pucker, from his person.






ARTHER TUCKER
. I live at Atherley, in Devonshire, and am a butcher. On the 9th of November, about twelve o'clock in the day. I had been to Smithfield market, and was returning back towards the Strand—this man ran

prosecutor sent his servant after me—I did not come immediately—he came after me, took it back, and told me to open it, which I did. up against me—there was no person going the same way—the prisoner came up to me, pulled my own hand out of my pocket, and rushed in his—my money was under my hand, in my right-band breeches pocket—there were twelve sovereigns in a purse—he took out my purse—I caught hold of him by the elbow and collar, and said, "You have robbed me"—some more came round and took my hands off—I sing'd out, "Stop him, he has robbed me"—I never lost sight of him—I have lost the money altogether—there were eight or ten persons in the gang.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was not there a great crowd to see the Lord Mayor's show? A. There were, but not so much—there was a vast crowd in the street—the procession had that moment passed—I was going down on the right side, to the strand—the prisoner came in front of me, and passed on my right side, pulled out my right hand with his lift, and put his right hand into my pocket—my right hand was next the wall—he was never more than nine or ten feet from me—I have never said I did lose sight of him—he got out of my grasp—he could not be a foot from me—he got away, but I sung out, and he was laid hold of—the witness was the first that laid hold of him.





RICHARD COX
. I am a butcher. I was in the Poultry—I was not acquainted with the prosecutor—I saw the prisoner drawing his hand from Mr. Tucker's pocket—he held out his hand, which was clenched, to some of his companions—I did not see what was in it—I should think he had fourteen or fifteen companions—I am sure the prisoner is the man.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you standing? A. Very near the house—about two behind the prosecutor—I was the next person, till the prisoner came up between us—he then was behind the prosecutor—I then saw him do what had been stated—It is a mistake if any one has said he was in front of the prosecutor—I am sure I saw the act done.





JOSEPH KING
. I was an extra constable. The prosecutor gave the prisoner into my custody, and charged him with robbing him of a bag with twelve sovereigns—I had been watching the mob that he belonged to—I searched him, and found on him this life-preserver, or "life-disturber," as some call them.

Cross-examined. Q. Might not many an honest and respectable man have such a thing—It is not a whip? A. Yes; but it was carried up his coat, and coiled up—It is carried by most of the swell mob.

MR. DOANE
called






HENRY MOON
. I am a hat manufacturer, carrying on business in Lambeth-square. I was born in the parish where I now live—I was in Cheapside on Lord Mayor's-day—I never saw the prisoner before—I saw him in the crowd—he was standing in a line with me—a rush was made, and an altercation took place—I saw a man collar the prisoner—I was pushed into the road, and a great many more with me, and the prisoner was pushed too—he had been there for upwards of twenty minutes, standing in a line with myself—I should think he had not the possibility of being next the wall, and robbing the prosecutor—I do not think he got out of my sight.

COURT. Q. He was entirely a stranger to you? A. I never saw him before in my life—there was a bit of a rush—I cannot tell for what—I have no idea that any one was robbed—I was not robbed—there were several pushed into the road with us—that is, all that were near Mr. Tucker—I think I stood two or three off the prisoner—I cannot tell who were with him—I did not go to the office with the prisoner.


Q. How came the prisoner to find you out? A. Though the medium of Mr. White—he does not know the prisoner, to my knowledge—I came in consequence of Mr. White's telling me to come.





HENRY WHITE
. My father holds the office of one of the senior clerks in the Record Office, in Chancery-lane—I am one of the junior clerks. On Lord Mayor's-day, I went with the last witness, to see the show—I saw the prisoner—I never saw him before—I observed him for a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes, as near as possible—I had been remarking the prisoner from his conversation—taking about the show—while he was standing there, I heard a cry of, "Robbery"—there was a rush forwards, and we were driven off the pavement—I turned and saw the prisoner struggling with a man in a butcher's dress—If he had been near the wall robbing the prosecutor, I must have seen him.

COURT. Q. Had he any companion with him? A. No, not that I saw—I have heard talk of a swell mob—I cannot say whether the gentleman was robbed—I did not go down to the office with him.

Q. How came you here? A. From mentioning the circumstance to a friend, a solicitor—I thought the man was ill-used—I cannot say whether the man was robbed—I have brought no witnesses here at all.

Prisoner. I can only state that I am entirely innocent of the robbery—I know nothing about it.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Life.
