





701. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     COLLISON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Day
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN DAY. I am a merchant
, and live in Water-lane, Tower-street. On the 10th of April, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was going up Mincing-lane


 with my handkerchief in my outside coat pocket; I am sure it was there - near the top of Mincing-lane I was told my pocket was picked; the prisoner was pointed out to me - I ran after him; he got to the middle of Billiter-street before he was stopped - I lost sight of him in turning two corners - the handkerchief was given to me in his presence, and he was charged with stealing it; I do not know that he said any thing - he appeared the same person as was pointed out to me; I saw nobody in his company - several persons pursued him.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see me running away from you? A. Yes, the moment I heard I had lost my handkerchief; I did not see you with it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am a dealer in fish, and live in Lower Thames-street. I was in Mincing lane, and saw the prisoner close behind Mr. Day and another person in his company; I saw the prisoner draw the handkerchief out of Mr. Day's pocket, and told Mr. Day immediately - the prisoner ran away; his companion came behind after the prisoner was taken, and was outside the watch-house door - he had run part of the way with the prisoner; I kept my attention on the prisoner - I never lost sight of him till he was stopped; he dropped the handkerchief in the middle of Billiter-lune; I did not see him drop it - it was found near him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ARTHUR
               



            . I am a constable. I received the prisoner in charge at the watch-house, with the handkerchief.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about it; I did not know what I was stopped for.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
