





115. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MURRAY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of November
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s., the goods of a person unknown, from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  HIGGINS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 9th of November I saw the prisoner and another person in the Strand - I followed them to Fleet-street; they tried several gentleman's pockets; and at the corner of Water-lane


 I saw the prisoner take this handkerchief from a gentleman's pocket - he ran down Boar's Headyard - I took him, and found this handkerchief on him.
Prisoner. Q.Why did not you apprise the gentleman of it? A. If I had, I must have lost you: I might be ten yards from you.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that the handkerchief was his own; that on his taking it from his pocket, to wipe some coach-splashes from his face, the officer came up, and charged him with stealing it from a gentleman.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HIGGINS
               



            . There was a cart coming up, and the prisoner had another lad with him, covering him with an apron - I am certain I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief from the gentleman's left-hand pocket, and put it into his trousers pocket - here is the letter L. onit; the gentleman looked round, but took no more notice - the prisoner ran down the yard, and I caught him about fifteen yards off; there was a great crowd about the gentleman - I had known the prisoner before, and had followed him down the Strand and Fleet-street.
JURY. Q. What time of day was this? A. About half-past two o'clock; I was on the other side of the street, and could see plainly - the prisoner was in the service of his brother-in-law for some time, who is a coach-carver.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
