





666. 
               
                  DENNIS 
                  SULLIVAN
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Abraham 
                        Ellis
                     




                  , on the 14th of January
, at St. George's, and stealing therein, 1 carpet, value 10s.; 2 chairs, value 6s.; 1 hearthrug, value 3s.; and 3 yards of baize, value 4s.; his goods
            .(See 3rd Session, page 262.)


                  ELIZABETH 
                  LEE
               



            . I am the daughter-in-law of Abraham Ellis, who is a tailor
, and lives in St. George's-court, William-street, Cannon-street-road


 - he rents the house, and lives in it - on Tuesday, the 14th of January, between five and six o'clock in the evening, I closed the parlour-shutters; every thing was secure - I went into the parlour to fetch my bonnet and shawl - every thing was safe then. I went out at six o'clock, leaving Mr. Ellis and my sister in the house- I returned at eight o'clock - I did not go into the parlour - I went into the back room, and between nine and ten o'clock I went into the parlour, and missed these articles- I have recovered every thing - the parlour window was shut, but whether the catch was fast or not, I cannot tell; but I am sure the window was shut - the shutters were closed, but not bolted - they had entered through the window, which I found wide open, and the shutters.


                  CAROLINE 
                  HILL
               



            . I live at No. 24, London-terrace, Commercial-road - on Monday, the 13th of January, I had a furnished parlour to let - a woman named Bennet came and took it of me, and in the evening she brought a man who she said was her husband - his name is 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Pearson
               



             - they both came on the 13th, and did not go out till the next afternoon - they invited the prisoner to tea with them on the 14th - he came, and between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, Sullivan and Pearson went outtogether, and were gone about a quarter of an hour - they brought in a small bundle, containing some wet linen, and four chairs; they went out again, and Pearson came home with a large bundle, which appeared to be the carpet-rug, and two pieces of baize - that was directly after he brought the chairs - I went out for a candle - I was not gone above two or three minutes, and met Sullivan in the court with two more chairs - he took them into the lodgers'-room - he went out again, and fetched another chair, which made seven chairs - he was gone hardly a minute - my sister bought the last three chairs, which Sullivan brought in next morning, and paid Bennet for them - Bennet asked me to let the other chairs remain in my kitchen, and there they remained till the constable found them - Bennet opened the bundle containing wet things, and dried them before the fire.
Prisoner. Q. In what way do you get your living? A. By my husband's industry; he worked then at Spencer and Wood's, Goswell-street.


                  JAMES 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am a policeman. On taking the prisoner from the New Court, after being tried last Sessions, to the Compter, he said to me, "I am sure to be done this time, it is about the chairs in the Commercial-road"- Hill lives about two minutes' walk from the prosecutor.


                  ANN 
                  GOSS
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Goss
               



            . My sister(Hill) came to me on Wednesday, the 15th - I live in Plumber's-row - I bought three chairs of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Bennet
               



             - my sister was present - the officer has got them - the prisoner laid in bed at the time I bought them.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DICKINSON
               



            . I am a policeman. Bennet was tried and convicted last Sessions - I returned all the property to the prosecutor last Sessions - the prisoner was not in custody at that time - I showed the chairs and property stated in the indictment to the prosecutor - they had been in my custody.
ELIZABETH LEE re-examined. I saw the chairs and carpets and things in the custody of the officer in the other court - I swear they belonged to my father-in-law, Abraham Ellis - I am quite sure of it.
Prisoner's Defence. On the night of the robbery, a young man and woman (the man had lived at my father's house) went and took a room at Hill's, and invited me to tea - they said the lodgings were furnished by themselves - that they had some property at a house, which they were going to remove that night to the lodging - they kept me till five o'clock in the afternoon - I went out with Pearson - he told me to wait at the top of London-terrace, while he brought the property to me - he gave me two chairs to carry, which I brought to the witness's house, and saw nothing of it since - I cannot say who the chairs belonged to - Hill is not to be believed; she lives in a state of prostitution, and has been twice in the House of Correction for robbing her lodgings.
CAROLINE HILL re-examined. I live with my husband.


                  JAMES 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . When I stopped Pearson, (who was tried,) the prisoner was with him, and ran away - I am certain of him, I knew him well before.



               GUILTY
            .* Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            . - There were two other indictments against the prisoner for housebreaking.
