



2150. 




FRANCIS SMITH
 was indicted

 for that he, on the 
4th of September, unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously, by force, did take away and detain a child of the age of nine years, with intent to deprive 



Amelia Ellis, the parent of the said child, of the possession thereof; against the Statute, &c—2nd COUNT, with intent to deprive 



Edwin Ellis, then having the lawful care and charge of the said child, of the possession there of.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.





AMELIA ELLIS
. I am the wife of Edwin Ellis, and live at Hillingdon My name was Amelia Blizzard—I had a son, named William Blizzard, by my former husband—he was nine years old last April—on the 4th of September I sent him to pay 6d., and he did not come back till the officer brought him back on Saturday last, the 15th—I did not give him leave to go away and stay—I do not know the prisoner—I had charge of the child—he was living with me and my present husband.





WILLIAM BLIZZARD
. I am nine years old. I recollect my mother sending me to pay 6d. to Mr. Hampton last Tuesday fortnight—I paid the 6d.—when I was going home I saw the prisoner against Mrs. Hampton's—it was near the turnpike—he lifted me up into a cart, and drove away—he never said a word before he did it—it was between eleven and twelve o'clock—we trotted up Hillingdon-hill—I tried to get away, and he would not let me—he told me he wanted me to sell some herrings for him, and to mind the cart—he asked me what my name was—we had good way

then—I told him it was William Blizzard—he told me to say my name was George—he took me to London—he said he would give me a good hiding if I told the gentlemen that my name was William Blizzard—when we got to London he sold some bones that were in his cart—he did not stop at all—he went through London—I slept that night under the cart—the prisoner slept there too—the next night we came to a field where they were making hay, and he told me to get some for his horse—I said I should not, I must not—he then gave me a good hiding with the whip—I travelled with him about the country—I do not know where we went to—he beat me three times—he beat me the last time because I would not get him some turnips that were growing in a field—when he took me I was going back to my mother—I should have gone if he had not taken me—he put me up whether I would or not—I did all I could to prevent him—I was with him ten days—the constable brought me back.

Prisoner. Q. Why don't you speak the same as you spoke at Wickham?—did I ever beat you? A. Yes, you did.

Prisoner. He told quite a different story altogether there—Mrs. Hampton could prove to the contrary—I stopped half an hour for him, and he said he had got leave of his friends to go.





ROBERT JARVIS
. I am a constable of Hillingdon. I had a warrant to apprehend the prisoner, and found him at Wickham last Saturday morning, fifteen miles from Hillingdon—I found the boy just opposite the Three Swans—I went up the town, and the beadle brought the boy to me—I brought the prisoner and the boy to Uxbridge.





CHARLES JAMES MURRAY
. I am a constable of Uxbridge. I went with Jarvis to get the boy—he told the same story there that he has to-day—the Mayor at Wickham said to the boy," You told me a different story yesterday," and the boy said, "The man threatened to beat me if I told the truth"—h was taken at Wickham for ill-treating the boy—we heard of it, and went there.

Prisoner. I wish that statement to come up from Wickham before I am tried—Mrs. Hampton is in bed now, or she would come and say that I waited for the boy half an hour—I was heavily loaded—we both went pushing the cart up the hill—I have got a wife and six children of my own, and this is a falsity altogether—I did it to do the boy good—he said his mother had six children, and I said if he would come with me I would fill I his belly—I never laid a lash upon him—I was coming back with him that very day I was taken, to Uxbridge, to leave him there again—I did not go to London at all—I went to Hammersmith—he voluntarily came with me, and walked all the way up the hill—I asked him ten times if he was to go—he said yes, he had been home to ask his mother, and I might take him as long as I liked—what the boy has said is all wrong—what he said at Wickham was right.




GUILTY
. Aged 48.—


Transported for Seven Years.
