



55. 




WILLIAM SHERREY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of November, 1 watch, value 6l.; 1 chain, value 3l.; 1 guard-chain, value 10s.; and 1 seal, value 1l. 10s.; the goods of 



Richard Mance, in the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Webber.






RICHARD MANCE
. I am shopman to Thomas Webber, a corn-chandler in Theobald's-road. On Tuesday morning, the 1st of November, between seven and eight o'clock, the prisoner came to order some corn and hay for his master—I had never seen him before—Mr. Webber asked him in to breakfast, and he breakfasted there—he left the house about ten o'clock, and after he was gone I missed my watch, which laid in the window of the room where he breakfasted—I had seen it several times during breakfast—there was a gold seal, a chain, and a guard-chain to it—I gave information, and circulated bills, offering a reward for to—this is it—I saw it again on the 3rd of November at Hatton Garden.





RICHARD CHARLES
. I am shopman to Mr. Sherrard, a pawnbroker in John-street-road, a mile and a half from Mr. Webber's—I took this guardchain, on the 1st of November, about half past six o'clock in the evening, from King, and the watch on the 2nd of November, from King also—I afterwards gave information to the police.





JOSEPH KING
. I work for my father, who is a cowkeeper, in Whiskin-street, Clerkenwell. On the 1st of November, about half past eleven o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner in Hatton Garden, and about half an hour after he asked me to go and pawn this chain and seal for him—I did so at Mr. Clune's—at six o'clock in the evening he gave me this guardchain, which I pawned at Mr. Sherrard's—I received the watch from him next morning, which I pawned at the same place.





SAMUEL CLARKE
. I am in the employ of Mr. Clune, a pawnbroker. I have a chain and seal, which were pawned on the 1st of November by King.





JOHN STURGES
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner—I was before the magistrate when he was examined, and heard what he said—it was taken down, and Mr. Laing signed it—this is his signature—(read)—"The prisoner says I must own I took the watch—I took it from the shelf."




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.

