






97. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     BLYTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of November
, 1 sovereign; 14 shillings; and 1 sixpence, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Wartnaby
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
DAVID WARTNABY. I am a journeyman carpenter
, and live at No. 68, Well-street. I am married, and have three children; on the 8th of November, I was rather tipsy, I fell in with the prisoner - I went to some house with her; I had not made any bargain with her - I gave her 2s.; I cannot say how long I was in the house with her, but I was with her three quarters of an hour altogether; we had been in two public-houses; when I left her room, I went to a gin shop, and there I missed my money; when I went with her, I had about 2l. 15s., I lost one sovereign and the silver from my left-hand breeches-pocket - I did not take my breeches off.


                  HUGH 
                  BISHOP
               



             (police-constable C 72). I was coming down Chapel-street, on the evening stated. I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner; he called me, and gave charge of her for robbing him of a sovereign and some silver; he was the worse for liquor; he said he had given her 2s.; she said yes, but she had bought a quartern of rum, and had 1s. 6d. left, which was all she had in the world; I took her to the station-house - I heard something fall, I took the candle, and found it was a sovereign - I then found 14s. on her.
Prisoner. I did not say I had no money - I said none but my own. Witness. She said the 1s. 6d. was every farthing she had in the world, and I was welcome to search her.
Prisoner's Defence (written). I met by appointment a friend of mine. He was going into the country, and before we parted he gave me 1l. 14s. As I was going home I met my prosecutor at the bottom of Princes-street, where he accosted me, and being very tipsy, he took hold of me, saying, I should not go till I had had something to drink with him, which we had: he then asked me to take him as far as Oxford-street; being so tipsy, and my way home, I consented, and we went together. He then would not let me go till we went to a public-house, where he asked for some rum, but I persuaded him not to drink it; he however pulled out his money to pay for it, which he threw on the counter. He had a great deal of silver, and a half-sovereign. I did not see any of his money fall, though he said he had lost a sovereign; he then sent for a policeman and gave me in charge, being so tipsy he could not remember what he did. At the station-house he said, if I would have paid for the rum, he would not have not said any thing about it; I did pay for it, for he gave me 2s. for that purpose.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 39. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
