




557. 




WILLIAM SMITH
 and 




THOMAS JORDAN
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



James Long, on the 
28th of January, at 
St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, and stealing therein 3 coats, value 3l. 10s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 15s.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s.; 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; 1 gown, value 10s.; 3 cloaks, value 12s.; and 1 shawl, value 1s.; his property.






ELIZABETH ESTHER LONG
. I am the wife of James Long, who is a weaver, living in Wellington-row, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green. On Wednesday afternoon, the 28th of January, I was up stairs, at my work—I left work about a quarter before five o'clock, and came down stairs to get tea ready—I heard footsteps in the passage, and a noise in the bed-room—I heard two persons go out of the house—I called to know who was going out, but got no answer—I found my bed-room window open—that is the front room, on the ground floor, about two feet from the pavement—I opened the street door, and about ten yards from the door, on the right hand, I saw two lads, walking slowly, side by side—on my left hand a stranger was passing—I made inquiry of the stranger—I saw Jordan's face, and observed that they each looked round at me, and turned their heads, but I did not observe the face of the other prisoner—I observed Jordan so as to know him again—the other person had a round brown cap on—when Smith was apprehended, he had such a cap at Worship-street office in his hand—I spoke loud enough to the stranger who was passing for the lads to hear me—I asked whether those lads came out of my house—I cannot not say they heard the answer—I immediately said, "We are robbed;" and when I uttered those words the two lads both began to run—the man I questioned ran the same way, and my husband followed—Jordan was brought back to my door—I immediately recognised him to be one of the boys who had turned round and looked me in the face—I searched my bed-room, found the drawers open, and my husband's clothes taken out—the glass of the window was cut, and the screw which fastened both sashes together was gone—the window was fast, to my certain knowledge, at half-past twelve o'clock—it was screwed—nobody could open it without breaking the glass, and that would admit a hand to undo the screw—the window-sash had been raised up—I received from my apprentice a great-coat, a pair of trowsers, and a waistcoat—I had observed that some clothes were gone out of the

drawer, but did not exactly know what—I afterwards missed two coats from the drawer—one of them had a silk pocket-handkerchief in it—I found my gown, some children's cloaks, and a shawl, removed from my own bed, where I had left them, and put on the children's bed.





JAMES DEAN
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Wellington-row. On the afternoon of the 28th of January, I was in my garden—I heard a cry of "Stop thief" proceeding from my left hand, about thirty yards in the direction of the prosecutor's—I saw two lads running towards me from the prosecutor's—I had a full view of them—the prisoners are the two lads, I am certain—I stopped Jordan—Smith got away—I am not quite certain of Smith, as he turned his head very quickly—I had a full view of him for a short time—I will not undertake to swear to him.





JAMES LONG
. I am the husband of Elizabeth Esther Long, and live in Wellington-row. When my wife had been down stairs about two minute, she gave an alarm—I ran down stairs—I asked which way they had run—I ran after them, but did not see them; and about one hundred yards from my own house, I picked up my great-coat, trowsers, and waistcoat, lying all in a heap together—they are worth 2l. 15s.—I missed two other coats—I found the articles in the direction the boys ran—the pane of glass had been broken at the corner, and mended before—I found the corner had been dug out, and the window screw gone.





JOSEPH ROBERT ONION
. I am a bonnet-shape maker, and live in Wellington-row. I went in pursuit of the thieves, hearing the alarm—I saw Long pick up the trowsers, coat, and waistcoat, from a ditch—as Jordan was taken back to the house, I was behind him, and saw him take his hand from his left hand pocket, and drop an instrument, which will be produced—a lad took it up, by my direction—I afterwards saw the policeman try the instrument to the marks made in the putty of the window—they were exactly the marks such an instrument would make, and were made by it, in my opinion—the corners of the chisel are both broken off, and there were marks of that on the putty.





JOHN HERSCROFT
 (police-constable H 75.) I received Jordan into custody, from Long, and took him to Long's house—on the road I heard something chink on the stones, and this chisel was delivered to me by the apprentice boy I believe—I said to Jordan, "These are the instruments you make use of, are they?"—he said, "I picked that up in Bethnal-green-road"—I applied it to the marks in the window-frame—the centre square of the top sash—it is a very remarkable chisel, and it fitted the marks exactly—I merely laid it into the old mark—there was only one mark in the window—I have no doubt that instrument made that mark.





JAMES THOMPSON
 (police-constable H 178.) I was on duty in Went-worth-court, on Wednesday, the 28th, about a quarter past five o'clock in the afternoon, and found Smith at William Sheen's lodging-house, in Elgar-place, (which is a house of ill-fame,) Whitechapel, about a mile and a half from the prosecutor's—when I went into the room he was in the act of pulling off this coat, with a velvet collar—he had it off all but the sleeves, and was putting it on the bed—I said, "You are my prisoner"—my brother officer took another coat off a table in the room.





JAMES LONG

re-examined. These coats are mine, and were in my drawer that afternoon—they are worth 1l. together—there was a silk handkerchief in the coat with a velvet collar—that has not been found—my wife has the cloak and gown only, they were not taken out of the house.

Smith's Defence. I had not got the coat on—I was laying it on a box

—I had been to sleep, and directly I got up, I saw the officers come in, I put my clothes on the table—he came in and took hold of me—I do not know who put the coats there.

Jordan's Defence. I picked the chisels up in Bethnal-green-road, about half an hour before.
(Benjamin Gurney, Spicer-street, New-road; and John Brandy, weaver, Scott-street, gave Jordan a good character.)

SMITH—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

JORDAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.




Transported for Seven Years.
