





2108. 
               
                  PHOEBE 
                  WILSON
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 28th of September
, of an evil-disposed person, 4 pairs of shoes, value 12s., the goods of 
                     
                        James 
                        Stewart
                     




                  , she well knowing them to have been stolen
            .
JAMES STEWART. I am a boot and shoemaker
, and live in High-street, Shadwell


. On the 28th of September, about one o'clock, inquiry was made if I had lost any shoes; I immediately missed four pairs, which had hung at the door.


                  DENNIS 
                  POWER
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On Thursday, the 29th of September, I received information respecting the prisoner - I went next day, and found her at her own house, in London-terrace, Commercial-road - she keeps a house of ill-fame; I took her into custody - she asked what it was for; I told her for some shoes which she had pawned, and asked where she had got them - she said she did not steal them, but a young man named James Rankin had shirked them, and that he gave them to her to dispose of - I asked where she had pawned them; she said she pawned one pair at Williams', Cable-street, Wellclose-square - that she took them herself; I asked if she sent young Stubbs to pawn a pair - she said she did; I asked how much he got for them - she said 2s. 6d., and that theywere pawned at Hale's, late Anderton, Commercial-road; I asked where the remainder of them were; she said she did not know - I did not mention how many pairs had been lost till afterwards; I went with her to Williams', who produced a pair, but said he was not present when they were pawned - she told him she had pawned them herself, and what they were pawned for, and described them; I took her to the station, and asked if she knew about any more - she said there were four pairs stolen, she knew, but she knew nothing of more than two pairs; I have one pair, which I got from Laws, and another from Nock.
WILLIAM STUBBS. I am going on for fourteen years old. On Wednesday, the 28th of September, the prisoner sent me to pawn a pair of shoes, and said she would give me a halfpenny - she told me to take them to Anderton's, to ask 3s., and not take less than 2s. 6d.; I received 2s. 6d. for them, took her the money, and got her change for the half-crown - I was with her at the top of Morgan-street, when a young man named Joseph Sheplierd came and asked her how much I had got for them - she said 2s. 6d.; he said,"How much did he ask?" she said 3s.


                  GEORGE 
                  SMELLEY
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. Hale, a pawnbroker, who succeeded Anderton. Stubbs pawned a pair of shoes with me on the 28th of October, for 2s. 6d.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NOCK
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Williams, of Cable-street. A pair of shoes were pawned with me - I do not know who by; the Policeman brought the prisoner to me - she owned that she had pawned them.


                  CATHERINE 
                  SOLOMON
               



            . On a Wednesday in September, about half-past two o'clock, I saw the prisoner sitting on the step of her door, and asked her to lace my frock, which was undone; she did so - she sat there with a pair of shoes in her hand, and asked if I would buy them; I asked what she wanted - she said 2s.; I bought them - they were quite new; she said they were misfits of her own - that she did not like them, and would sell them; I pawned them at Laws', for 2s. 6d., to get the money to pay her; I went back, and gave her the money - here are a pair produced by Power, with No.3 on them, which was on those I bought, and they are the same sort of shoes.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I did not know they were stolen.


                  DENNIS 
                  POWER
               



            . The meaning of shirked is stolen from a shop or warehouse.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19 - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
