





1697. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     NEALE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of June
, 1 watch, value 1l.; 1 watch-chain, value 1s.; 2 watch-keys, value 4d.; 1 seal, value 6d.; 1 box, value 4d.; 1 sovereign, 2 half-sovereigns, and 5 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Pearce
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am a labourer
, and live in Oxfordshire, but was in town on business. On the 23rd of June, about ten o'clock at night, I met the prisoner - I do not know in what street it was; she asked me to go home with her - I agreed to go; we went to a public-house, and had a quartern of gin, and then went to a room; I gave her 1s. 6d. for the room, but had no concern with her - I was tired, and fell asleep; when I awoke the prisoner was gone, and my money, watch, and box; the officer took the prisoner in a few minutes - I know she is the person.


                  THOMAS 
                  HAINES
               



            . I am an officer. On Sunday morning, at half-past two o'clock, the prosecutor said he had been robbed - he was then getting nearly sober; I went in search of the prisoner, and found her; I had seen her with him at half-past ten o'clock - she denied all knowledge of the property, and said it was not her, but another girl.


                  THOMAS 
                  ARNOLD
               



             (Police-constable D 32.) I assisted to take the prisoner - she objected to be searched by a man, and I was going to send for a woman; at last she said a married man should search her - I then untied the string of her apron, and this box fell on the ground; I took it up, and said, "What is in this?" she said, "Only a shilling;" I opened it, and found two half-sovereigns: she said, "Take one of them, and say no more;" I said,"We don't do business in that way;" I then untied the string of her flannel petticoat, and this watch fell down.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor at half-past nine o'clock, and he gave me the watch; he was very drunk - I never looked into the box at all; I only went to the next door, and he called the officer.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
