





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
1464. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD DAVIS 
                     CORBETT
                  




               
             was indicted, that 


               he, on the 28th of August
, at St. Dunstan-in-the-West


, feloniously did falsely make, forge, and couterfeit, and cause and procure to be falsely made, forged, and counterfeited, and willingly act and assist in the false making, forging, and counterfeiting, a certain warrant and order for the payment of money, purporting to be a warrant and order to 
                     
Messrs
. Child, & Co
.



                  , for the payment of sixty-six pounds 18s. 6d., to Mr. Price or bearer, dated Greenwich, August 28, 1833, and singed Charles Parr Burney, with intention to defraud John Wormald, and others his co-partners, trading under the firm of Messieurs. Child, & co.; against the statute
            , &c.
2ND COUNT, for feloniously uttering, and publishing as true, a like forged warrant and order for payment of money, well knowing it to be forged, with a like intent.
MR. ADOLPHUS conducted the prosecution.
MR. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  WORMALD
               



            . My father is a partner in the banking-house of Child, & co.; he has other persons in partnership with him - they carry on the business under the firm of Child, & Co.; there are more than two partners - on the day stated in the indictment, the prisoner came to the banking-house and brought this cheque and demanded the money for it - Dr. Burney has an account at our house - I stopped the prisoner and gave him into custody to an officer; he said his name was Richard Davis at first, and said he had the cheque from a Mr. Jones, and that he was to meet Jones at Woolwich - he said he had the cheque ot get the money and take it to Mr. Jones; that he was very slightly acquainted with Mr. Jones - (Dr. Burney's Christian names are 
               
                  Charles 
                  Parr
               



             - in consequence of some circumstances Dr. Burney had altered his mode of drawing by an agreement with our house which I understood) - the prisoner said he was to meet Mr. Jones at the Barrack Tavern that evening, or early the next morning; the Barrack Tavern is on Woolwich Common - I went with him to Woolwich the same day, in company with the officer and some others - I did not go to the tavern myself - I do not know anything of a Mr. Jones - I thought the signature was a forgery, both from the want of likeness to Dr. Burney's hand-writing, and from theomission of what was the understanding between us about all his cheques.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. I believe it is the custom of your house not to pay any cheques not written in full? A. They are all written instead of being printed - Dr. Burney does not write different hands; it bears a very general similarity throughout.
COURT. Q. Do you mean that Dr. Burney's hand does, or that this paper does? A. No; Dr. Burney's hand does.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. There is no difficulty in deciphering what is his hand-writing? A. Generally speaking there is a great similarity - We have before paid drafts which were not his, which purported to be his - I had never seen the prisoner before to my knowledge; I did not receive the cheque from the prisoner's hand - I was close to the person to whom it was presented, and saw it presented by the prisoner - Geroge Lock is the person to whom it was presented; he is not here - the prisoner said he received it from a Mr. Jones; I went to Woolwich with him; he said that he was to meet Jones at the Barrack Tavern - I did not go to the tavern - I did not inquire for Mr. Jones at Woolwich - I have not had the cheque in my own individual keeping; when I received it I made such an inspection of it as enables me to say it is the same cheque - I was in the act of paying money at the time - it was put into my hands by Lock.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. And did you see the prisoner put it into his hand? A. I did; I had some conversation with the prisoner about it, after he was in another room - the cheque was present, and he knew of what cheque I spoke; it was the same cheque as Lock had put into my hand.
DR. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  PARR BURNEY
               



            . Not a letter of this cheque is in my hand-writing; I never in my life authorised anybody to write it.
Cross-examined. Q. Does it occasionally happen that your hand varies? A. Not more than your's or anybody else's; I perhaps may have mistaken my own hand-writing, but never when I wrote a cheque.
Q. Can you take upon yourself to say you have not had an occasion, when you have doubted about that being your writing, which ultimately turned out to be so? A. The circumstance I believe to which you refer, is this, another cheque was presented at Child's, that cheque was returned to me as wanting the private mark agreed on by the bankers and myself; on receiving the cheque, I never troubled myself to see if it was real or forged; I simply looked to see if the mark agreed on was there or not, finding it was not there, I knew I had not drawn the cheque, and substituted for the cheque another with the mark - I never looked as to whether it was my hand-writing or not; it was returned to me simply as requiring that particular mark - I looked at it and thought I destroyed the cheque, but I destroyed only half of it, and on looking among some letters, this half cheque was found; I suppose that is what the allusion is made to.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Allowing for a difference, in sickness or health, or any accident, can you tell your own handwriting, as well as other men can tell? A. I have no doubt of it; I swear this is not my hand-writing.
DANIEL FORRESTER. I am a city-officer. The prisoner was delivered to me by Mr. Wormald and Chadwick.


                  JOHN 
                  CHADWICK
               



            . I am the policeman into whose custody the prisoner was delivered when stopped at Childs' - I heard the question asked him about receiving the cheque; he said he had received it from a person named Jones, on the Tuesday - I did not go to Woolwich - I delivered him to Forrester - Child's is No. 1, Fleet-street, on this side of Temple Bar.
DANIEL FORRESTER re-examined. The prisoner was delivered into my custody at Guildhall - I went to Woolwich with him because he said he had received this cheque from Jones on Woolwich Common.
Q. In any house or street? A. On the common; he was to meet Jones there that evening, (Thursday) about half-past seven o'clock, or next morning about ten o'clock; I went to the Barrack Tavern with him, into a room which looked on the common; we waited till about half-past five o'clock; I said "Do you think he will come into a lower room, if so we will go down stairs"? and we went down stairs - no Jones appeared - he said he did not know him before; he did not say he had seen him at the tavern - we waited till about half-past five o'clock - something was said about the coach starting; he said, "I do not think it worth while waiting any longer," I said,"Mind, I will stay here if it is until nine o'clock," he said, "No, I do not think it is of any use waiting any longer;" he said nothing about going the next morning; I took this piece of paper from his person, here are some figures on it, he said the person gave it him, and that was how he was to get it cashed; I asked him as to the hand-writing on the back of it, he said he did not know there was any there, if there was, it must be there when given to him.
Q. Did he say anything about the man meeting him on the Common, and giving him the cheque? A. No; he said he had been to the Barrack Tavern on the Tuesday afternoon with Mr. Imms - I asked if Imms saw him with the man? he said, No, he did not think he did, as it was after he came out of the tavern.
Cross-examined. Q. The paper he said was handed to him by Jones when he gave him the cheque, describing how he was to get it changed? A. Yes; I beg to state the prisoner did not ask for any person named Jones in my presence while I was at the tavern - I asked the waiter if he knew such a person as Jones? he said, "No."(The cheque was here put in and read.)


                  GEORGE 
                  IMMS
               



            . I know the prisoner - I am superintendent at Woolwich, and collector to the Gas Light Company - I have frequently seen the prisoner write; I should say the figures in ink on this paper decidedly are not his hand-writing; I am not so positive as to the other- I would not take on myself to swear they were his - I should say no part of it was his - I do not know whose hand-writing it is.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you been on the Common with him on the day he states? A. I was on Woolwich Common with him on Monday, the 26th of August, and we went together to the Barrack Tavern - I occasionally parted from him - I ought to have explained- he was to have dined with me on Sunday, and did not come; he came on Monday - as soon as I finished dinner I said, "Now, Corbett, I must go collecting, will you go on making out accounts, or go with me?" he said, "My mind is in such a state I cannot sit at books, I will walk with you" - he went with me - I went into different houses collecting, and left him outside - he had been disappointed in a situation - I have known him sixteen or eighteen years - I should think his age is about thirty-six.
Q. During the whole time you have known him has he borne an irresproachable character? A. If he had not I would not have employed him - I have treated him as a brother.
COURT. Q. Has he borne a good character? A. I believe he has.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. It was Monday, the 26th of August when you asked him to dinner? A. Yes; he did not tell me he had a cheque about him dated the 28th of August.
MR. WORMALD re-examined. He presented the cheque on Thursday, the 29th of August.
Lieutenant 
               
                  William 
                  Mears
               



            , of Greenwich; 
               
                  Henry 
                  Mitchell
               



            , publican, of Greenwich; and 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Marshall
               



            , overseer of the parish of St. Paul, Deptford, gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY of uttering the forged order, knowing it to be forged
            . - Aged 30. 


               Transported for Life
            .
