





819. 
               
                  EDWARD 
                  STENNINGFORD
               




             was indicted for 


               that he, on the 10th of February
, feloniously, by force, did lead and take away 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Legrove
                        



                     
                  , a child under the age of ten years, to wit, about the age of five years, with intent to steal certain articles upon and about the said child, to wit, 1 jacket, value 5s., and 1 pair of trousers, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Legrove
                        



                     
                  ; against the Statute, &c.
            

SECOND COUNT, stating the child to have been taken by fraud.
ELIZABETH LEGROVE. I am the wife of 
               
                  Charles 
                  Legrove
               



             - we live in Long-alley, Finsbury-circus; my husband is a labouring man
. I have a little boy
 named James - he was five years of age last old Michaelmas-day- he goes to school in an alley not far from Long-alley


, and went there on the 10th of February; he came home about half-past twelve o'clock that day - he took his cap to go to the top of the alley, and I saw no more of him till five o'clock in the evening, when a Police-constable brought him home; I had been in the greatest distress about him - when he went out he had a jacket and trousers on, which were very good ones; when he returned he was without them - he had only his shirt, which was an old one, and his pinafore on; I do not know the prisoner.
Prisoner. The first time this woman ever spoke to me was in Long-alley, when she said her child had been stripped of his jacket and trousers a fortnight before, and she asked me to stop - she sent for a boy to know if I was the man. Witness. Yes, I saw him, and said I thought he was the man.
JAMES ARMSTRONG. I am ten years of age - I know the necessity of speaking the truth; I live with my father, at No. 9, Chapel-court, Finsbury-square - he used to live in Long-alley. I used to play with little Legrove - I saw him on the day he was taken away, in Hill-street, Windmill-street; he had his jacket and trousers on, and the prisoner was leading him - I said to him, "Jemmy, where are you going?" but he made me no answer - the prisoner turned round, and looked very severely in my face; he had a great big coat, of a whiteish colour on, and three capes to it - he had trousers on, with little buttons at the bottom; he was leading the little boy by the hand - they walked away up Windmill-street, and I went to school.


                  MARY 
                  CHERRY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Cherry
               



            . On the 10th of February I was at my own door, No. 102, Saffron-hill; I saw this little boy - a man had hold of his hand, who had a black coat on, very much worn, and the child had an orange in his hand; about twenty-five minutes afterwards I saw the same child in the Policeman's hands; I cannot swear to the man who had the child, but I can to the child - he was crying when I first saw him, and was very well dressed; when I saw him again he had nothing on but his shirt, pinafore, and shoes - I said I knew it was the same child I had seen about two o'clock; my attention was drawn to the child more than to the man.


                  JOHN 
                  HURLEY
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the 10th of February I was on duty on Saffron-hill, and a female told me there was a child at No. 108; I went there, and foundthis child in the front room up stairs, without jacket or trousers on - he had, only a cap, a pair of boots, a shirt, and a pinafore; I took him to the station.


                  FRANCIS 
                  SARSFIELD
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I found where the parents lived, and took the child home - as I was returning I met the mother in Finsbury-square.
JAMES BROWN. I am a Police-officer. I received information, and had been looking for the prisoner - I found him on the 24th of February, in the custody of Mrs. Legrove, in Long-alley: I asked where he lived - he said at Chingford; I asked if he knew any thing about the charge - he said No, that he had been stopped by the woman before, but the little boy could not swear to him (that was the youngest child); I then took him to the back parlour of the public-house adjoining the office, where there were from a dozen to fourteen persons - I sent for little Armstrong, and told him to go and look in the back parlour, and see if he could pick out any person there who took away little Jemmy Legrove; he went into the room, looked all round, fixed his eyes on the prisoner, and said, "This is the man that took little Jemmy up Hill-street," and he said the coat he had on had three marks on it - when I took the prisoner he had this light coloured great coat on, which has three capes to it; and a pair of overalls, buttoned outside down to the legs - I found on him two knives, one of which I have found a witness who can swear to; I have made inquiry, and found the prisoner had taken off this great coat, and left it at a stall, and that he bought an orange at a stall where there were three women sitting.


                  MARY 
                  ANN
               



             WELCH. I lodge in the prosecutor's house, and know the little boy - this is the knife he had been in the habit of using; I had handled it so often that I know it.
Prisoner's Defence. I picked up that knife in Blackfriars-road a week or nine days before I was taken - I never saw the child.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
