





649. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  GREIG
               




             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Green
                     




                  , on the 23rd of March
, and stealing therein 1 gown, value 2s. 6d.; 4 aprons, value 4s.; 1 frock, value 1s.; 2 yards of calico, value 8d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d.; 3 brushes, value 2s.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; 2 caps, value 1s.; 2 collars, value 1s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 1s. 6d.; 1 table-cloth, value 6d.; and 1 handkerchief, value 6d. his goods
            .
WILLIAM GREEN. I live in Chapel-street, Milton-square


, in the parish of St. Giles' Without, Cripplegate


 - I only rent the second-floor front room - the house belongs to Mr. Harwood, a builder, in Bush-lane, Cannon-street - the prisoner lodged in the same house, and an old woman-lodges there - there is only one door to the house - the landlord does not live in it - on the 24th of March I went out at a quarter past three o'clock in the afternoon, and fastened my door; I returned between ten and eleven o'clock, when I found the door had been opened, and a fork stuck outside, and a bit of cotton - I missed these articles - this pair of trowsers, which are mine, were found on the prisoner when he was taken - the prisoner lodged in the next room to me for about a fortnight - he was at home when I went out that day - I told him I was going out, and if any one came, to give an answer.


                  JOHN 
                  HILL
               



            . I am inspector of the watch of Cripplegate Without. I was called that night about half-past ten o'clock- I found the box of the lock of the prosecutor's room broken off - this is part of it - they stated that the prisoner lodged in an adjoining room, and I thought him a very likely person to have done it - I forced his room door open, and found this plate, this piece of soap, this bit of carpet, and some bread and butter - I put a lock on the prisoner's door, and a notice that if any one wanted to go in, they might apply to me - I heard no more of it, but when the prisoner was in custody I gave the landlord possession of the room.


                  DENNIS 
                  HUDE
               



            . I took the prisoner on the 29th of March - he had these trowsers on - he said, "I know what you want me for; I am guilty, quite guilty."
WILLIAM GREEN. These are my trowsers, and these other things are mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in great distress, or I should not have done it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
