






1641. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HUTCHINGS
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BREANT
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Goodband
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH GOODBAND. I am servant
 to Mr. Greenwood, of Russell-square. On the 21st of July, between twelve and one o'clock, I was in St. James'-park


, standing there - as the King was leaving the park I rushed to see him; a person tapped me on the shoulder and asked what I had lost; I felt, and said, "My handkerchief;" he told me to follow him, and he seized the two prisoners - I had not seen them before; this is my handkerchief.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I was in St. James'-park, with Lindley, a little after ten o'clock; I saw the two prisoners very busy about some things which I am not allowed to name here - I watched them till about twelve o'clock; I then saw them close behind the prosecutor - Hutchings took this handkerchief from his pocket; I called to Lindley"They have got it:" they went away - I told Lindley to watch them - I tapped the prosecutor on the shoulder, and said, "You have been robbed;" he said, "Yes, of my handkerchief;" we pursued the prisoners to the Horse Guards, and took them - the mob was very great; we tried to get them to an open place, and while I was searching them, a young man held up the handkerchief, and said he had picked it up.
Hutchings. Q. Did you see me pick the gentleman's pocket? A. Yes; I wished to tell the gentleman of it before I took you.


                  SAMUEL 
                  LINDLEY
               



            . I was with Gook, and watched the prisoners for half an hour; I saw them close behind the prosecutor, but did not see them do any thing - they were quite close to him; they went away, and Gook told the prosecutor of it - I did not see the handkerchief till it was held up.
The prisoners delivered in a written Defence, simply declaring their innocence.
HUTCHINGS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.
BRENT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
