



1518. 




EMMA COUSINS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of May, at 
St. Sepulchre, a 10l. Bank note, the property of 



Hugh Mason, in his dwelling-house.






HUGH MASON
. I keep the Little Bell public-house, St. John-street, in the parish of St. Sepulchre. On Saturday, the 16th of May, about half-past nine o'clock at night, Mrs. M'Kinnin came in with a 10l. note, and asked for change—it was placed on the table—there were two females in the room—the prisoner was one—she was in the bar—she had been at my house about two days before—(I did not know her—she was there on the Thursday before, and said she had come to London on account of a lawsuit for 150l., and my daughter gave her leave to come into the bar, it being a wet evening—this was two days before the transaction)—I gave the note to my daughter, and told her to put it in the drawer—it was on the table—the prisoner said she would put it into the drawer—I cannot say that I saw it in her hand—my daughter and the prisoner were in the bar—when I came back, in a moment, the note was gone—there was nobody in the bar but my daughter and her.

Prisoner. He asked me to put it into the drawer, and I did so—his daughter saw me do it.





HARRIETT MASON
. I am the prosecutor's daughter. I remember M'Kinnin coming in with the 10l. note—my father turned round to give

the change to her—he laid the note on the table, and said to me, "Put the note into the drawer"—the prisoner made up to me, and said, "I am nearest, I will put it in for you"—I saw her open the drawer, and put the note into it, as I thought, and shut the drawer again—we thought no more about it—but in ten minutes she went out to get her box, as she said—my father was outside—he came in, and went to the drawer, and the note was gone—nobody had been to the drawer from the time she pat it in, till my father went to the drawer—the till is in the bar, which is part of the dwelling-house.





ANN COX
. On the 16th of May, about ten o'clock, the prisoner came to me, and asked me to take something to drink. I was standing at my gate—I said I would rather not—she came in doors with me, and said, "I have got a 10l. note, which I have just received from my father, to pay a butcher's bill"—that she had seen him off by the coach to Hertfordshire—she was dressed in a black bonnet—I saw her next morning—she was then dressed in a new Tuscan bonnet and green shawl—I said, "Did you get your note changed?"—she said, "Yes"—I never saw her till the Tuesday before—I do not know how she came to show me the note.





WILLIAM WILLSON
. I am a policeman. I took her in charge—I told her I wanted her, for stealing a 10l. note from the prosecutor—she was some time before she would give me an answer—at last, I asked her what the had done with it—she said she had changed it—I asked where—she told me I must go and find that out.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ask me if it was the note I had stolen from Mason?—did you not say where is the note?—I said, yes; I had a note which I changed, and it was my own? A. I told her I wanted her for stealing a note from Mason, at the Little Bell, St. John-street—she Was some time before she gave me an answer—I asked her again what the had done with it—she said, "I have changed it.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Life.
