





41. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     FOLKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of October
, 124lbs. weight of lead, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Catherine 
                           Fennyhough
                        



                     
                   and 
                     
                        
                           Elizabeth Ann 
                           Fennyhough
                        



                     
                  , and fixed to a certain building
            ; against the Statute, &c.; and that he had been before convicted of felony.


                  THOMAS 
                  CASSIDY
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the 29th of October, about twenty minutes past eleven o'clock at night, I observed two persons on the top of a house in Wharf-road, City-road


; the prisoner was one - he had something in his hand; the other had nothing - the building is not very high; I was two or three yards from the wall - they were not more than nine or ten yards from me- I did not find any thing but lead that the prisoner could have had; I asked what they had there - they made me no answer; but laid it down, and jumped down; I laid hold of the prisoner, and the other got away - I took the prisoner to the station; I then went with another officer, and found this lead where I had seen the prisoner lay something down; I fitted it to the roof - it corresponded in every respect; there are 124lbs. of it.


                  GEORGE 
                  KEMP
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I went and found the lead - it fitted the place exactly.


                  THOMAS 
                  TYRRELL
               



            . I know the wharf No. 35; I had seen the lead safe a day or two before - it matched exactly.


                  HENRY 
                  SIMPSON MAND
               



            . I know the building; I believe it belongs to 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Ann Fennyhough
               



             and 
               
                  Catherine 
                  Fennyhough
               



             - I receive the rent for them.


                  HENRY 
                  DAVIES
               



            . I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got at Mr. Clarke's office -(read) - I was a witness on the trial; the prisoner is the person.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been out with some songs, and came across the fields home; some men jumped off the tiles, and the Policeman took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
