





1512. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     NEWCOMB
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June
, 6 sheets, value 2l.; 3 table-cloths, value 2l.; 3 shirts, value 1l.; 7 neckerchiefs, value 1l.; 3 sets of bed-furniture, value 15s., and 12 yards of calico, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Richard 
                  Parkin
               




            .
MARGARET HALL. I am servant to Richard Parkin, a grocer
, of Bedford-street, Covent-garden


; Mrs. Cousins, of Kensington, washes for the family - the linen is sent and returned by Bosher, the carrier. On Monday, the 6th of June, about five o'clock in the evening, the prisoner, who was a stranger, came to my house - I was called to him, and he asked if the linen-box was ready to go to Kensington; I said it was, and thinking he came from Cousin's, I delivered him a box, containing the articles stated in the indictment - I have not seen any of them since; he was apprehended that day week - I am quite certain he is the man.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I suppose he was a very short time with you? A.He was more than a minute; he corded the box up - I noticed his dress and his features, being a stranger I noticed him more; I have not a doubt of him.


                  HANNAH 
                  COUSINS
               



            . I wash for Mr. Parkin. I did not receive the linen on the 6th of June - Monday is the usual time for it to come; I never saw the prisoner, nor authorised him or any person to go for the box.


                  JAMES 
                  BOSHER
               



            . I am a carrier. I know the prisoner by sight; his friends live close to me - I never authorised him to go for the box, and never received it.
THOMAS MADDEN. I am a Police-constable. I apprehended the prisoner on the 13th - the property has not been found.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
