





73. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of October
, 1 watch, value 25s.; 1 seal, value 5s.; 1 watch-key, value 6d., and 1 ribbon, value 1d., the goods of 
                     
                        William 
                        Burton
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  BURTON
               



            . I am a silk-dyer
. On the 24th of October I was on Holborn-hill


, nearly opposite St. Andrew's church, about seven o'clock in the evening; the prisoner met me, and snatched my watch out of my fob - we were so close together, that I was about to collar him, but he turned round, gave me a blow in the mouth, tripped me up, and ran off - he was pursued, and taken in a few minutes; I am quite sure he is the man - I saw him at the watch-house in five minutes.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAWKES
               



            . I am an umbrella-maker. I was on the opposite side of the way - I saw the scuffle, saw the prisoner strike Mr. Burton in the face, and throw him down; as he fell he said, "Oh, dear, Stop thief!" I pursued the prisoner, who ran down George-court - he got to the bottom, and turned to the left; when I got to the bottom the Policeman had him by the collar - I said, "That is the man - he has knocked a gentleman down, and taken his watch;" I assisted in taking him back - I saw the Policeman take the watch from the prisoner's hand.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEEHY
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I was coming along Union-court, and heard the cry of Stop thief! the prisoner passed me, and went down George-alley - I followed, and took him: he was running very fast - I caught him in Black Boy-alley; as I was bringing him back he stooped down, and was putting this watch under his feet; I took it from him.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I am sorry for it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
