





1097. 
               
                  MARY 
                  TANSLEY
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of May
, 7 bottles, value 1s., and 6 quarts of wine, value 24s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Hawes
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAWES
               



            . I am a music composer
, and live at Royal Terrace, Adelphi


 - the prisoner was in my service; in consequence of information I went to Mr. Thomas- he came to my house, and he found some wine.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SADLER THOMAS
               



            . I am superintendent of the Police. I went to the prosecutor's house last Monday evening; I saw the prisoner - I searched a box which she said was hers, of which she produced the key and unlocked it- I found two bottles of wine in it; the bottles were corked - I asked the prisoner if that was Mr. Hawes' wine; she said, "I will tell you the truth, yes it is" - she said she was not the only person to blame, there was another to blame as much as herself, and if I would look in Eugenia's box I should find more there; she said the wine came from Mr. Hawes' wine-cellar - I sent for Eugenia, and the prisoner said, "This gentleman is an officer; he is come to search all our boxes, and it is no use to disguise the truth - you have got wine as well as me;" Eugenia was in a terrible agitation, and said, "Yes, I have got Mr. Hawes' wine - why did you make me put it into my box?" she then took out her keys, opened her box, and I found five bottles of wine, and part of a sixth; this is the wine - the seal is cut off the cork of one of the bottles, found in the prisoner's box.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. You do not know who cut that off? A. No; there were five bottles and a half in Eugenia's box, and two in the prisoner's.


                  EUGENIA 
                  COLVILLE
               



            . The officer came to my master's house; he found some wine in my box, which the prisoner had put there on the Sunday morning.
COURT. Q. Did you know where it came from? A. No, I did not then; I asked where it came from - she said,"Never mind; we will drink it - it is nothing to you where it comes from."
Cross-examined. Q. When did you first see it? A.Between half-past six and seven o'clock in the morning - my master was not up then; I had been once or twice to the wine cellar with my mistress - my mistress took out the wine, but once or twice she gave me a bottle to take up to the parlour; I looked at the corks once, because Miss Emma gave me one to draw - I have been thirteen or fourteen months in the prosecutor's service, and the prisoner has been about one month, as cook; I did not have wine with the last cook; I did not see the name on the cork of the bottle which Miss Emma gave me to draw - I cannot read; I thought the wine the prisoner brought to my box was Mr. Hawes', because it looked very dusty, and the same as his did - I told Miss Perkins to take care of the keys, because I suspected they were taken down stairs, as I saw the prisoner touch the sideboard key; I did not mention about the wine till the prisoner told the officer - the prisoner said it was not Mr. Hawes' wine; I had not been in the habit of drinking wine with the former cook - the prisoner and I had some of this after we had done work on Sunday; she drank two cups and I drank one - that was in my bedroom; she then told me to keep it in my box; I did not tell any body till the Monday - I did not get the wine; I never saw the prisoner's sister till Sunday night, in thekitchen - I did not talk to her; I did not give her any wine - I never gave any wine to any body; the prisoner told me that every servant did so - I did not mention this, because I once told of a servant who was thieving in the house, and was treated very ill for that; it was because she picked out the mark of a pocket handkerchief and a pair of stockings, and I was ill-treated by the last cook and house-maid - it was Betsey, my fellow house-maid that I told of; the present cook and house-maid have been there for the last three months, and I have not been so ill-used; the prisoner was not in the house at that time- I never offered the prisoner's sister a bottle of wine.
MR. HAWES. It was in consequence of information that I went for the officer; I have port wine in bottles of this description, and sealed as this is - I have a great deal of wine, and often do not dine at home; I do not see my wine-cellar three times in a year.
Prisoner's Defence. On the book, before a million of people, Eugenia is the person who did it; I had not been in the house five days before she told me of it - she is wicked to the heart; she went into her mistress' bed-room, opened the drawer, and took the key out - that is the guilty person, and if the other cook was here she would say so.
MR. HAWES. The prisoner had been three weeks and four days in my service; my wine-cellar is at the bottom of my house, adjoining a small coal-cellar, and that adjoins the footman's bed-room - the kitchen is at the back of the house, and the wine-cellar towards the front; I have no fault to find with Eugenia's character; I shall retain her in my service - I have four regular servants.



               GUILTY of stealing the two bottles
            . Aged 35.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
