





939. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     McDERMOTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of September
, 2 pairs of trousers, value 7s.; 1 coat, value 5s.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; 1 hat, value 3s.; 2 waistcoats, value 2s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 1s.; 1 shawl, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        Michael 
                        Collins
                     



                  ; and I pair of trousers, value 4s.; 2 shirts, value 4s.; 1 gown, value 5s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; and 1 towel, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Tattersal
                  




               
            .


                  MICHAEL 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am a labourer. On the 29th of September I saw the prisoner at the Castle, in the Broadway


; he came and sat down close against me; my clothes were then in my box up stairs, as I lodged at that house - all the articles stated were in my box except my hat, and that was gone likewise, and an old hat left in its place which I knew was the prisoner's; the prisoner was gone when I missed them, and I have seen none of them since -Tattersal's things were in my box in my care.
Prisoner. Q. What intercourse with me had you, that you knew the hat was mine? A. Because you wore it on the watch with me, and you had it on that morning - I took particular notice of it; I could swear to it from all the hats I ever saw in my life - it was at nine o'clock when you were first in company with me that morning; afterwards two other men came in, and Johnson and they went to get their breakfasts, I believe.


                  JOHN 
                  WOODS
               



            . On the 29th of September I was standing on the Broadway pavement, and saw the prisoner going from towards the house where Collins lodged to his own lodging, it was about half-past eleven o'clock; he had a very large bundle with him tied up in a red shawl, which I have seen Collins wear round his neck; I saw about his trousers a parcel, which appeared about the size of a man's arm, and part of a gown tail hung over his boot - he saw it as he knocked at the door, and tucked it in.
Prisoner. Q. Was not that the time you ought to have stopped such a man? Witness. I ought to have done it, and you are the man.
Prisoner. He is a man who ought not to be allowed to give evidence; he would come home at all hours of the night, and has a wife and child he is bringing up in a bad manner.


                  PHILIP 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I had a warrant against the prisoner on the 7th of April on another charge; on his examination at Bow-street I heard of this - I went to the Castle, and found Collins had removed; on Good Friday I went to his lodgings, where he gave me a list of what he had lost, and this letter which the prisoner had sent him - (read.)
Friend Collins. I met to-day Johnson, and he told me that I have done something wrong in your place, which if I have I am not conscious of so doing; however, he advised me to come to you, as he was going out of town for a few days, but you may depend on it you shall be satisfied, if I have done any mischief, before three o'clock on Monday next, and I have requested of Johnson to call on you when he comes to town, hoping this will satisfy you till then; I am living here in Camberwell with a pensioner of my own regiment, as I expect to receive prizemoney every day, and should I be so fortunate as to get it before Monday you shall hear from me, as I gave Johnson up my prizeticket this morning when I met him in St. Martin's-lane - he desired me to tell you of it, and to write this letter to you; I hope you will make yourself easy till you see him or me, between this and Monday. No more at present. 
               
                  JAMES 
                  McDERMOTT
               



            .
I hope you do not mean to hurt me till you see me.
Prisoner's Defence. I was drinking with Collins on account of the watch being broken up at the time; three or four more were in company with us; some time in the day he got tipsy, and left the company - I went to my own quarters in Westminster, and next day I went down to Chatham to draw some prize-money; in going I met Johnson, who told me Collins had been robbed, and had a suspicion I had done it; I wrote the letter, and stated as you have heard.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
