



1867. 




JOHN ORCHARD
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging, on the 
4th of August, a Bill of Exchange for payment of 16l. 14s. 6d., with intent to defraud 



Alexander Semple—2nd COUNT, for offering and uttering the same, well knowing it to be forged, with a like iutent—3rd and 4th COUNT for forging and uttering an accedptance therof, that is to say, "Accepted, W. Laurence," with a like intent.






ALEXANDER SEMPLE
. I am a timber-merchant, and live in Newman-street, Oxford-Street—I have known the prisoner about three months—I have had money transactions with him—he represented himself as a fruit-salesman—about the 4th of August, he brougth me a bill for 16l. 14s. 6d., drawn on Mr. Laurence—(I had discounted one before for him)—I asked him who Mr. Laurence was—he said he was a pastry-cook, in Oxford-street, and he sold fruit to him; and afterrwards brought a second bill from the same person, I said he was carrying on a strong trade with Mr. Laurence to have another bill on him so soon, and I must make inquiry about it, if he would call to-morrow morning—he left the bill with me I did not discount it—I took it to Mr. Laurence and showed it to him, and sent for Webster, the officer, to be ready when he was to come for the money—he said he had done a deal of business for Laurence, and he owed him a good deal of money—when he came next morning I had Webster there, and when I introduced him to him, I told Webster, in his presence, he had brought me that bill, which was a forgery; and I showed him the other bill, which ws for 18l.—Webster told him he was in his custody.





PHILIP WEBSTER
. I am an officer. I was sent for, and went into Mr. Semple's counting-house—he brought the prisoner in—then opened his pocket-book, and produced the two bills—he said, "Are these bills Mr. Laurence's own writing"—he said, "Yes, they are, both of them"—Semple said, "I have seen Mr. Laurence, and he denies any knowledge of the bills, or their being his hand writing; that being the case, they must be forged; will you go with me, and see Mr. Laurence?"—he said, "I will"—I

then said, "I am an officer, and you will consider youself in custody"—he said he was aware I was an officer—I took him to Laurence, who was not at home and I took him to the office.





ALEXANDER SEMPLE

cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Are you a bill-broker? A. I discount a good many bills—I do not call myself a bll-broker—I do not discount to a large amount.

Q. What discount did you get from this young man? A. I do not know that it has any thing to do with the proof of the forgery—as near as I can recollect, I think I took a couple of pounds of him—the bill was for 18l. 5s., at three months after date (bill read.)





WILLIAM CRAIG LAURENCE
. I am a confectioner, and live at No. 158, Oxford-street. I have known the prisoner from a child—he has received 5l., 10l., and 20l. in money from me, as the agent of his father—the acceptance to this bill is not my writing—I know nothing about it—it is not drawn nor accepted by my order, nor consent.

Cross-examined. Q. The bill is not in the name of William of Craig? A. No; I cannot say how many Mr. Laurences there are in Oxford-street—I know no other confectioner of that name, there may be—there are about five-hundred houses in Oxford-street—I have known the prisoner all his life as a respectable man.





ALEXANDER SEMPLE

re-examined. He said it was accepted by Mr. Laurence, a confectioner in Oxford-street—I know no other confectiones of that name.
(Charles Nevitt, gardener, of Turnbam-green; John George, cheesemonger, Chandos-strret; Ann Lizard, Ivy-lane; and William Pullen, salesman, Covent-garden, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for life.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury on account of his character, and the Prosecutor's taking so large a discount.

