





702. 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     NEWMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of February
, 2 pieces of carpeting, value 5s.; 5 yards of linen cloth, value 2s., and 1 sheet, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William John 
                           Richardson
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .
ALBINIA RICHARDSON. I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  John Richardson
               



            ; we live at Upper Clapton


; I keep a boarding-school
. The prisoner lived as cook
 with me for seven weeks; I missed some articles on the 11th of February, and on the 12th of February I went to the house of 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Newman
               



            , her sister-in-law, at Battersea, who had been at my house the whole of the afternoon before, but I did not see her, as I was ill - I found these articles there; she said her sister-in-law gave them to her - I had some trouble in getting sight of them; I said I would not leave the house till I got them.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. She said she had got them from her sister-in-law? A. Yes; I had not told her that her sister-in-law had acknowledged to giving them to her - she had the opportunity of taking them herself; I did not say, that if she gave them up I would not prosecute - I owed the prisoner seven weeks wages, at 10l. a-year.
COURT. Q. Did you not tell 
               
                  Eliza 
                  Newman
               



             that the prisoner had been robbing you, and you had come for the things she brought from your house last night? A. Yes.
ELIZA NEWMAN. I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Newman
               



            ; we live at Battersea. I called on the prisoner, who is my sister-in-law, at Mrs. Richardson's; I think it was on the 12th of February; Mrs. Richardson came to my house, and found these articles - my sister gave me a bundle; I did not open it- I do not know whether these are the articles; I did not see what was in it - a man brought it to my house; I had not seen any articles at Mr. Richardson's - the bundle was given to me, but I do not know what was in it; I did not receive any thing in the prosecutor's house, but in the street, when the prisoner came out with me.
COURT. Q. Now, let me caution you; you will certainly be sent to Newgate if you do not give a true account? A. When the prisoner came out she gave me some things in a bundle, and a man took them home - I had not taken the man with me; he was a stranger to me - I went to the prosecutor's house about two o'clock, and came away about five - I did not see what was in the bundle; I walked part of the way with the man, and then rode home - the man carried the articles upon his shoulder, I suppose - I paid him for carrying them - when Mrs. Richardson came to my house she found the things up stairs in my bed-room- I had not opened them; she had no trouble in going up stairs - she said if the things were given up without a search-warrant, she would not interfere any more in it; she said she supposed I knew the business she came on; I said No, I did not - she said Elizabeth had been robbing her, and she had come for the things which were brought from her house last night; I said, I had not brought any thing - she did not claim a piece of carpet which was on the floor - I said I had nothing but that old piece of carpet, which Elizabeth had given me some time before, but I do not know when - I do not know whether there was a child's toy, called a Noah's Ark, at my house; I do not know whether the prosecutrix asked me for a piece of coarse cloth - I do not remember that I denied having it; I do not know whether she found it at my house, as the things were all in a bundle - she followed me up stairs, and the things were on the floor.
MRS. RICHARDSON. I knew her sister lived at Batterses, and for that reason I went there: the prisoner had been staying with her before she came to me - my French teacher came to me for my cook to have two hours' absence on the day her sister came to my house; when I went to the prisoner's sister's, I left word for the prisoner not to leave my house till I returned, but she ran away five minutes after I was gone; she came the next day to demand her wages - this old piece of carpet was on her sister's floor at Battersea; these other pieces, which were in the bundle, are pieces of my drawing-room carpet - I know this cloth by a cut which I made in it; I compared it with what remains, and it makes up the exact quantity I had.
Cross-examined. Q. You have heard Eliza Newman examined - is it true that you had considerable trouble before you saw the things? A. Yes, she said she had nothing of mine, and I had no right to come without a search-warrant - I said I thought she would like me better to come alone; the things were not tied up - I could see what they were.
WILLIAM ARKELL (Police-constable N 68.) I took the prisoner the next day - I went in at the back of thehouse, and found her sitting in the passage in a chair, and this property by her side.
MRS. RICHARDSON. These are my property; they had been kept in the servants' bed-room, at the back of the kitchen.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
