





423. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     KIMBER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of December
, 1 sovereign, 3 half-crowns, 14 shillings, and 7 sixpences, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Powell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am a shop-keeper
. I had this money loose in my pocket on the 26th of December, and was going with a truck for something; I met the prisoner in Church-street, Spitalfields, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, and he pretended to lend me a hand - I did not want his assistance, but he proffered it; when we got to Booth-street


, he stooped down, lifted up my hand, turned my pocket inside out, and took the money - I left the truck, and followed him; he was stopped immediately with my money.
Prisoner. He first accused me of stealing 20s. in silver; the officer sent for his wife, and she said he had two sovereigns; he was quite tipsy - I saved the money to buy a donkey-cart. Witness. When he was taken, they asked how much I had - I said I could not say exactly, but I know I had changed a sovereign about an hour previous; the Magistrate sent for my wife, who said I had had two sovereigns - I was not tipsy.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MALIN
               



            . I am a whip-thong maker. I saw the prisoner running very fast up the street; a man stopped him - we took him towards a public-house, and met the prosecutor: I took from the prisoner's pockets, a sovereign and 1l. 4s. 6d. - he said he had 22s. or 23s. in his pocket.


                  JOHN 
                  HOLSWORTH
               



            . I was at the Rose and Crownwhen the prisoner was brought in; they had taken the money from him - he said he had 24s. of his own, but no sovereigns; he would not be taken without an officer - I had been appointed to the new Police, and I took him.


                  ZACHARIAH 
                  LONG
               



            . I received the prisoner in charge; I asked what he had in his pocket - he said 22s. or 23s.


                  JANE 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am the prosecutor's wife. He went out about half-past four o'clock, quite sober; he had two sovereigns from me, and had some silver in his pockets - he changed one sovereign, and had the other with him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
