





1436. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     FIELDER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Lewis Celeste 
                           Lecesne
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  LEWIS 
                  CELESTE LECESNE
               



            . I am a merchant
, and live in Fenchurch-buildings, Fenchurch-street. On the 26th of June, about a quarter or half-past ten o'clock in the morning, I had just left my counting-house, and missed my handkerchief in Fenchurch-street


 - upon being informed it was gone, I turned suddenly round - I saw the prisoner running; he run up Fen-court - I followed, and it being no thoroughfare, he returned; I took hold of him, and searched him, but did not find it on him - it was pointed out by a young man; it was produced from an area; I knew it - I did not lose sight of the prisoner - I had left the house with the handkerchief in my pocket about ten minutes before.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you observe many persons about the street? A. There were many about their business; the handkerchief was found in an area - I was quite satisfied it was mine, but if mixed with others of the same pattern I should not be able to identify it.


                  JAMES 
                  PETER HILLERY
               



            . I live in Mark-lane. I saw the prisoner put his hand into the prosecutor'spocket, take a handkerchief out, and put it into his coat; I informed Mr. Lecesne, and followed him up the court; we stopped him as he returned - the handkerchief was taken out of an area in the court after he was stopped.
Cross-examined. Q. Can you swear it was the same handkerchief? A. No; I saw nobody in the court till after the robbery - I am confident I am not mistaken in the prisoner's person; fifty or sixty people came up before he was taken away.


                  EDWARD 
                  HAMILTON
               



            . I live with my father, at No. 126, Fenchurch-street - he is a cabinet-maker. I saw the prisoner cross the street, and run up Fen-court; I pursued, and saw him drop the handkerchief down the grating; I saw a woman in the house put her hand through the window, and take it up - it was shown to the prosecutor, who claimed it; the prisoner at first said it was not him, but afterwards begged Mr. Lecesne to forgive him.


                  JAMES 
                  BEMAN
               



            . I am a Policeman. Mr. Lecense delivered the handkerchief to me.
Prisoner's Defence. I went up the court for a necessary purpose; two young men went up before me - the young man at first said he saw the handkerchief thrown into a door, and when they could not find it somebody brought it from the area; he then said he saw me throw it down there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 15. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
