



200. 




FREDERICK PEARCE
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of October, 1 clock, value 2l., the goods of 




William Robert Webber.






WILLIAM ROBERT WEBBER
. I am landlord of the Lamb public-house, in Turnstile. On Saturday afternoon, the 27th of October, between four and five o'clock, the prisoner and another person came to my parlour—I left them there alone—atthe expiration of ten minutes I went up, and they were gone, also the clock and case, which had been safe when I left them.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you sure there were any works in the case? A. Yes—I had seen it open the day previous—the dock went—I am the sole proprietor of the house—the prisoner and his friend were not dining, only taking a glass of grog—my house is well frequented—they and three more were all who were there that afternoon.





ARTHUR CAMPION
. I was at the public-house that day—the prisoner and some other young man were there—I remained till a quarter to five o'clock—I left the prisoner, and the young roan, and the landlord, only in the room—the clock was safe then—I returned in about twenty minutes—the clock was then gone.

Cross-examined. Q. How long were you there? A. From ten minutes past four to a quarter to five o'clock—one gentleman came in, and left the room before I did—Mr. Webber must make a mistake when he said there were three persons-what I speak is correct—I am sure there was but one more person came in.

MR. WEBBER
re-examined. Q. Did you mean three? A. The prisoner and his companion, and two more—there were one or two, and then there came in two, I think—they went out and left the prisoner and his companion there.

Cross-examined. Q. What time did Mr. Campion, come in? A. I cannot say to five minutes—I will say about four o'clock—there were two or three persons—I cannot say which—I will swear there were not four—I remember Campion going out, and no one came in after he went away.
(Alexander M'Intire, a messenger;—Dearman, of Harley-street, a hackneyman; and Francis Lownds; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
