





1886. 




ANN COCKING,



 JOHN COCKING
, and 




BENJAMIN BUGGEY
, were indicted for

 a robbery on 



Charles Pearson, on the 
19th of August, putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, 1 hat, value 9s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; 2 half-crowns and 7d.; his goods and monies; and immediately before and at the time of the said robbery striking and beating him.


MR. PAYNE
conducted the Prosecution.





CHARLES PEARSON
. I live at the Wellington, in Uxbridge. On Sunday the 19th of June, I was in the George Inn-yard, about nine o'clock in the evening, with the female prisoner—I had met her in High-street-sbeenticed me into the field—we were on the ground—I had not been there two minutes before the two male prisoners, Cocking and Buggey, came there, and the man Cocking caught hold of me—I jumped up and was knocked down again directly, and Cocking, the man, struck me several times-Buggey assisted him, and struck at me several times, but did not hit me—I warded his blows off—my hat was carried away—I cannot say who by, but it was found on Buggey-also a pair of gloves, five shillings and seven-pence-at the time I was in the George yard I saw no persons but the three prisoners—I did not see the police-sergeant till

after it happened—the three prisoners ran away directly—the woman ran away first, and after the men had stopped behind and struck me, they went away also—I cannot say which took my money—I only missed it—I cannot say whether any hand was thrust into my pocket—I received a blow on my face, the swelling has not gone down yet—I went immediately to Uxbridge, and stated the case to Sergeant Cooper, I went with him and met both the male prisoners, and Buggey had my hat on his head—I described the marks on it before the policeman took it off—he took Buggey in custody—I took Cocking, and they were taken to the station-house—the hat was produced to me—this is the hat—(looking at it)—the gloves have been found by the police-sergeant—these are them.

Buggey. Q. Did not we not walk across the meadows with you? A. I never saw either of them till they were on me-when you took my hat away, I said I wish you would produce my hat-you did not take up a walking stick and give it to me.





DAVID COOPER
. I am sergeant of the police at Uxbridge. On the night of the 19th of August, I saw the prosecutor about half-past nine o'clock, and in consequence of information, I accompanied him down the street, and met both the male prisoners coming up the street—I and the prosecutor were passing under a lamp, I believe they saw us coming, and Buggey immediately crossed over the road at a quick pace—I told the prosecutor to lay hold of Cocking—I crossed and took Buggey, and took him to the station-house—the prosecutor said, "That man had a cap on when he assaulted me, and he has now a hat-if it is mine it has 'Artis, Bond-street', in it"—I took it off and there was the name in it, and he identified it—I took the prisoners to the station-house—I afterwards saw the female going down Uxbridge in company with another prostitute, with a shawl over her head—I could hardly see her face, but knew her before—I lilted the shawl on one side, and took her—I had not seen the woman with the prisoners that evening—I asked Ann Cocking where her bonnet was—the said she had left it at the Jolly Ostlers.

JURY. Q. Was the prosecutor sober? A. Yes, I had no reason to believe that he had been drinking—he appeared irritated—he described the men in such a precise manner I could not suppose he was drunk.





WILLIAM SERVANT
. I am a policeman of Uxbridge. In consequence of information I went to the Jolly Ostlers' public-house and obtained a bonnet, in that I found a pair of gloves, which I produce—the prosecutor described them before I found them—I took the bonnet to Ann Cocking, and she said it was hers.





CHARLES PEARSON
. This hat and these gloves are mine.

Ann Cocking's Defence. I first met the prosecutor by the Three Hounds—he passed me four or five times in the street and kept offering me money—I would not take it—at last by the George Yard he asked me merely to walk with him through the church-yard, and who should I see in the yard but my husband and the other prisoner, sitting down drinking out side the public-house-when I got to the meadows, the prosecutor got behind me and told me to walk on slowly—I walked very gently—he came up behind me, took hold of my clothes and flung them over my head, and "threw me on the ground—I hallooed three times, and he put hit hand over my mouth, and my husband came up to assist me—I took his gloves up as got up.

John Cocking's Defence. The other prisoner and I were having a drop

of beer, my wife and the prosecutor passed us, and presently I heard her halloo out—I ran and laid hold of his coat and said, "Hallo, what are you doing to her?"—he got up and I struck him twice, but never touched his money or any thing.

Buggey's Defence. I had the hat given to me by two other chaps in the town—the prosecutor said he would give us half-a-crown to find his hat, and we looked after it, but could not find it—he went another way, and just as we got into the town the hat was given to me.
(Thomas West, a sawyer of Uxbridge, and Stephen West, deposed to Buggey's good character.)

ANN COCKING—


GUILTY
. Aged 20.

JOHN COCKING*—


GUILTY
. Aged 34.

BUGGEY—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.





Transported for Ten Years.
