





147. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     HARRIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of November
, 1 brass castor, value 4s., and 1 yard of ticking, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Philip 
                           Watkins
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .
PHILIP WATKINS. I am a cabinet-maker
, and live in Crown-street, Soho


 - the prisoner was in my employ as a French-polisher
. On the 2nd of November he came to work, but I had left orders, if he came, not to put him on till I was sent for; I had a great number of brass castors in a tray in my shop - he was detained, and I was sent for; when he went into the street, I went after him, and asked what he had got of mine - he had one castor on him, and he told the officer where he had put the other.
Prisoner. He took me back to the shop, took it off a table, and then said he had taken it from my pocket. Witness. No, you had one on you in the street - I took hold of it - you would not let it go, but kept pushing me back, and then threw it into a tray in front of the shop; you showed the officer where the other was in the shop; this piece of ticking is mine - it was found in his hat.


                  HENRY 
                  THOMAS
               



            . I know this piece of ticking - I cut it off two pillows.


                  EDMUND 
                  REA
               



             (Police-constable F 37). The prisoner was given into my custody - he made very great resistance, and begged from the house of the prosecutor to the watch-house, to be forgiven, for if it was made known, it would ruin his character for life; I found this piece of ticking in his hat, and the other castor was secreted in the shop, behind some other goods.


                  DANIEL 
                  DUTCH
               



            . I am an officer of Marylebone. I have a certificate of the conviction of the prisoner, which I got at Mr. Clark's office; I was present at his trial, and know he is the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
