





1546. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     BURTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of May
, 1 shirt, value 2s., 1 half-crown, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Edward 
                           Williams
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 coat, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Errington
                  



               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I work at Mr. Starling's, at Islington


, and lodge at my grand-mother's. The prisoner lodged in the same room; I do not know what he is - I left my shirt and money in the room, at half-past nine o'clock at night on the 7th of May; when I awoke the next morning I missed my shirt; and the money was taken from my fob, which had been cut off.


                  JOHN 
                  ERRINGTON
               



            . I slept in the same room; I left my coat in the room when I went to bed at night, about half-past ten or eleven o'clock; when I got up in the morning it was missed - I did not see the prisoner, and have not found the coat.


                  GEORGE 
                  COLLIER
               



             (Police-constable N 94) I took the prisoner from Williams' information; I asked what he had done with the shirt - he said it was no use telling a lie, he had not got the shirt, the pocket he had cut off with an old knife, that there were not 3s., but only half a crown in it; he said he thought, he heard some one on the stairs, and he dropped the shirt - that he left the house about three o'clock in the morning, and he knew nothing about any coat.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
