





87. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     SHIELDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of November
, 2 shawls, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Jones
               




            .


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. William Jones, a pawnbroker
, in Tothill-street, Westminster


. On the morning of the 17th of November I was in the shop, and saw the prisoner take a bundle of shawls from the further end of the shop - he placed them under his coat, and ran off; I followed - he ran too fast for me; I called Stop thief! and he threw them down - he was stopped near Westminster Session-house; I took up the shawls - they were my master's
Prisoner. Q. Did I take them? A. I saw you put them under your coat - I did not see you take them down from the nail; You threw them down about twenty yards from our shop, in Dartmouth-street.


                  THOMAS 
                  CREA
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I took the prisoner near Westminster Session-house, about half-past nine o'clock in the morning; he was about sixty perches from Dartmonth-street - I saw him run out of Wilson-street; the witness and some labouring men were following him - I ran; when he saw me he stood still - the witness came up in less than a minute, with the shawls in his arms, and said he was the man who came into the shop; the prisoner denied it, but on the way to the watch-house he said, all that could be done was to transport him.
Prisoner. You never saw me run? Witness. Yes, you did, till you saw me within three or four yards of you, and then you stood still.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going towards the Session-house, and saw a good many people; I stood twenty minutes before the Policeman came up - Williams then came up, and said, "That is the man;" I was standing looking at the people, and asked what it was - I wish to ask Williams if he saw my face when I took them.


                  GEORGE 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . Yes, I did; I know it was him - I only lost sight of him as he turned the corner, but I had seen him several times before, when he has come in and asked the price of things; we had lost several things in the course of that week.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
