




1903. 




MARY ROSS
 and 




ANN LEECH
 were again indicted for

 stealing, on the 
23rd of July, 1 bag, value 1s.; 9 pair of trowsers, valne 11s.; 10 round frocks, value 11s.; 1 pair of shocs, value 1s.6d.; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d.; 1 jacket, value 1s.; 1 waistcoat, value 1s. 6d.; 118 sbells, value 12s.; 1 needle-case, value 6d.; 1 smelling-bottle, value 6d.; and 12 quaills, value 6d.; the goods of 



Edward Benny.






EDWARD BENNY
. On the 23rd of July, I was just getting out of one of Mr. Barke's vans at Woolwich, and I saw the two prisoners standing at the Ship Tavern—they asked me to give therm somthing to drink, and we had some gin—we them went out together, and fell in with the marine—I had this bag with me, containing the articles stated—Ann Lcech carried my bag first, and the marine took it of her—we went to the White Lion, and had two half-pints of run and shrub, and Mr. Banister said, "Let this young man stop here, or let him leave his bag"—the marine said, "No, he is a shipmate of mine, he shall go with me"—he went out with the bag, and I followed him, and the prisoners followed me—Ross went on one side—Leech stepped up to me and said she wanted some money for supper—she then put her hand into my pocket, took out my money and started away—she took the bag off the marine's shoulder and ran away with it—they all ran away—Ross was not above twenty yeads from Leech—Ross did not do any think towards taking the bag—I ran after them, up Mr. Comber's-alley—I staid in the church-yard till four o'clock in the morining—I found this shawl in my pocket, which Leech thrust into it—I went the next mprning to the house where Leech was—I there found the bag—it had been cut open with a sharp knife, or something—the clothes were out and the shells also—she said she knew the person who had the aheels, that it was Mary Ross—we went and found them there.

Cross-examined by
MR. DUNBAR. Q. Had you any supper that night? A. No; none at all—I did not see any beer—I was sober—when the marine said I was his shipmate I did not contradict it—I was not drunks—I did not say that I had engaged him to carry my bag to where I had agreed to stop that night—I should have given the prisoners into custody, if I could have caught them—Ross was walking along when Leech was talking to me—we met the marine just by the old chapel—I told Hurley of my loss in the morning, and I said there was a marine, but I could not swear to him—I saw a marine the next morning at Ross's—I could not say it was the same—I went before the Magistrate the same day—I had done duty with marines—I did not go to the depôt, or to the barraeks to have him given up—the marine was present when the shells were given up.

COURT. Q. How came you not to state, that the marine carried your bag? A. I told Harley of it. I did not state that I had but 3s. 6d. in my pocket—I did not say at Banister's, "That man is no shipmate of

mine;" or, tell him to leave my bag alone—I followed him, and the prisoner followed me.





PATRICK HURLEY
. I went to see Leech's house the following morning—I knocked at the door—she looked out of window, and asked what I wanted—I asked if she was in company with a sailor and another young woman over night—I asked, was she in company with her brother—she said she had no knowledge of a soilor, but was in company with another young woman; the soiler then stepped up—I said "Is that one of the party who robbed you of your money and property?"—he said, "That is the woman that robbed me"—she turned pale and said, "Sailor, I went a word with you"—she came down, and called the sailor in—I went; she said I was not wanted—I opened the door and went in—the sailor was busy gathering up his cloths, and putting them into the bag—I discovered the rope was cut—I asked the sailor if all was there—he said no, a basket of shells was missing—I asked her if she knew any thing about the sailor's money and shells—she said she knew nothing about the moneys but knew the person who had got the shells, meaning Mary Ross—we went to Ross's house, knocked at the door, and went in—it was about ten o'clock in the morning—I found the basket of shells now produced, on a chair in one corner of the room—Beeny said there were some missing—I asked her if she knew any thing about the shells—she said knew nothing at all about them—she then made up her mind, and went up stairs, and called me up, and brought me a few shells in a piece of cloth, to the number of about a dozen—I brought them to the sailor, and they were all put into the basket—I discovered there was a marine in bed at the time—I never heard the sailor say any thing about any marine, till he went before the Magistrate, and he mentioned it there.

Cross-examined. Q. Would you know this man again? A. If I should see him; we went to the Magistrate the same day—I was present when he stated that the marine was in company with him—she denied it at first—she desired that the constable might search the house.





PETER INCH
. On the night of the 23rd of July, I saw the prisoner Leech, with a bundle, in Powis-street—it was something similar to this one in size and apperance—it did not appear heavy—I have heard since I have been here, that the marine who was in Ross's house, has been drunk almost ever since she has been in prison—the marine was supposed to have the sovereigns.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you get that inormation? A. Since I have been up here—I heard it on Thursday.

Ross. All I saw the shells that he gave me in my own house.

COURT
to
EDWARD BENNY. Q. Upon your solemn oath, did you go into her house at all? A. No—I did not give her my shells, nor allow her to take any.

Ross. Q. Did you not say you would give me a crape shawl, and a coral necklace, and some shells? A. No; I did not.

COURT. Q. Did you enter the loading of either of these women? A. No; I did not.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you make an alarm? A. No; I ran after them—I did not see any one about till I saw Mr. Inch.

COURT
to Prisoner
INCH. Q. At what time did he tell you? A. About a quarter after five o'clock—I went to Ross's house that instant by myself—it was all done before seven o'clock, and they were in the cage.

COURT
to Prisoner
HURLEY, Q. What time was it when you went to Ross? A. About seven o'clock.


COURT
to
EDWARD BENNY. Q. Did you meet any watchmen before five o'clock in the morning to tell your loss to? No; I did not see any body pass through the church-yard.

jury Q. Did you go to sleep? No; I walked about—I saw the constable, and went up to him.

ROSS—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.

LEECH—


GUILTY
. Aged 22.




Transported for Seven Years.

Sixth jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

