



2115. 




ELIZA LAMB
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
23rd of August, 1 pair of trowsers, value 5s. 6d.; and 18 yards of printed cotton, value 12s.; the goods of 



Robert Walker and others.






EDWARD HORNE
. I am shopman to Robert Walker and three others; they live in Waterloo-terrace, Commercial-road, and are pawnbrokers. On the 23rd of August, I saw the prisoner at their door—she staid a considerable time—I went round, and saw at her back, under her shawl,

a piece of cotton—I still there, and saw another piece of cotton under the front of her—she stood still there, and spoke to me about the wet weather—she drew up her frock to cover the prints—I stood till I saw the policeman go by, which was in about a quarter of an hour—I called him over—she threw down the prints and trowsers—this is the cotton, marked at each corner, and these are the trowsers.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How many persons were in the shop at the time? A. Only the witness—the prisoner was sober—she had been drinking—I do not think she had any shawl on—it was merely a handkerchief, it came down to her waist, and it could conceal these things.





MARY ANN ANDERSON
. I live in George-street, Commercial-road I was at Messrs. Walker's—I saw the prisoner stand there, out of the wet—I saw her take down this gown-piece, and a pair of trowsers, and put them under her shawl.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was the shopman? A. Inside the counter, serving me—the prisoner had been drinking, but was sober—she looked very red about the eyes.

Prisoner. I can produce the handkerchief I had on—I could not conceal the print under so small a handkerchief—I never saw the things till they were brought to the office.

JURY to EDWARD HORNE. Q. Where were you? A. Behind the country, till I served the girl, and then came round to the door.

Guilty.

(The indictment also stand that the prisoner had been before convicted of felony.)





JAMES MULLIN
 (police-constable K 66.) I produce the certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office (read)—I was present at the trial—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for seven Years.
