





972. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of March
, 1 pocket-book, value 2s., and 1 pencil, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Matthews
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOSEPH MATTHEWS. I am master of the ship Sampson
, and lodge in Red Lion-street, Wapping. On the 7th of March I was returning home by St. George's church


 - there was an election, and I got into the crowd; I had a pocket - book and some ship's papers in it, and a silk hankerchief in my pocket - there was a complete shuffle just round me; the prisoner came up to me, and began to shove me an end - I told him to avast, or I would make him; there was no necessity, from the state of the crowd, for him to push me - when I told him not to shove me, he said I should get on a little faster; I then felt something at my coat tail - I then missed my pocket-book; I turned and saw the prisoner, and when I had followed him past two or three people, I grasped him, and said, "You rascal, you have got my pocket-book," and I felt it in his left breast - he said, "Here is your pocket-book, let me go;" I kept hold of him, and took up the book all over mud; my handkerchief was near it, quite out of my pocket.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. I suppose there were many people? A. Yes, in the center of the road - the prisoner was about two yards from me when I missed my book; I swear I saw the book fall from him - I had hold of him with my left hand, and was just going to knock him down.


                  JOHN 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am a Thames Police-constable. I came up and took hold of the prisoner by the right breast - the captain had hold of him with his left hand; there were a great many odd characters there - as we were going along, the prisoner said he would give me a fiver if I would let him go - I suppose he meant a 5l. note.
Cross-examined. Q. Did it not mean a rap in the mouth? A. I do not know; I was not near enough to see who dropped the book - (this is it.)
JURY. Q. Was there any thing in his breast when he was taken? A. No.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, stating that the prosecutor had mistaken his person in the crowd, and declared his innocence.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
