






1382. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     LILLEY
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     GOODYEAR
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of June
, 1 bonnet, value 13s.; 1 shift, value 2s. 6d.; 1 shirt, value 2s.; 1 jacket, value 1s.; 2 window-curtains, value 6s.; 1 plume of feathers, value 3s.; 1 pair of stockings, value 6d., and 2 pillow-cases, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Inwood
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  INWOOD
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Inwood
               



             - we live in Crown-street, Soho


. I have known Lilley six or seven years; she lives not far from me - I met her in Tottenham-court-road, and asked how she was; this was last Tuesday three weeks, about two o'clock in the day - she said she was very poorly; the other prisoner was with her - I said I had nothing with me, but if she would stop till I came back I would give her something to drink; I then left them, and went up to my husband's mistress - when I came back they were gone; I observed that Lilley seemed surprised - I went home about half-past two o'clock; my door was then broken open, and all the property stated was gone - I had locked the door and had the key; it was the back attic - there are six rooms in the house, and a private door which goes on a pulley; I went to a constable, and while I was talking to him the prisoners came up - Lilley spoke to me; she seemed very much confused, and I said, "This is a pretty circumstance that has happened" - she said, "What is it?" I said, "I have been robbed;" she said, "Dear me, you surprise me" - Goodyear ran away; Lilley then said,"You and the Policeman are very welcome to search my room" - I had said I suspected her; we went, but found none of the property there, but while we were there Goodyear was taken by another officer - they were both taken to the watch-house, and next morning to Marylebone office; the Magistrate ordered Good year's room to be searched - I went there, and found the bonnet, shift, and stockings, this piece of cloth and some other things; I had heard the night before where she lived - I found nothing of mine at Lilley's, but there was a towel mangled, and I had lost one like it; it has no mark, but I lost one in the state this is - it was taken at the time the other things were.
JOHN NAISH. The prosecutrix applied to me on the night of the 22nd of June, and said her door had been broken and she had been robbed - I went in search of Goodyear, and after some time we found where she lodged, but she was out; I went out and met the two prisoners - I took Lilley; the next morning I got this property from Goodyear - I found sixty-two duplicates at Lilley's.
DAVID COLLINS. I was on duty the same night, and the prosecutrix came and stated the case to me - I took Goodyear, and in going along she threw away a skeleton-key which opened her own room, and next morning I found this property; I told her she threw away the key.
Lilley's Defence. The prosecutrix asked me to treat her - I said I had laid out the last shilling and could not; she said she was going for money, and would treat me, but did not tell me to wait - she lives with a man they call Blackguard Jack, and walks Oxford-street every night; she knows more of my husband than me.
Goodyear's Defence. I met the prosecutrix, but we did not wait for her; I then met a young woman in St. Giles', who said she was going to her place to get some things - she brought them to me, and I took them home to keep for her, as she told me.
GOODYEAR - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LILLEY - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
