






954. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     COXHEAD
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     ROSS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of April
, 1 coat, value 9s.
            , the property of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Smith
               




             and another.


                  THOMAS 
                  SEAL
               



             (police-sergeant, G 145). On the 29th of April, about seven o'clock, I was in a court in the Curtain-road with Johnson; we were watching a house which we suspected of being a receptacle for stolen goods - the two prisoners came to the house, Coxhead knocked and went in with a bundle, which I supposed to be a coat as I saw part of it - soon afterwards they came out and Ross had a basket, which they had not when they went in- we took them, and found this coat in the basket.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVERY
               



             (police-constable, G 175). I was watching the house, but did not see the prisoners go in - when they came out I followed them, and took Coxhead who had the basket then - I asked what he had got, he said a coat of his father's which he was going to pawn - I took them; and on the way to the station I asked Coxhead who his father was, and where he lived; he then said it was not his father's, but a man gave it him to pawn, and said he would give him a penny.


                  SAMUEL 
                  VARLEY
               



            . This coat is the property of my masters, 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Smith
               



            , and another - they are pawnbrokers - the coat was for sale in their shop; I did not miss it till the officers brought it - I know nothing of the prisoners - this receiving house is about three hundred yards from my masters.


                  EDWIN 
                  JOHNSON
               



            . I was with the officers; what they have stated is correct.
Coxhead's Defence. I am innocent - I know nothing of this prisoner.
Ross's Defence. I was coming down Bateman-row, and Johnson came and took me - I know nothing of this lad.


                  GEORGE 
                  AVERY
               



            . I had seen them together for a fortnight before.
COXHEAD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.
ROSS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
