





Before Mr. 
               
                  Baron 
                  Gurney
               



            .
432. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     THEW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of November
, at St. James's, Clerkenwell


, 1 watch, value 3l.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pryer
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRYER
               



            . I am a carman
, and drive a cart for Mr. Pontin, 20, Lloyd's-row, St. John-street-road


. On the 12th of November I wound my watch up, and placed it in the corn-bin; on the 13th, at night, I went to wind it up, and it was gone - I had laid it down in the bin on some empty sacks, and placed the sacks over it - the prisoner looked after a horse and chaise in the adjoining stables, and was discharged that day - the adjoining stable is in the same yard - the stable-door, where my corn-bin is, was not locked in the day-time.


                  JOHN 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Cordell, pawnbroker, Clerkenwell - the prisoner pawned a watch with me on the 18th of December - it was pawned first on the 21st of November; then looked at by a person who was going to buy the ticket, on the 18th of December - the prisoner was the person who pawned it in November for 30s., in the name of Smith; but it was looked at, and pawned again on the 18th, in the name of Heard.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you know the prisoner? A. Not before - there are things hanging up in our shop-window for sale - they do not darken the shopwindow at all - there is quite light enough - it is darker than it would be without them - I do not know the time of day - we have a gas-light in the evening - I recollect it was the prisoner pawned the watch - to the best of my belief it was in the morning; but I cannot say it was not in the evening - I do not know whether any other persons were in the shop at the time - there might be other persons pawning goods.
COURT. Q. You remember his person? A. Yes; he pawned the watch - I produce it.


                  CHARLES 
                  STUTTLE FLETCHER
               



            . I am a policeman - I apprehended the prisoner on the 26th of January - I told him it was for stealing a musical snuff-box and a watch - I neither threatened, nor made him any promise - when he was going to Hatton-garden office, he said he pawned the watch for 30s.; and that he bought it of a man in Exmouth-street for 10s., but did not steal it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PRYER
               



             re-examined. Here is a different paper in the case to what there was when I lost it; but it is my watch, I have had it eight or nine months.
Cross-examined. Q. I observed you looked at the paper in the case first? A. Yes; it is not the same paper as was in it - I looked inside it to see if it was the paper - I can read figures - I did not look at the figures, I looked to see if it was the same shape as my own - I never saw another watch so near like it - I did not know the figures inside before - they are 3710 - nobody told me the number of the watch - I do not know it by the figures.
Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor said I was discharged the day he lost his watch - I was not discharged for nearly two months afterwards - master is unwell at present, but he could prove whether I was or not - I lost my situation in consequence of being brought to justice by him at Hatton-garden, by his swearing I stole a pair of boots, which I was innocent of, and the magistrate discharged it; and I would not stop with master, thinking it would be rather a stain on my character.
WILLIAM PRYER. I lost my watch the day he was discharged - he never worked there afterwards.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
