





1727. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     SHIRLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of August
, 1 sovereign, and 10 shillings
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Honiball
                  




               
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  HONIBALL
               



            . I keep the Reformation public-house, in Long-acre




. On the 21st of August, between four and five o'clock in the morning, I was in bed, heard some one go down stairs very softly, and heard the bar-door open; I got out of bed, and went down after him - I saw the prisoner, who was billetted at the house, at the till, and heard money jink; I was half way down the stairs; he was in the act of shaking a box; when he saw me he came to meet me; I said I had caught him - he begged I would forgive him - I said I would not; I called my son and my servants, but none of them heard; I staid a few minutes, but I was very unwell, and I allowed him to go back to his own bed-room; I called my servants and son again; I went to my own room and dressed - I then went for the Policeman, and gave him in charge - he was searched in about half an hour after I first saw him, but nothing was found on him but a sixpence, and a few halfpence - we never discovered any money on him - he said if I would allow him an hour and a half, he would bring the money that was lost - I missed a sovereign and 10s. out of a box which was in the till.


                  JOHN 
                  HONIBALL
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son - I was in the bar when my sister left at night, but I did not count the money.


                  JANE 
                  HONIBALL
               



            . I am the prosecutor's daughter. I saw the money-box in the till - I saw two sovereigns and about 10s. in it, between twelve and one o'clock - all the family were in bed but myself and brother - there was one sovereign, and about 4s. 6d. left in the till next morning.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I was sent for to take the prisoner - he said, if we would allow him an hour or an hour and a half, he would go to his brother-in-law's, and make the money good - he asked the prosecutor what he missed - he said, about 30s. he thought - I took him to the station-house, and searched him very strictly, but found nothing on him - I searched the room, but the money has not been found.
Prisoner's Defence. I had to get up early that morning, being one of the guard of honour - I went down, and saw the bar-door open - I was astonished; I looked in, and saw no one; I ventured in, thinking some person had broken in - I had not been there a minute before the prosecutor came and saw me - I told him I had seen the door open - I had gone down to wash.
JURY to JANE HONIBALL. Q. Did you lock the bar? A. Yes; and took the key up with me.
ROBERT HONIBALL. There is a partition on the top of the door, which can be easily opened, but the bottom part was not opened - I afterwards found a knife would open it - he had got over the half door; the till was not locked - I think it was necessary for him to go down to wash, but not to the bar; he seemed to go down softly - I think he had no shoes on.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
