







1353. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     RIDDLE
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LUCAS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of June

, 18 spoons, value 50s.; 1 clock, value 7l.; 1 opera-glass, value 50s.; 1 teapot, value 10s., and 1 tea-pot spout, value 3s., the goods of the 
                     
Earl
 of Roseberry
                     


                  ; 1 gown, value 10s., and 1 piece of lace, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        Jane 
                        Page
                     



                  , in the dwelling-house of the said Earl of Roseberry
            ; and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LATTIMORE
                  , alias 
WESTWOOD




            , was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said opera-glass, well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.
THOMAS SIMPSON. I am porter to the Earl of Roseberry, who lives in Piccadilly



; I sleep in a closet, and part of my bed comes into the hall. On the morning of the 1st of June, about half-past three or four o'clock, I was disturbed by a knocking at the door - I went to the door, and asked who was there; I was answered "The sweeps;" I said, "Where do you come from?" they said, "From Mr. Anderson's, North-row;" (who I knew was usually employed;) I asked what they were going to do - they said to sweep the hall chimney; I asked if they knew whose house they had come to - they said Lord Roseberry's; I then let down the chain, and two sweeps, apparently, came in - I cannot speak to their persons; they were about the size of Riddle and Lucas - they directly went through the hall, opened another door in the hall, and went to the part of the house where they said they were going; they appeared to know the house well - I got into bed again; they were dressed like sweeps: they remained in the house about half an hour, and as they came out one of them had a bag across his shoulder, such as they put soot into; I was in bed - I asked if they had swept the ball chimney - they said Yes; they went out at the street door by themselves - I am quite certain neither of them wore so tall as Lattimore.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  KELT
               



            . I am upper-housemaid to the Earl of Roseberry. On the 31st of May I shut the shutters in his Lordship's study, which is on the first floor, over the porter's hall, about nine o'clock; there was then a small French clock on the chimney-piece, and the opera-glass on the table - I left the still room about half-past ten that night; there were some silver spoons in a small jar in a glass-case, where they are kept, and two brown earthen tea-pots, one with a silver spout and the other a silver rim round the spout; I got up at half-past seven o'clock next morning, and missed about eighteen spoons - I am sure there were fifteen; they were not worth more than 2l.: the silver spout was twisted off a tea-pot, and the other tea-pot was gone - I went into the study, and found half the shutter open; I missed the clock and opera-glass - Elizabeth Green is the still-room maid: I saw her at work the night before, on a gown and piece of lace, which were missing - the sweeps had not been ordered that morning.


                  ANTHONY 
                  COOPER
               



            . I am butler to his Lordship. The tea-spoons were worth about 2l. 10s., and the clock about 5l.; it was ormolu - his Lordship had had it about nine years; the opera-glass was worth 2l. - (looking at it) this is it - it is ivory: I cannot swear to it.


                  HARRY 
                  STRETCH
               



            . I am valet to his Lordship. I know this opera-glass, and think it is worth 30s.


                  GEORGE 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am a chimney-sweep, and live in Pye-street, Westminster. I was in the House of Correction for dusting, which is taking ashes with the servants' leave - Riddle was also there: he was discharged before me - he asked me a few days before he went out, what I meant to do for a living when I got out; I said if I could not get a place I should take a basket on my head, and sell things about the streets, as my father and mother had been accustomed to do; I was locked up with him two or three nights, and had conversation with him - I said I should sell things in the streets; he said, "Oh, d-n it, I would not do that - I have been at work at two or three houses for Mr. Anderson, and know where to go and get plenty of money, if you choose to go with me;" he mentioned two or three houses - I took notice of Lord Roseberry's, but cannot recollect any other; he said he went there to take a cowl off the top of a chimney - that he went up stairs, and searched two or three rooms, and in one room in particular he pulled open a drawer, and found a lot of money, and that he only took half a crown, being fearful of being found out when he went home to his master's; he said he knew where there was plenty of silver and gold laying about down stairs in the still-room or pantry - there was plenty of plate, spoons, and other things, and would I go with him; I said, "No, I never did such a thing in my life, and won't do it now;" he said he went to work there the other morning with Kondering, and in the kitchen saw plenty of things which he could have brought away if he had liked; he went out on the Friday, and promised to come to the gate and meet me the day I came out; I told him I did not want him, for I should have somebody there to meet me - he said he knew how to get into Lord Roseberry's house, and knew his way about it - that the porter opened the door with a string and did not get out of his bed, which had a curtain round it; he said he was to go about half-past three o'clock in the morning, and the porter would open the door and let him in, if he said he came from Mr. Anderson, of North-row; I saw Kondering on the Saturday night after I came out, and told him what the prisoner told me.
FREDERICK KONDERING. I am in the service of Mr. Anderson, of North-row - he sweeps Lord Roseberry's chimnies. Riddle was never in the regular service, but we sometimes hired him of a morning; he accompanied me to Lord Roseberry's two mornings, to sweep the kitchen and office chimnies below; I knew George Moore, and after he came out of the House of Correction he told me something which had passed between him and Riddle - that was on a Wednesday evening, and I believe in May; about a month before this robbery, when Riddle went there with me, we swept the kitchen, still-room, servants' hall, and under-butler's pantry; Riddle swept the kitchen chimney, and two boys did the others - Riddle had an opportunity of going into the still-room and other places; he could see the glass-case in the still-room; the day after Riddle came out I found him sitting down talking to our boys - I stood in the passage a moment, and heard him tell the boys he thought 
               
                  George 
                  Moore
               



             would come some morning, break my box open, and take my things; I went in, and told him what I had heard, and asked him about it - I saw Moore the day after he came out, and he told me of this conversation with Riddle.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOUGHTY
               



            . I am a chimney-sweeper, and live in Lisson-grove. On the 1st of June, about eight o'clock in the morning, I was in Devonshire-street, Lisson-grove, and saw Lucas standing still at a corner of a turning - I knew him before, and while I was talking to him Riddle came up out of a marine-store shop; I believe Lloyd is the person who keeps it - Riddle joined us, and as we went along I heard some money jink in his pocket, and said, "You have been doing it up this morning;" he said he had made a bit of a hawl, and had been into Mrs. Lioyd's - I did not ask him what for, nor did he tell me; Riddle produced 18d. and put it into Lucas' hands, and Lucas said he would pay him again as soon as he got into place - we all went to the Sun, Lisson-street, andhad something to drink which Riddle paid for; we came to the top of James-street, and there I parted with them - I was at the Devonshire Arms, Devonshire-street, between ten and eleven o'clock that morning, and saw the prisoners there, and Westwood standing with them in the tap-room; I saw a glass in his hand, similar to this opera-glass - he offered it for sale to a Jew who was in the tap; the Jew said he would give him a pint of beer for it, and while this was happening Wall came in, took it out of his hand, and asked what he was doing with it - he said the Jew had offered him a pint of beer for it, but he would not take it; Wall said, "If he won't give more, I will give you a pot of beer" - Westwood said he should have it; Wall took it, and gave him the pot of beer - I went into my room, where I keep soot, in James-street, next morning, and found Riddle and Lucas there; two or three more were there - Riddle said he had been to a house and robbed it; he said it was Lord Roseberry's, but I could not recollect the name at the office - he did not tell me how he got in; he said he went down stairs to the kitchen, and saw a poker, put it over his shoulder, and went up stairs into a room where there was a man asleep, that he went and took the clock off the mantelpiece, and that if the man had got up be b-g-d if he would not have paid him - I saw Riddle that day at the Eyre Arms, St. John's-wood; he got talking about where he had been to, and said, in the tap-room, that he did not care a b-g-r about being lagged himself, so that somebody was to be lagged with him - and them as had a drink of beer with him, he would bring into it with him; he said there that he had been to a Lord's house.


                  RICHARD 
                  HARTLEY WALL
               



            . I am an officer. On Tuesday morning, the 1st of June, I was at the Marquis of Anglesea public-house, at the corner of Devonshire-street, at half-past nine o'clock - I saw the three prisoners in the tap-room, and Doughty also; I knew them all well - Westwood had this opera-glass in his hand; I have put my initials on it - I saw a Jew there; he had been there once and left - his coming there a second time excited my suspicion; as soon as the Jew saw me he went out - Westwood had the glass in his hand, turning it round, and said, "He won't give me more than a pint of beer for it;" I said, "If he won't give you more than a pint of beer for it, you can take a pot" - I told the landlord to give him a pot, and he gave me the glass; I asked for his address, he said No. 9, Bell-street, Lissongrove - I had my suspicions, and sent a person there; he came back saying he did not live there; the party were then gone - Riddle and Lucas were brought to the office by Ellis on Wednesday; I went in pursuit of Westwood, and found him in a lodging at Hendon yesterday week -I was continually in search of him till then; Westwood said something about having given a pint of beer for it himself - he said that as soon as he saw me at the house; I did not know him then.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES
               



            . I was a serjeant of the Police in June, and apprehended Lucas, with four others, at the Victory public-house, Union-street - I apprehended Riddle afterwards, in Little James-street, Lisson-grove, concealed in a cellar; on the road to the watch-house, he asked me what I wanted him for - I said "For robbing Sir Watson Taylor;" he said that was bl-y George Moore had done that - he said, "I have done the work, and he is spending the money."(Opera-glass produced and sworn to.)
Riddle's Defence. It is all false what they have said; I was playing for a pint of beer, and lost it.
Westwood's Defence. I bought the opera-glass for a pint of beer, of a young man in the Edgware-road - it laid on the table when Wall came in; I asked him to give me a pot for it - he said, "What is it, it is broken;" I said, No, it was unscrewed, but I did not know what it was or its value - I had no idea of its being stolen.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  KELT
               



            . There was no bed in the room where the clock was.
RIDDLE - 


               GUILTY (of stealing, to the value of 99s. only.)
             Aged 18. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
LUCAS and LATTIMORE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
