






Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
1160. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     CHAMBERLAINE
                  




               
            * and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     HILL
                  




               
            * were indicted for, that 


               they, on the 22d June
, 1 mould in and upon which was made and impressed, the figure and resemblance of one of the sides, to wit, the obverse side of the King's current coin, called a shilling, knowingly and without lawful excuse, feloniously had in their custody and possession
            , against the statute, &c.
2nd COUNT. Like the first, only substituting the word"reverse" for observe. (See Sixth Sess. p. 603.)
MESSRS. SCARLETT and ELLIS conducted the Prosecution.


                  THOMAS 
                  FOGG
               



            . I am a constable of the Thames Police. In consequence of information, on Saturday 22d of June, I went to a house in Devonshire-court, Nicholl-street, St. Matthew, Green


, with Creber, my brother, and Mr. Mitchell, our Inspector - the street door was open - I and Creber went in; the ground-floor front-room door being fast - I immediately burst it open, and the two prisoners were laying on the bed, it was about half after two o'clock in the day time - the female prisoner was dressed, and the male prisoner partly undressed; they immediately jumped up, and the female prisoner said,"Oh my God" - Chamberlaine said, "It is all right, Fogg, I have been working a square game" - I secured Chamberlaine, and Creber secured Hill - I searched Chamberlaine and found nothing on him - I went to the left-hand cupboard, by the fireplace, and underneath a pan of water, I found some pieces of metal, a file, with white metal in the teeth of it; a tobacco-pipe, with some white metal in the bowl of it - I then searched the cupboard, on the other side of the fire-place, and found undernerneath the floor, in the cupboard, concealed among some dirt, a mould, the floor was decayed - I found the mould wrapped in a piece of white paper - I immediately gave it to Mr. Mitchell; the cupboards had no doors to them.
Cross-examined by MR. DOANE. Q. Did Creber go into the room with you at first? A. He did; I observed none of these things in any part of the room, except the cupboards - they could not be seen by a person going in casually; they were concealed.
COURT. Q. Did you know the prisoners? A. Yes; I have had them in custody before for the same offence, and I believe they lived together in the room - I have no reason to suppose them married; they go by different names; I have seen them going in and out there.


                  JAMES 
                  FOGG
               



            . I am a Thames police-surveyor. I accompanied the other officers to the prisoners lodging - I entered the room immediately after them - I cut the bed-tick open, seeing a hole in the middle of it - I cut it larger, and turned the whole contents of the bed out, and found a bag with forty-three counterfeit shillings in it - I gave them to Mr. Mitchell; and I found six counterfeit half crowns, in a piece of white paper, in the tick - Chamberlaine said to Hill, "This will lag us Sal," (that means transport) she made no remark to that - he said he had been there two months, and that he did not take the room.
Cross-examined. Q. You went in after the other officers? A. Yes; rather.


                  ALEXANDER 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I am inspector of the police. - I accompanied James Fogg to the house; Thomas Fogg and Creber got there before us; we followed them in directly - I entered the room on the ground-floor, and then both the prisoners were standing up, off the bed - I saw them secured; there was a conversation as to whom the room belonged to - Hill said she hired the room, and paid for it- I found in the cupboard on the right-hand side two bags of plaister of Paris, and I saw Fogg find the mould - he handed it up to me; I produce it - James Fogg handed the couterfeit coin to me from the bed; I produce that - I believe this to be the same - but after the former trial I mixed some other counterfeit coin with them; but I believe these to be the same - I know what I found were counterfeit - there were two bands in the bag of plaister of Paris; they were pieces of old hats - I have destroyed them.
Cross-examined. Q. You say you had ascertained the coin to be counterfeit, was that from Mr. Field's evidence? A. No; from my own knowledge - it is so soft a metal; it is different from silver or any other coin.
COURT. Q. Did the man say anything about the room? A. Yes; he said he only came there occasionally to see Hill.

HENRY HACKER. The house No. 1, Devonshire-court belongs to me, and was let to the two prisoners, by my wife - the rent has been paid to me, several times, by Hill - I only know who took it, from what my wife has told me - I have seen the male prisoner there several times - I have seen both of them there - my house is right opposite, and I believed them to be living there as man and wife - I have seen them going backwards and forward repeatedly - my wife is confined to her bed - there are five rooms in the house; they only occupied one, the rent was paid every evening - it was 6 1/2d. a-day- the room was taken by the week.
Cross-examined. Q. The male prisoner never paid you any rent? A. Never; I have seen them go in and out, both separately and together - I saw one as much as the other.


                  JOHN 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am inspector of coin to the mint - I have been in the habit of seeing counterfeit coin for many years - this is a plaister of Paris mould - having on one half of it, the observe side of a shilling impressed, and on the other, the reverse side - this mould would stamp the impression of a shilling in all respects, and it appears to have been used for that purpose; I have a shilling in my hand which I believe to have been cast in this mould, it corresponds in all respects with it - here is a piece of metal which is called a get, which appears to have been made in this mould, it fits the channel; all the shillings produced are counterfeit, several of them have not been cast in the mould - here are only two which I can be positive have been cast in this mould - the half-crowns are all counterfeit; they are all the same kind of metal - the metal can be easily fused in a tobacco pipe, and poured into the mould - a small band of hat might be used to confine the plaister.


                  JAMES 
                  FOGG
               



             re-examined. Q. You spoke of finding a mould in one cupboard, and one in another? A. No; I only found it in the right hand cupboard - the mould in the white paper is the same mould as I mentioned before.
Chamberlaine's Defence. One thing I have to say, that is, the landlord is wrong to what he said the first time - he said at first he had seen me frequently there, but could not say that I lived there.
HENRY HACKER re-examined. I said they lived there as man and wife.
Chamberlaine. Very probably the things found there were left by characters who lived in the room before me, which I could bring witnesses to prove; I did not live with Ann Hill - I only came now and then to her - I happened to come on Friday, I was playing at skittles in Brick-lane, I got intoxicated, I went to her, and remained there till about eight o'clock at night, then went to a wine-house, and returned home about one o'clock in the morning; I went to her, and was there until I was taken - Fogg said, the door was fast, it was only on the latch - it was not fastened - the lock hung by one nail - the door was falling to pieces - the pannels were not thicker than half a crown.
THOMAS FOGG re-examined. The door was fast, I tried it, and burst it open - I don't think there was any lock to it - I think it was bolted - I did not look at it when I got in; I put my shoulder against it, and knocked it all to pieces - I saw that there was a latch to it, and that was fast; I will not swear there was a bolt.
Hill's Defence. We had not lived together, not for eight months.
HENRY HACKER re-examined. I let the room to them furnished - there were two doors on one cupboard, and none on the other; the cupboards were cleaned out, when they came - there was a lock on the cupboard which had a door to it.
CHAMBERLAIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
HILL - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Transported for Life
            .
