



1786. 




ROBERT GEORGE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
18th of July, at 
St. Bridget alias St. Bride, I pendulum-rod, value 6l.; and I esxtant, value 3l.; the goods of 



William Simms and others, in the dwelling-house of the said 



William Simms.






THOMAS FARRANT
. I work for Mr. Kneller Smart, of Princes-street, Leicester-square. On the 18th of July, the prisoner came to the shop—he is a stranger—he broughta piece of silver rod, and wanted to know if we bought old silver—Mr. Smart told him he did—he placed the the rod on the counter—Mr. Smart then asked him where he got it—he said he had been to work at an empty house in the Strand, and he and a bricklayer found it in the privy, and they divided it between them—we asked him where the bricklayer was with the other piece, and togo and fetch it—he said he could not purchase it, but should detain it, and asked him his name and address—he wrote on a paper, "John Williams, No.6 Tower-street, St. Giles's"—I asked him who was the master of the job—he said, a master-builder, named Armstrong, who lived at Pimlico—I afterwards made inquiry, and found his name and address were false—I afterwards went to Lsle-street, Lincoln's-inn-fields with the officer, and saw the prisoner's wife—he told me it was his lodging—I there found a sextant.





WILLIAM SIMMS
. I am a mathematical-instrument maker, and live in Fleet-street. This property is mine, in trust—it is the property of my late partner, and was in my custody, as one of his executors—it never was part of our stock-in-trade, but articles for his own private amusement, which he

retained—they continued in my house after his death, until they could be disposed of—it is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Bridget alias Bride—I missed these articles on Monday, the 20th of July—I went out of town on the 21st.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. were you in partnership with Mr. Troughton? A. I had been so, but had ceased to be so for more than two years beforehe died—when he died, the dwelling-house was entirely mine—the deed of dissolution conveyed the dwelling-house to me alone—he died on the 12th of june—this has never been partnership properly—he made a will, which I proved, before this transaction—two other persons were executors—he bequeated his property for sale by auction, or by private contract—one sale has taken place, but this property has never been sold—I have known the prisoner some time—he bore a very respectable character up to this time—I am very sorry to stand in this position.





JAMES DUPERE
. I am a policeman. I went to the prisoner's lodging and found the sextant and other articles there.





WILLIAM SIMMS

re-examined. This sextant is not complete—it wants an index glass; but it is a sextant, on account of its form—the name in derived from the form—this is part of the pendulum-rod, and is worth about 6l. together—the sextant is worth 3l.

Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure the two articles are worth more than 5l.? A. Silver has an intrinsic value—I value it at 4s. an ounce, which is under the value—the prisoner was working on my premises as a journeyman-carpenter—he had oppurtunities of talking much more valuable articles.
(Jonathan Tibbs, of Little Wild-street; John Barrow, builder, of Salisbury-court, Fleet-street; Thomas Good, chinaman, of Mill-street, Conduit-street; and—Wrench, publican, of Long-acre; gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 36.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.—


Transported for Life.
