






1800. 
               
                  HENRIETTA 
                  LETHULIER
               



             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of August

, 22 sovereigns, the monies of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Tomlinson
                        



                     
                  , from his person
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BRYAN
                  



               
             was indicted for 


               that he, well knowing the said felony was committed, did receive, harbour, conceal, and maintain her
            .
THOMAS TOMLINSON. I am a captain
 in the Newcastle trade. On Saturday, the 20th of August, about eleven o'clock at night, I went ashore to settle some bills, having just discharged my cargo, and fell in with the female prisoner in High-street, Shadwell; I was quite sober- I do not know whether I accosted her, or she me; we went to a public-house in Brook-street, and had a pint of beer - I said I would bid her good bye, as I was going on board to sail in the morning; she had a glass of peppermint - we walked on together about two hundred yards; I took her by the hand, and wished her good-bye - she ran away; I then felt and missed twenty-two sovereigns in a purse, from my left-hand pocket - I had taken no liberties with her; I am certain my money was safe when I met her - I went up High-street, and described her to the officers; the sovereigns were in a purse, tied with white twine - I am sure she is the girl.


                  JOHN 
                  EASTERBROOK
               



            . I am an officer. The prosecutor described the prisoner to me, and said he was going away the next morning - I apprehended her on the Tuesday following, in Ely-place, Bethnal-green; I knew her before, and knew her haunts, but could not find her there- I went to the house in Ely-place, at nine o'clock in the morning, and asked for Bryan; I saw him, and asked for her - she came down; I took her, and found 2l. 18s. 6d. on her - I asked if they had any more property; they said two donkeys - Bryan said he bought one on Sunday, and the woman said she bought one on Sunday; I tookthem to the office - the prosecutor said the woman had a stall on her fore-finger, which I found she had.
Lethulier. I had a rag on my right hand, and he said it was on the left. Witness. I saw her shift it from one hand to the other; when I said she was charged with robbing a captain, Bryan said, "He be d - d - she knows nothing about it, that I know."


                  MARY 
                  SHARPE
               



            . I went into the White Hart, Brook-street, and saw the female prisoner and prosecutor behind the bar - I knew the prosecutor, and drank with him; I am certain the prisoner is the woman.


                  SARAH 
                  BARTER
               



            . I was locked up on Sunday, the 21st of August, about a misunderstanding with my master: the female prisoner was there - I heard her say she had lost her money; she then said she had found it - she counted fifteen sovereigns, and put them into something she had taken them out of before; I did not see what it was.


                  HENRY 
                  LENNON
               



            . I am an officer. I took charge of the prisoners.


                  GEORGE 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am an officer. I received information - I searched Lethulier's sister, and found six sovereigns on her.


                  SELINA 
                  LETHULIER
               



            . I am the prisoner's sister. She was in the watch-house on Sunday for something, and when she came out on Monday, she gave me the six sovereigns to take care of for her - Bryan was there at the time, getting his dinner.


                  FREDERICK 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am a shoemaker. The prisoners each ordered a pair of shoes of me on the Monday - I was to get them done that night; they paid me 10s. 6d. on them.


                  MICHAEL 
                  WHEELER
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker. The prisoners were indebted to me; on Sunday, the 21st, Lithulier paid me a sovereign.
Lethulier's Defence. A man told Easterbrook, if he would come and make the most of this case he would give him a new suit of clothes a pair of boots, and stockings - my sister heard it.


                  SELINA 
                  LETHULIER
               



            . I cannot say I heard any thing of the sort.
LETHULIER - 

               GUILTY
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
BRYAN - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
