



232. 




ANN TAYLOR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of November, 1 purse, value 6d.; 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 1 crown, 2 half-crowns, 12 shillings, and 2 sixpences; the goods and monies of 



Edward Squires, from his person.






EDWARD SQUIRES
. I lived at No. 6, Charlotte-street. On the 29th of November, I called at a public-house in Barbican, for some goods, which my master left there—I did not drink any thing—I saw the prisoner there—she did not say any thing to me in the house, but she followed me out, and asked why they would not let me have the goods—we got into conversation, and I went with her to a house in Sun-court, Type-street—we went into a room—a person came and knocked at the door, and demanded a shilling for the room—I gave her 6d., and gave the prisoner 6d., both of which I took out of my purse—she refused to let me have any thing to do with her, and then* * * * and she said, "Now, what will you do?"—another person then knocked at the door, and demanded another shilling for the room—I then went away, and said they were all a set of dupes—when I got out I felt, and missed my purse from my left hand pocket—I found an officer, and took him to the house, and he found my money in the prisoner's bosom—my purse had 34s. in it when I went to the house, one half-sovereign, and the rest in silver—I had parted with two sixpences—this is the purse—it has 33s. in it, a duplicate, and a counterfeit shilling, which I took some time ago, and I kept it because I thought I would always have a shilling in my pocket.





PAUL PLANT
 (police-constable G 177.) I took the prisoner—the prosecutor charged her with taking his purse—she denied it, and said he had

not been robbed there—she then ran across the room—I saw her put her hand to her neck—I took her hand, and found this purse and money in her bosom.

Prisoner. I found the purse and a parcel, which he left on the round table; and when he came back, I said, "I suppose you have come for what you left on the table."





EDWARD SQUIRES
. No, she did not—I put down my bundle on the table, but not the purse.




GUILTY
.† Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
