





1182. 
               
                  
                     CHARLOTTE 
                     BEAZLEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of May
, at St. Mary, Islington, 6 pair of sheets, value 3l.; 7 towels, value 10s.; 1 glazier's diamond, value 10s.; 8 sovereigns, 16 half-crowns, and 2 10l. Bank notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Stephen 
                           Lucas
                        




                     
                  , her master, in his dwelling-house
            . (See Sixth Sess. p. 572.)
STEPHEN LUCAS. I live at No. 9, Brunswick-place, Ball's-pond-road, in the parish of St. Mary, Islington


, it is my dwelling house - I occupy the whole of it; the prisoner was in my employ, and quitted me on the 16th of May, without notice - I then missed two £10 notes,£11 in gold and half crown pieces, some sheets, table linen, and various other articles which are stated in the indictment; they were all my property - I have traced some; on the evening before she left me, I called her into the parlour and told her that I had heard in London that some of my linen had been sold there, and that it came through the hands of a woman who lived with her father - she cried, and said that some one had been trying to injure her - I said, "Very well, I will make inquiries to morrow," and when I came home the next day, she was gone, and had taken her boxes, and my property was missing; I had put the name of the gentleman I took the notes of, on them when I had put them away - during the time of my wife's illness and mine, there was nobody in the house but the prisoner, and I have no doubt but she had our keys, though I don't recollect giving them to her - the prisoner had lived with me about two years on a former occasion, but on the last occasion, about one quarter; I had a house formerly at No. 36 Frith-street - I had seen all the articles stated, at my house in Brunswick-place - I missed them on the 17th; I found two towels in Belton-street, Longacre - I think about a week afterwards, in possession of Mary Mc Donald.
Prisoner. I never had his keys all the time I was in his house - what he is accusing me of is quite false, I have lived with him three times; it is not very likely now that I should rob him. Witness. I never knew any thing dishonest of her before.


                  CATHARINE 
                  GIBSON
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Gibson
               



            , he is a milkman, and lives at No. 2. Balls-pond-road; I know the prisoner by my serving Mr. Lucas with milk - I remember she called on me one evening in May, and asked me to go with her to buy a pair of earrings, which I did, she came to me again on the 12th of May - she came into my bed room and put a small bundle on the table, and asked me if I was ready, (she had before asked me to go with her to take tea with her sister, and I said, I would if I could, it all depended on my business) - on that day she came and asked if I was ready, and said she had purchased two flannel waistcoats for her father, who was troubled with the rheumatism, and she took from under them a small bit of paper with a sovereign and a shilling in; she asked me to put it into my pocket, as she had neither pocket nor purse; we then went out and walked to Shoreditch church; she then engaged a coach to go to Parker-street, Drury-lane - on the day following she came to my house again at half past two o'clock, and said she wanted change for a £10 note for her mistress - she appeared to come in a hurry - I took the note out of her hand, and said, I did not think I could, but I would send to see; I sent my girl with the note to her master, and told her to ask him for change for it - she returned in about ten minutes, but I did not see the change in the possession of the prisoner - I saw some gold on the back parlour mantel-piece; she then asked me to go with her to have a tooth out - I said, I could not; she then asked me to let the girl go; I said, she might; and the prisoner went out with her - the girl afterwards came back and said she came for another half sovereign; I took the gold off the mantel-piece, there were nine sovereigns and a half - I gave it into the girl's hand to take to the prisoner, and said, I did not wish to have anybody's money in my place but my own - I did not see her give the prisoner the money.
Q. Did you not think it rather extraordinary that she should leave the change behind her? A. No; I thought she left it while she went to have the tooth drawn - Mr. Lucas has since discontinued me as a milkwoman.


                  MARIA 
                  MARIGOLD
               



            . I was, at the time in question, servant to Mrs. Gibson - I received the £10 note from my mistress, and took it to the barn to my master, he went and got change at Mrs. Wicks', at the King's-arms - I took it back, and gave nine sovereigns and two half-sovereigns into the prisoner's hand - she took it into the back parlour and asked my mistress to mind it - my mistress said, "No, mind it yourself" - she then pointed to the floor, and said she would throw it down - I said, "No, Mary, put it on the mantel-piece" - she put it on the mantel-piece, and took half a sovereign away, and I went with her to Mr. Bailey's, on Kingsland-green, where she had a tooth taken out, and changed the half sovereign.
Q. Were you not surprised at that? A. I cannot say I was - I then went with her to a comb-shop near the Bull, at Kingsland, where she bought some combs and other things, and she sent me back for another half sovereign as she had spent the first half sovereign, and had not money enough.
Q. Did not this excite your suspicion? A. No, sir; on the Sunday morning following Mr. Lucas asked my mistress if she had seen his servant girl, and said, she had taken two £10 notes from him, and my mistress told him I had got one changed.


                  FRANCES 
                  WICKS
               



            . I live at the King's-arms, Kingsland. On the 13th of May Mr. Gibson brought this £10 note to me - I gave him change for it, and my son marked it - on the Sunday after Mr. Lucas came and I showed it to him.



                  ROBERT 
                  WICKS
               



            . This is the note - I wrote on it in my mother's presence.


                  STEPHEN 
                  LUCAS
               



            . This is my note - I took it of Mr. Martin, and wrote his name on the back of it, and the date, 9th of May, 1833, and my name under that; my wife is in a childish state - she is not able ro give change or to count twenty.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MELLISH
               



             (police-sergeant, N 5). I apprehended the prisoner in Earl-street, Chelsea; - I asked her if her name was Mary - she said no; I then asked if it was 
               
                  Charlotte 
                  Beazley
               



             - she denied it; I asked her if she had lived with Mr. Lucas - she said no; a woman who was there said, "How can you say so, Charlotte, you did" - I then took her into custody, and she requested a little girl to bring her box down, and she brought down a paper box - the woman said "Charlotte, that is not your box, why don't you tell the truth" - I then went up stairs with the prisoner and the woman, and a box was pointed out by the prisoner - she took these articles out of it, and tried to conceal them in her bosom; here is a bead and coral necklace and two drops of earrings - we found some linen and calico, and this dress in the box.


                  THOMAS 
                  HALL
               



            . I live at No. 6, Dalston-row. A person, who I believe was the prisoner, came to my shop, the latter end of April or the beginning of May, and bought a black silk dress, some cloth, and some ribbon, which came to nearly four pounds - I cannot speak to this dress, but I could speak to the cloth which was produced here last session, and given up to the sheriff.


                  STEPHEN 
                  LUCAS
               



            . My money and notes had been kept in a drawer in my bed-room.
Prisoner's Defence. It was not me that laid the money out; these things are mine - I had some of them before I came to Mr. Lucas the last time.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20 - 


               Transported for Life
            .
