






Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
63. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SURGOOD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November

, 1 truss of hay, value 18d.; 1 sack, value 2s.; 3 bushels of bran, value 3s., and 2 pecks of chaff and beans, mixed together, value 9d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Stevens
                        



                     
                  , his master
            ; and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     INGLE-DON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the said goods, well knowing them to have been stolen
            ; against the Statute, &c.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am a tanner
, and live near Uxbridge, in Middlesex



. Surgood was my carman
, and was employed to carry my leather to town; he had been with me about two years - on the 12th of November I sent him to town with a load of leather to my factor's, in St. Maryaxe; I had previously marked three or four trusses of hay. by putting little tally sticks into them and keeping the counterpart - I did not mark my bran or corn, but I had noticed them, and I had some bran, chaff, and beans in the stable; and on the morning before he went to London I had three sacks of bran, one of mixed corn nearly full, and three or four trusses of hay which I had marked - when he was gone to London I went into the stable again; I missed one sack of bran, two trusses of hay, and the sack nearly full of mixed corn - perhaps they were not regular trusses, as they were our own binding up; the two I missed were two of those I had marked - I allow my servants a regular quantity of mixed corn when they go to town; about half the quantity I missed would have been sufficient for that, but certainly no unmixed bran, and about one truss of hay would have been sufficient, or more than sufficient, as there were only two horses; after he was gone, on the 12th of November, I set off, and overtook the van at Bayswater - it was standing at the inn; I did not say any thing to Surgood at that time, but I went on and met the officer - I suppose the horses were in the stable as I went by; about ten o'clock I saw Surgood in Oxford-road; I said to him, "I have reason to suspect something is wrong at home; have you left any hay or corn on your journey, or any leather?" he said, "No. not any" - I replied, "Are you sure?" he said, "No, not any;" but afterwards he said, "I left a part of my bait," meaning the mixed corn - I then examined the caravan, and found it contained a bundle of hay, and the nose-bags were full, containing. I presume, mixed corn, sufficient, I should say, to bait the horses on their return home; I then went with the officer to Marylebone Police-office and got a search warrant - we then went to the Swan inn at Bayswater



, where I had seen the van standing; Ingledon, who was the ostler
 there, was standing at the door, and several other persons; we found one truss of hay in the yard - the officer asked Ingledon if he had not assisted in unloading the caravan, and taken out some hay and some bran: he answered indifferently, he might or he might not, as he continually did those things for men, and he had not a perfect recollection - the yard we found the hay in adjoins the inn, and I presume it belongs to it; the horses could not get into the stable without passing through it - we examined the hay, and it had the tallies in it; we then went into the stable, and in the loft over it we found a sack of bran in one of my cousin's sacks, bearing his name, and about two bushels of mixed corn in another of his sacks; I sent another servant to London the next day to fetch home the caravan - the prisoner would have had to stop in London till I had purchased the articles he would have had to bring home, perhaps two or three hours; he usually arrived from ten to half-past ten o'clock, and would obtain his load by four.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You state his stay in London depends on the purchase of your commodities? A. Yes, but the market ends before the day - he might stay till five o'clock; I do not measure the provender he has to take to town - it is left to his own discretion; I should think he has been two years in my service, it may be more; the Swan inn is a place of very considerable resort for carts and waggons - the ostler has a great deal to do; he said he might have helped him - I never was in the yard before, but I have no doubt it was the property of the landlord; there were a number of corn sacks in the loft - I think the bran should not have been taken into the loft; it was up in a corner - I saw it through a hole in the stable; I had not seen the ostler before, to my knowledge - I believe I have related every thing that took place with the officer and the ostler in my presence; Surgood is married, but has no family.


                  HENRY 
                  JAMES PERRENCE
               



            . I am a saddler. I was asked to watch the van - I was waiting close by the Swan, and saw Surgood come up with it; I saw Ingledon cross the road from the van, with a truss of hay on his shoulder, but I did not see how he got it - he took it down the yard by the side of the Swan, and put it on a crib in the yard, where it was afterwards found - Surgood followed over, with a sack full of something on his shoulder, and in about ten minutes Ingledon went over to the van again, and brought out a sack, which appeared a new one, full, out of the front of the van: Surgood then went and put some hay on the shafts, on the front of the van, and tied the tarpauling down over it - I told Webster, the officer, what I had seen; I afterwards went to search the premises with the officer, and found the hay where I had seen it left, with the sticks in it.
Cross-examined. Q. Was this in open day? A. Yes, it was about ten minutes before nine o'clock, and it is a public highway: there was no concealment that I am aware of; I was there with Mr. Stevens, and what he has stated is correct.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I am an officer. I have heard the account the last witness has given; what he has stated is correct - I went to execute the search-warrant; I saw Ingledon at the door - I knew him, and he knew me; I called him, and asked what Mr. Stevens' carter had left that morning - he said he believed a little hay, and he thought there was some loose corn also in the stable; I said I wished to see the hay, and he took us to it - I untied it, and asked him whether any thing else had been left; he said No, not that he knew of - I am sure he said that; we went into the stable, and looked through the hole; Perrence said, "I believe that to be the sack;" Ingledon made no answer, but went and got a ladder - there were no means of getting to the loft without a ladder; we got up, and found the sack of bran - Ingledon said he did not know how it came there, nor who it belonged to - I am sure I asked him if he knew how it came there, and he said No; I took him and the articles into custody.
Cross-examined. Q. Was not Mr. Stevens with you? A. Yes; I heard him asked if he had detailed all that passed, and he said Yes - I have stated more, but it is correct; I could see the sack from below, and so could any one - there were certainly many places in which it might have been put where it could not be seen; it was a public stable, into which any one might go - it is an inn which carries on a great deal of business, but I think the ostler could not forget what had been left in so short a time; the van stopped at a quarter to nine o'clock, and we went again at past eleven - it was not past twelve; the master of the inn came to us - we were there twenty-five minutes or half an hour.
COURT. Q. As near as you can guess, what time elapsed from your seeing the van unloaded to your search?A. I think an hour and three quarters, as near as I can recollect.
Surgood. I have been upwards of seven years with Mr. Stevens, as a regular servant, and have witnesses to prove it; he makes a memorandum of the time we are with him.
MR. STEVENS. He may have been so.
Surgood's Defence. What I brought from home I fed my horses with, from twenty minutes after eight o'clock to near eleven; what they did not eat I took further on, and what they do not eat at all I take home - I am uncertain what time I shall stay; I have waited six or eight hours in town - I have known Mr. Stevens to buy three loads, and I have to go and fetch them: when my horses are knocked up I am obliged to stop three or four hours at the Swan, because he overloads his horses, so that they cannot get home - he has taken the bait from me when I got home.
Ingledon's Defence. This man was in the habit of calling on his way to town, and leaving the provender, taking what he wants till he returns, which is sometimes at six o'clock at night; others are in the habit of leaving provender there - when the officer inquired of me I said he had been there, but I did not know whether he had left any thing; I looked and said Yes, he has, and pointed it out among other provender of other men's - how the bran and corn came there I cannot tell.
SURGOOD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 27.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
INGLEDON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
