




1958. 




THOMAS WILLIAM LEIGHTON
 and 




JOHN BUCKINGHAM
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
28th of July, 4 half-crowns and 2 shillings, the monies of 



Edmund Wellington, from the person of 



Eliza Wellington, and that both the prisoners had been before convicted of felony.






ELIZA WELLINGTON
. I am the wife of Edmund Wellington, he lives in Nelson-street, Camden-town. On Saturday night, the 28th of July, I went for my husband, and met him in Tottenham-court-road—he gave me a sovereign, and I returned—on my way I purchased a few articles out of it, in a shop in Tottenham-court-road—I laid out eighteen pence and they gave

me change—I then went to buy some bacon, and some butter—the last shop I was in was at the corner of Windmill-street—I pulled out my money there, and paid for what I bought—I then had four half-crowns, three shillings, and two sixpences—I put that safe in my pocket before I left the shop—I came out, went to the edge of the curb, where a man was selling peas, and while he was measuring me some, the two prisoners came up to the cart, one pushed before, and got in front of me, the other was behind me—I put my hand into my pocket to get the money—I felt among my halt-crowns for a sixpence—I felt myself rather pushed behind—I turned, and saw Buckingham behind me—I paid for my peas and left the cart-when I had been gone for two or three minutes I missed all my money but eighteen pence—I said to my husband, "I have had my pocket picked"—he and I returned to the man at the cart—he directed us down the road—I turned and saw the prisoners-Leighton saw me, and ran away, and hid himself under a stall—I collared Buckingham, and I gave him in charge to my husband, while I went to look for a policeman—I lost four half-crowns and two shillings—it was all found.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What is your husband? A. A tailor—after I took my hand out of my pocket I observed myself pushed behind, and saw Buckingham behind me—this was in Tottenham-court-road, which is quite a market-place.





MARK HOLLIS
. I was selling peas—I remember the witness coming to me, and after that Leighton came and asked the price of peas—I told him sixpence a peck—he remained about a minute, and then went away—I did not observe the other prisoner, but I saw there were two boys—this lady then came back, and said she had lost her money, and while she stood a few minutes I saw these two boys together, by "the grocer's—she collared Buckingham, and Leighton ran away to a stall—I took him from behind the stall, and took him to the other, till we got a policeman.

Cross-examined. Q. Two or three minutes elapsed before the witness came back and said she had lost her money? A. Yes—I did not see Buckingham selling any thing there.





THOMAS SIBSEY
 (police-sergeant S 16). The two prisoners were given into my custody—I asked Leighton what money he had about him—he said, ninepence, which he produced—I then searched him, and between the lining of his hat and his hat, I found two half-crowns and one shilling—I asked Buckingham what money he had, he said, six shillings, which was two half crowns and one shilling, which he gave me—I found no more on him but one penny.

Cross-examined. Q. Buckingham gave you a correct account, and gave you the money? A. Yes—he said it was his wages-Leighton said he put his money in his hat to hide it from his mother—he said he had sold boxes, but there were no boxes about.





CHARLES BURGESS GOFF
 (police-constable L 31.) I produce the certificates of the prisoners' conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I was present when the prisoners were both tried on the same indictment, for stealing from the person in the Park.

LEIGHTON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16. BUCKINGHAN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 16.




Transported for Ten Years.
