



1888. 




JOHN NEWCOMB
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of June, at 
St. Botolph Without, Aldgate, 1 cow, price 6l., the property of 




Mark Gotts.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM WALLIS
. I am servant to Mr. Mark Gotts, a farmer, at Bulpham, in Essex. On Saturday, the 10th of June, I saw a brindled cow of his safe, between eight and nine o'clock at night, in a mead called the Kitchen Mead, at Bulpham-natczh—I hasped the gate of the field myself when I left it—it was not locked—on the Sunday morning, between four and five o'clock, I went to the mead again, and it was gone—I had known the cow ten or eleven years—I had taken care of her and milked her for six or seven years—she had two very large teats before, and two white spots on her back, one against the shoulder, and the other on the loin—she was in calf, and had about six weeks or two months to go, I think—she gave milk to two calves—I have since seen a skin and horns, which I know to be those of my master's cow.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How long after you saw the cow did you see the skin and horns? A. Four days after—master brought them to Bulpham—the skin was fresh then—it was not stiff nor hard; quite the reverse—I knew it again at once.





WILLIAM MANN
. I am cowman to Mr. James Barr, of Dempsey-street, Stepney. I saw the prisoner four or five weeks before I was at Lambeth street, about a quarter past eight o'clock in the morning, driving a cow towards Whitechapel very fast—it was a brindled cow, with a white spot or two on her back, and her two front dugs were a good deal larger than the hind ones—I went with him from the King Harry, Mile-end-road, to Globe-lane, nearly a quarter of a mile—I asked him if he was going after any more cows—he said, "No, not particular"—I asked him if he was going to Whitechapel—he said, "Not particular"—he said, "Put her

along, I want to get her along: "I set my dog at her, and she then trotted on—she looked as if she had been driven a long way, and thin, as if she had had no victuals during the night.

Cross-examined. Q. Where was it you first came up with him? A. Near the King Harry, in Mile-end-road—it is not a common thing for a cow's front dugs to be larger than the hind ones—some are so, but it is uncommon.





JAMES LATHBURY
. I am a butcher, and live in High-street, Aldgate. I know the prisoner—I have had dealings with him for cows on two occasions before this, the first on the 5th of May, and the other on the 12th—he told me he was a jobber and dealer, as I asked him when I bought the first cow—he is a hay-dealer besides—he came to me on Sunday morning, the 11th of June, about ten minutes past eight o'clock, with a very dark brindled cow, nearly a black—it was in a poor state—it was not in calf that I know of—he said he had brought another cow, if I would buy it—I asked him how much—he said 5l.—I said I could not give him so much—it was worth no such money, and I would not buy it, but I told him, "As to morrow is Smithfield market, you may put it into my shed, and give it some hay; and if you cannot sell it to-morrow, I will buy it of you"—he put it into my place, and I went over to a coffee-shop—he came there to me, and I agreed to give him 3l. for it, which was more than it was worth—he said be should lose a good deal by it, it cost him a good deal more than that—I told him he must buy them better, or else I could not buy any more of him—he asked me if I would give him something to drink, and I gave him some gin—I did not see him again till he was in custody—I had the cow killed the same morning, and the hide was sent to market on Monday or Tuesday, I do not know which, but it was sold on Tuesday.

Cross-examined. Q. I suppose you have frequent opportunities of see ing cows? A. Yes, I slaughter a great many—it is a very common thing for the two fore-teats to be larger than the others.





WILLIAM BRADLEY
. I work for Mr. Gardener, a hide and skin sales man, in High-street, Aldgate. I remember fetching away some skins from Mr. Lathbury's on Monday and Tuesday, about the 12th of June—I know this to be one of the hides—it was sold on the Tuesday to Mr. Patience, a tanner—I made a private mark on it myself—I saw it again at Lambeth street, and knew it at once—here is the mark I put on it—it is an L.—Mr. Gotts came on the Thursday.

Cross-examined. Q. Has your master other customers whose names begin with L? A. Yes, they would also have L on their hides; but I mark them in a different manner—I am sure this came from Lathbury—I have a private mark here besides.





WILLIAM WALLIS

re-examined. I have looked at the skin, and know it to be the skin of my master's cow.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you mean to swear to that skin? A. Yes—it was wet and fresh when I saw it at Lambeth-street—I am certain of it from having seen it before—I know it now by the mark on it—it has got white marks on it like master's, and I know the teats as well.





MARK GOTTS
. I am a farmer, and live at Bulpham, about twenty-four miles from London. I missed my cow on the Saturday—on the following Wednesday I came to London, and went with Shelswell, the officer, to dif ferent places in search of it—on the Thursday we went with Lathbury to the skin-market, to Gardener's, and then to Patience's tan-yard, where we found the skin produced—it was taken up out of a pit, and the lime washed off—I

examined it, and it was the skin of my brindled cow—I found the horns in the yard, by themselves.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—Recommended to mercy, being respectably connected.

—


Transported for Life.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

