



2402. 




WILLIAM GARDNER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of May, 2 beds, value 1l. 10s.; 1 rug, value 2s.; and 6 blankets, value 12s.; the goods of 



George Marshall: 1 pillow, value 5s.; and 1 pillow-case, value 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas Dare: 1 pillow, value 5s.; 1 pillow case, value 6d.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 1s.; and 1 coat, value 4s.; the goods of 



Charles Downes, in a certain barge upon the navigable river Thames.






JOHN HANSLOW
 (police-constable T 172.) On the morning of the 22nd of May I was on duty at Old Brentford, and saw the prisoner near Drum-lane, with a sack containing some of the property stated—before I opened it, I asked what he had got in it—he said his bedding—I asked where he came from—he said, "From Mr. Eaton's barge, lying at the Ferry at Old Brentford"—a man named Moles was in his company—he had a bed, a rug, two blinds, a pillow, and a great-coat—they were allowed to go at the time owing to the account they gave—on the following day the prosecutor came to the station-house—I afterwards found the same property in the house of a person named Weedon, in the Back-lane, Old Brentford—the prisoner was not there—I apprehended him in a barge at Battersea, I think on the 16th of August—I have the things here—I am sure they are the same they had by the marks.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. What time in the morning was this? A. The clock had just struck one—Moles was carrying a bundle—both of them said they had their bedding—Moles said it was his bedding—he was tried last sessions, the property being found at the house which he resorted to—the prisoner and he were always together, and they were always resorting to the house where the property was found—I have seen the prisoner go down to the house—I have not seen him in the house—I have seen him and Moles going in that direction.





THOMAS DARE
. I am a bargeman, and live at Godalming. I do not know the prisoner—he was not employed on any barge of ours—I know this property—these blankets, the two beds, and the rug, are Mr. George Marshall's—one pillow and pillow-case belong to me, and the trowsers and coat are Charles Downes's—they were all on board the barge on the Thames at Brentford when I left her on the 21st of May—I missed them on the 22nd.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you know Moles? A. No—I have made no inquiry about him.





CHARLES DOWNES
. One pillow and case are mine, and the trowsers and coat also.




GUILTY
. * Aged 19. 


Transported for Ten Years.
