



1525. 




JOHN BURLISON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
20th of May, 1 wine-label and chain, value 8s., the goods of the 



Honourable Haariet Grimstone.






JAMES DREW
. I am butler to the Honourable Harriet Grimstone, who lives in Upper Grosvenor-street. On the 20th of May this wine label and chain hung on a nail in the pantry, down stairs—I lost a pocket handkerchief, which was safe in the pantry at one o'clock—I did not miss the label till past ten o'clock, when I was putting the plate away; and a pair of plated sugar-tongs were taken out of the housekeeper's closet.





HENRY HARWOOD
. I am footman to the Honourable Harriet Grjmstonc I remember, on the 20th of May, seeing the prisoner come down the area steps, about twenty minutes past one o'clock—he was dressed as. he is now—I thought he was one of the trades-people that serve the house

he was in the house for three or four minutes—I saw him go out again very deliberately—I took no further notice of it—I am sure he was the same person—he had a white apron on, tucked up at one corner.

Cross-examined. Q. What were you about? A. Sitting at the dinner-table—there were ten or twelve people there—I was not talking with any of the others—I was looking at the window—I saw the prisoner open the gate, and come down very deliberately, as one of the trades-people—I saw him again in three or four minutes, going back up the area steps—this was on Saturday, and I saw him again on the following Tuesday.





WILLIAM HORSFORD
. I am constable to the Mendicity Society. I saw the prisoner that day, about a quarter to two o'clock, go down the area, No. 1, Seymour-street—he was dressed in this white apron, with the corner drawn on one side—he was not gone an instant—he then came up, and went to No. 10, and went down—I followed directly, and went and called to the servants, we went to the pantry, and there found the prisoner—I searched him, and found this label and other things on him—this was concealed in the belt he had on—this spoon was bent, and fixed in the belt, and this silver watch in his fob—he said he would get me 20. if I would let him go.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he begin to cry? A. He did—I took 6s. 6d. from him—I have found no owner for the watch.





JAMES DREW
. This is the label I missed that day.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you any mark upon it? A. No—it is a claret label—there were four, and the claret one was missing—I know it by having it through my hands so many times—I have been there these eight years—I saw it at one o'clock—the lady's name is the Honourable Miss Harriet Grimstone—she signs my book in that name.
(Thomas Anderson, a green-grocer, and Sarah Tidmarsh, of Kensington Gravel-pits, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
 Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
