



252. 




ELIZABETH CASEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
3rd of December, 1 watch, value 2l., the goods of 



William Thomas, from his person.






WILLIAM THOMAS
. I am a clerk. On the 3rd of December, a little before eleven o'clock at night, I was in the East India-road—the prisoner came up under the pretence of begging for a few halfpence—I stood and felt my pocket—I said, "I do not think I have any halfpence"—we stood one or two minutes—she kept on talking—I then went away—she followed me a little distance—I then went on my road home, and when I came to the first lamp, I went to look at my watch, and missed it.

Q. What were you talking about? A. She wanted me to go home with her—I said I should do nothing of the kind—I then walked on, and she walked a little distance close to my arm, and when we got to the first

lamp, I missed my watch, when I was going to look what it was o'clock—the ribbon appeared to be broken—this is my watch—I had seen it at a quarter before ten o'clock.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You would have had the Jury believe that you only had conversation about some halfpence; do not you know you were sworn to tell the whole truth? A. I understood I was to wait till I was asked—the prisoner was alone—I had been at a friend's house—I was not the worse for liquor—I did not ask to go home with the prisoner—I did not say I had no money, and that she might have the watch till I came back at twelve o'clock; nor that I would go with her, but I had no money—I saw her again at the station-house—I might have seen her before, but had no knowledge of her—I was talking with her a few minutes in the open street—I think there was some person passed—as I was in the act of parting with her, I told her I should not go with her, as I was going home—the person coming up might have hurried me quicker—I might have stopped longer—we were close together—she stood by my side—she caught hold of my arm—she did nothing to me—I was not in fear of any particular person—I think it was a woman passed; I did not notice.





HENRY HOULTON
 (police-serjeant K 2.) I saw the prosecutor on the 3rd of December, and, from his communication, I found the prisoner—I found this watch in her bosom—it was a few minutes before one o'clock.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you find her? A. In High-street, Poplar—she did not tell me where the watch was—she said it was left with her for 6s., and before the magistrate she said it was left with her for half-a-crown.





WILLIAM THOMAS

re-examined. I did not leave her the watch in any way for any sum of money—I was not aware she had it till I got to the lamp.

Prisoner's Defence. He left me the watch for half-a-crown.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
