





828. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     HARVEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 14th of March
, 1 watch, value 3l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Brooks
                        




                     
                  , well knowing it to have been stolen
            .
WILLIAM BROOKS. I live with Mr. Shillitoe, at Tottenham. On the 14th of March I lived at Laytonstone - I came to town that day, and at eleven o'clock at night, I fell in with two women, who asked me for something to drink; I said I had no objection to give something, but I did not like to go to a public-house so late at night - they said I could go to their apartment; I went with them, and sat down, and being very much fatigued, I fell asleep between eleven and twelve o'clock - I then had 1l. 15s. about me, and my watch; I awoke, I should think, a little after twelve o'clock - my watch was gone, and the two women also; this was on Monday night - I walked down stairs, and stood at the door till I saw a constable; I told him what had happened - I had not given the girls any thing; the constable told me to stand at the door while he got a light - we then went up stairs, and found the prisoner in bed in another room, not above six or seven steps from the room I had been in; she appeared to be asleep when we went in, but I believe she was awake - the constable said he never meddled with any bed clothes, but he looked round the room, and saw nothing - she was taken afterwards, but I was not in London then.


                  THOMAS 
                  CARMAN
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was called in by a pawnbroker on the 15th of March, to take the prisoner, who was offering this watch - I asked her who gave it her; she told me her husband; but in less than five minutes she said she had no husband, but that her sister's husband gave it her.
GEORGE GILES. I am a pawnbroker in the Commercial-road. On the 15th of March the prisoner came in with this watch, about twenty minutes before eight o'clock- I looked at her, and asked some question, to which she gave me very unsatisfactory answers; she first said she brought it from one person, and then another; I sent for the officer, and gave her in charge - I advertised the watch twice, and the owner came forward.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the habit of cleaning and doing for this woman, and she told me if I found her door open to lock it and take out the key; I went into the room that night, turned down the bed, and there was the watch; I took it away, and did not hear any thing of it till the next day - my place was not safe to keep such a thing, and I took it to pawn; the gentleman must have been in bed with one of them, or his watch could not have been under the bolster.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 47. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
