



994. 




WILLIAM MEADOWS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of February, 1 box of water-colours, value 35s.; and 2 drawings and frames, value 5l.; the goods of 



Rudolph Ackermann, his master.






RICHARD WOODROUFFE
. I am foreman to Mr. Rudolph Ackermans, of Regent-street, a print-seller and water-colour-manufacturer. The prisoner has been two years or more a colour-grinder in his employ—he was an upholsterer before we took him—property has been missed at different times—this is Mr. Ackermann's box of colours—there is a label inside the box by which I know it—I suspected the prisoner, in consequence of which I got an officer—we went to the prisoner's lodgings on the 16th of March—I found him there in bed—I found some things there, but did not give him in charge, as they were too trifling—I immediately went to different pawnbrokers, and found several boxes of water-colours, pawned by a person answering the description of the prisoner—in tracing them, I also found boxes belonging to Ackermann and Co., in the Strand—I told the prisoner I had found some boxes of water-colours at different pawnbroker's, but this box was found afterwards, at Mr. Richard's a pawnbroker, and these water-colour drawings and frames were pledged at the same pawnbroker's on the same date, and in the same name—it is my employer's.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. When can you say you had seen these safe? A. I cannot say when I had seen the box—I had seen the pictures about six weeks before I went to the pawnbroker, in the window—my master employs fifteen men, three of them serve in the shop—I will swear these have not been sold—if they had, I should have noticed it at night, when I arranged the till book—I never gave the prisoner any prints.

COURT. Q. I believe, as foreman, it is your duty to be particular attentive to the stock in the shop? A. Yes; and to keep an account of the sales.





GEORGE STONE
 (police-sergeant C 2.) I went with the witness to the prisoner's lodging—he told him there had been some property missed at his master's, and asked if he had any objection to his looking round the room—he said, "Not in the least"—we looked, and found seven small prints, but they are not in this indictment.





WILLIAM BAYMER PYATT
. I am a pawnbroker, in the employ of Mr. Richards. I took in these two prints and this box of colours of the prisoner, in the name of John Morison.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you remember when? A. It was on Saturday night.

(Edward Haycock, a glover, in Cockspur-street, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 28.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.




Transported for Seven Years.
