





388. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BROWN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               receiving, on the 30th of January
, 2 tame pheasants, value 2l., of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Shard
                        




                     
                  , well knowing them to be stolen
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  HOWARD
               



            . I am gardener to Charles Shard, Esq
., of Hatcherley-park - he keeps pheasants; and some of them are silver ones - I have the care of them - I missed two silver pheasants on the morning of the 30th of January, which I had seen safe at eight o'clock the night before in the pleasure-ground in front of the house - they were tame birds, and would feed out of my hand - I came to London on the 1st of February, and saw the two pheasants at the office - I could swear they are my master's - these are them - this young one I brought up; and the other I had an accident with, and broke its pinion.


                  RICHARD 
                  STACEY
               



            . I drive the Bristol Mail - on the night of the 29th of January I was stopped by a person at Salt-hill, about five miles from Hatcherley-park - he gave a bag to the guard, and said he must take care of it, as there were a couple of live pheasants in it; and I understood him to say they were going to the Post-office; but the direction is near the Post-office - when we came a little nearer town, another man gave me a basket, which he said contained pork, and it was to go near the New Post-office - when I came to Lad-lane I looked at the two directions, and they were both alike, "For Mr. Brown; to be left at the Nottingham Castle, near the New Post-office, London"- the bag was opened, and it contained two live pheasants, and the basket nineteen fowls, which were not picked; and some of them were warm - I packed them up again, and sent them by a porter as directed; and I and an officer went and watched them - the prisoner came, and had them, and was taken.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FOWLER
               



            . I am a porter - I took the bag and basket to the Nottingham Castle, Angel-street.


                  JOHN 
                  HEAPS
               



            . I am landlord of the Nottingham Castle- the bag and basket were brought to my house - the porter demanded four shillings for the carriage, which I paid - the prisoner afterwards came, and asked if there was anything left in the name of Brown - I said "Yes, and I had paid four shillings carriage" - he gave me the four shillings; and I called my lad to give him the bag and basket - he opened the bag, and borrowed a basket to put the pheasants in - I knew him, and have employed him as a porter.


                  ROBERT 
                  TYRRELL
               



            . I am an officer - on the morning of the 30th of January I was sent for to the Swan with Two Necks, Lad-lane - I saw the bag and basket - I told the porter to deliver them as they were directed - I went with the coachman and waited - I saw the prisoner go by- he knew me; and I kept at a distance, and went into a house - I saw the prisoner go into the public-house, and come out with a basket - I stopped him, and asked what he had got - he said, "Two birds" - I looked in and saw these two pheasants - he said he was to take them to the Ship, in Ivy-lane, Newgate-street, and he was to meet a person there - I took him back to the Nottingham Castle, where I found the basket of fowls - I found the tickets of the carriage, and the direction which had been on the pheasants, in his pocket.
Prisoner's Defence (written)."About three weeks ago a man came to me about six o'clock on a Thursday morning, who had the appearance of a salesman, and whom I had often seen waiting near the Post-office, and who was sometimes attended with a market-porter till the mail-coaches came in, when he takes some baskets from the coaches, and proceeds up Newgate-street with them - he said he might give me a job now and then; for he said he had a horse and cart standing in Newgate-street, and that he had business in the market which prevented him from always waiting till the coaches came in - he then told me that whenever any of his baskets should come, and he not be there, there would be a direction on them for Mr. Brown, to be left at the Nottingham Castle till called for; but that I was to take them to the Ship public-house, where I should see him, and if there should be any live birds at any time, I was to get a flat and put them in, so that they should not be hurt - he told me that he had sent an order into thecountry, and he expected some five birds on the abovenamed day, that I was to bring them to him, and he would give me sixpence for my trouble - accordingly, there was a basket and a bag came by the Bristol coach about nine o'clock, directed as above - the bag contained two live birds, which I took from the bag and put into a basket, as I had been directed; but I did not know what was in the basket - I left the basket at the public-house, and was taking the live birds to the Ship, when I was stopped in Butcher-hall-lane by the officer and two more men, who asked me if I had not another basket - I told him yes; but I had left it at the public-house, as I could not bring them both at once, being so heavy - they then took me back to the public-house, when I told them, if they would go with me to the Ship they would see the man, which they refused.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 59. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
There was another indictment against the prisoner.
