




177. 




ELIZABETH BULL
 and 




ROSETTA STOLLERY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
20th of November, 8 shillings, the monies of 



John Langin.






JOHN LANGIN
. I am a Smithfield drover. On Tuesday, the 19th of November, I met the prisoners (I had seen Bull before)—I gave them something to drink at Cow-cross—I had ten shillings loose in my pocket—I spent some of it in treating them—we then went to another house in Holborn—they asked me there to treat them again, and I did to six pennyworth more rum—I had then 8s. left—Bull then asked me if I would allow her to wrap up my money in a bit of rag—I gave it her, and saw her wrap up some money, which I thought was mine, and I replaced it in my pocket—we then walked as far as the end of George-street, St. Giles's, and on leaving them there I found I had seven farthings and one halfpenny, in place of my 8s.—I immediately ran back to the end of George-street, and round the corner I saw them actually dividing the money—I accused Bull of giving me seven farthings and a halfpenny in place of my 8s.—she said, "I wrapped it up and gave it you"—she ran across the street—I called the policeman and gave her into custody—I then ran after Stollery, who bad run away—she was taken—six shillings and a halfpenny were found on her, and two shillings on Bull.

Bull. When you saw me first you asked me for a bundle you had left at the soup shop or else in Farringdon-street—Stollery saw a man with a bundle outside—she asked him where he got it—he said he picked it up, and she said, "I know a poor fellow who has lost it"—he gave it her—she brought it in, and there was a shirt and a handkerchief in it, and you said it had cost you eight pots of beer to get it. Witness. No—I said it had cost me one pot—Stollery brought the things in.

Stollery. I did not have any of your money—I stood aside when you went with this woman, and was to give her 2s.—you left us at the corner, and told us not to go away. Witness. I deny all that—I did not strike them—I gave them in custody, and Stollery was in the act of swallowing the money when she was taken.





JOHN WELLS
. I am a policeman. About half-past one o'clock in the morning of the 20th of November I heard a cry of "Police" in Broad-street, St. Giles's—I ran and found the prosecutor and the prisoners—he said they had robbed him of 8s.—I saw Stollery running across the road—I took her and said, "Where is the man's money?"—she said she knew nothing of it—I put my hand up to her throat, and she spat out two shillings and a halfpenny—I kept my hand to her mouth till we got to the station-house, and then found four shillings more in her mouth.





GEORGE DOWNER
. I am a policeman. I took Bull—she had only 2s.

Stollery's Defence. The money I had was my own—my husband works very hard in Thames-street—I know nothing about the prosecutor's money.

BULL—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.

STOLLERY—


GUILTY
. Aged 28.




Transported for Seven Years.
