




2379. 




MILLICENT ABLETHORP
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
17th of September, 1 sovereign, 1 half-sovereign, 1 crown, 1 half-crown 3 shillings, 4 sixpences, 4 pence, and 3 halfpence, the monies of 



Alexander Copland Hutchison, her master.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






MRS. SUSANNAH HUTCHISON
. I am the wife of Alexander Copland Hutchison, a surgeon in Wimpole-street, Cavendish-square. The prisoner was in our service as cook for nine months—I was in the habit of handing to her from week to week, small sums of money to pay the weekly bills—she absconded last Wednesday week without giving me any notice—she was to have left on the Saturday on my warning—I called on my tradesmen, and discovered that a trick had been practised on me, and on my return found she was gone—here is a memorandum made on a bill in my hand-writing, which furnishes me with the means of knowing what I gave her on the 17th of September—it was two sovereigns, and three shillings, to pay the weekly bills, amounting to 2l. 2s. 11 1/2 d.—she afterwards produced to me the bills which I have here as having been paid with that-money, together with some small items in her own book, making up the money—I find the butcher's bill, amounting to 17s. 6d., has been paid—I know nothing of the others.





WILLIAM WOODMAN
. I am a cow-keeper and dairyman, and live in High-street, Marylebone. I served Mr. Hutchison with milk—the prisoner never paid me this bill of 4s. 3 1/2 d.—I know nothing of this receipt to it—it has never been paid—the words "Paid, William Woodman" are not my writing.





WILLIAM FREW
. I was baker to Mr. Hutchison's family for a short time. This bill of 5s. 1d., signed "Paid, S. Frew," is not my writing—I never received the money—the bill was never made out by my establishment at all.

MRS. HUTCHISON
re-examined. I do not know whether this is the prisoner's writing—I received a good character with her.





RALPH ORMSTON
. I am in the service of William Walker, a cheesemonger and butterman, in High-street, Marylebone. I supplied Mr. Hutchison with articles—I have nobody in my employ named Jones—here is written at the bottom of this bill of 4s. 6 1/2 d. "Paid, J. Jones"—that is not my writing, nor my master's, nor anybody's in our establishment—the bill was never. paid.




GUILTY. Aged 30.—Recommended to mercy by the Prpsecutrix—



Transported for Seven Years.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Justice Williams.
