



1941. 




ROBERT WILSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
7th of September, 1 hat, valuse 10s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 1s.; 2 half-crowns, 4 shillings, and a sixpence; the goods and monies of 



Joseph Henry Ellis, from his person.






JOSEPH HENRY ELLIS
. I am a shoe—maker, and live in Queen-court, Suffolk-street, Blackfriars. I was on Blackfriars'-bridge about half-past two o'clock in the morning of the 17th of September—I had been to see my father-in-law—I was perfectly sober—being tired, I stopped on the bridge, and sat down in a recess, as my boot hurt my foot—I was learning my head on my hand—I had passed the prisoner in Chatham—place, with a young woman—and in about two minutes after, I sat down, he came up with the young woman—he went about half—way by the recess, them stop ped, and said something to the young woman, and directly pushed right over me—he held my arm up, and took my money from my pocket—I had about sixteen shillings, but I have called it ten shillings—there were two half-crowns, and the rest in shillings, and one sixpence—he took my had and gloves which were in my hat, and ran away with them—as soon as I could get up I struck him, and took my hat from him—he ran off with the gloves and money—I pursued, crying "Stop thief"—he ran towards the City into Water-street, through Crown—court—he turned round three of four times in a fighting attitude, to prevent my following him, but I still followed him, and saw a watchman at the end of the court—I collared him, and gave him in charge—he ran very quick—he gave me the gloves then—I described my money to the watchman—two half—crowns and some small silver was found on him—I lost about sixpence in copper.





JOHN THOMAS
. I am a watchman of St. Bride's. I heard somebody run through the alley very swiftly, and stopped the prisoner—whether I or the prosecutor took hold of him first, I do not know—he gave him the gloves, and sid, "Here are your gloves, if they are yours take them"—the prosecutor was quite sober.

Prisoner. Q. Did I give the gloves in your presence? A. Yes: just as I collared you.





WILLIAM MARTIN
. I searched the prisoner at the station-house—I found 2 half crowns, 2 shillings, a sixpence, 10 pence, and 9 halfpence, on him.

Prisoner. I picked up his had and gave it to him, and he thanked me.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
