





391. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KITTERIDGE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of December
, 1 gold-earing, value 18d.; 1 box, value 6d.; 1 pair of pattens, value 1s.; 1 bottle, value 1d.; 1 umbrella, value 1s., and 6 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Andrews
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .
ANN ANDREWS. I am a widow
. On the 27th of December I was on the road to Hackney, near Shoreditch


 - Ihave an allowance of 2s. a week from the parish, and earn a little besides; it was a foggy night, and it might be between eight and nine o'clock in the evening - I was going to Hackney where I live, a young woman came to my side, and said, "Were are you going?" she was a stranger - I said I was going near the old church Hackney; she said,"I am going that way, take hold of my arm:" I was very tired, and very glad to take hold of her arm - she led me a good distance; the prisoner came up and spoke to her, and then came to my side: I had this property about me- I felt his arm go down me; he started away from me, then laughed at the young woman, and went away; I saw nothing more of him - when I got a little further, I asked the young woman to go in and take some refreshment; she refused, but she went into the public-house in Hackney-road, called for some gin; and when I put my hand to my pocket, my bottle was gone, and my money, which had been on the side the prisoner came on; I had felt his arm go down me- I came out of the house very much alarmed; I called a coach which was going by, and went home - I mentioned it to nobody but the young woman; I said, "I am robbed I" and caught hold of her, but she snatched herself away, and ran out - the coachman put me down by the old church; I paid the man what halfpence I had, and missed my pattens, which I had put down just before me, and I then found the prisoner close to me - I said, "Where is my pattens?" he said, "It is the rogue of a Policeman has got your pattens;" I said, "Nobody was near me but you, and it must be you:" he then dragged me along till the Policeman came to my assistance - I lost 6s., my umbrella, pattens, a little box, with five duplicates in it, and a gold ear-ring which was in the box.


                  THOMAS 
                  MEREDITH
               



            . I am a Policeman. About half-past nine o'clock on the 27th of December, I was near the station-house, at Hackney - I heard a talking and noise; I proceeded to the spot; I knew the prisoner's voice, and as soon as I got there, the prosecutrix said she had lost her pattens and umbrella - I stood there some minutes; she was talking with the prisoner; my inspector was there - he searched the prisoner's jacket, but seemed satisfied, and went away; I began to talk to the prosecutrix - I asked her where she lived - the prisoner insisted on her going with him, saying he would see her home; I told him to go away, and I would see her home - he would not, and we had a scuffle - one of my brother officers came and we took him to the station-house; one of my brother officers saw the bottle drop from him - the prosecutrix did not appear to be in liquor.


                  JOHN 
                  SHORTHOUSE
               



            . I am a Policeman. About half-past nine o'clock, I was at the station-house door and heard a dispute between the prisoner and my brother officer; I went towards them and saw him strike my brother officer; I took him into custody, and I saw this bottle drop from his person; it contained rum I believe.


                  ANN 
                  ANDREWS
               



            . I took this bottle to get some eye-water - there is rum in it now - I saw nothing of the prisoner from the time he went from my side, till I got off the coach; he did not go in the coach with me - a person asked me to drink a drop of something; I said I could not, and as I had not got the eyewater, I put the rum into the bottle, and put it into my pocket, with my money, and little box - I am sure the prisoner took them all; I had felt my money and the bottle all safe in my pocket before the prisoner came up; I lost it in Hackney-road, near to Shoreditch.


                  JOHN 
                  BEDFORD
               



            . I am an inspector of Police. On the evening in question, I was going on particular business, and found the prosecutrix and the prisoner in the street; she said she had lost her pattens and umbrella; I stood for a moment; the prisoner knew me very well, and I knew him; and as his short jacket pocket was rather bulky, I came round to him and said, "What have you got here?" he said, "The pattens" - and took out this bottle; I searched for the pattens, but could not find them - he began to be rather abusive, and being particularly engaged at that moment, I left him, and the other officers came up.
Prisoner's Defence." I can prove I was at the Mermaid-tap, from ten o'clock in the morning, till nine in the evening.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I live with Mr. Wicks, at the Old Mermaid, at Hackney. On Thursday, the 27th, the prisoner came there between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, and was there till between nine and ten at night - he was drinking all day in the tap-room - he is a bricklayer's labourer; our house is about two miles from Shoreditch; I was in the house all day almost; I am the pot-boy - I go out with beer - I keep no account at what hour people go out and come in; I cannot tell who was there on the 26th.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
