






2440. 
               
                  
                     JULIA 
                     DWYER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ESTHER 
                     PAGE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of October
, 2 sheets, value 12s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Matthias 
                           Spooner
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 gown, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Eliza 
                           Smith
                        



.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MATTHIAS SPOONER
               



            . I live in Bath-place, New-road


. On Wednesday night, the 3rd of October, when I went to bed, my house was all safe - Smith
, my servant, alarmed me at seven o'clock in the morning, and property amounting to 4l. or 5l. was stolen; the sheets had been washed and laid in a basket in the kitchen, with the other linen - I knew nothing of the prisoners; I went down on hearing the alarm, and found the premises had been forcibly entered, the kitchen in confusion, the linen tumbled about, and the drawers and every placerifled - I went and gave information at the station-house, and was informed the prisoners had been stopped in another district; and at eleven o'clock I saw my property at the office.


                  ELIZA 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's employ. I got up at seven o'clock in the morning, and on opening the parlour shutters saw a shirt and tablecloth in the garden - they were in the kitchen the night before, in a basket of linen ready for the mangle; I missed two sheets and my gown, which I found at the office that morning - two doors had been forced open, the frame and all forced in.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  DAVID 
                  LAING
               



            . I am a Policeman. I stopped the prisoners at a quarter to one o'clock in the morning, walking arm-in-arm, in Fitzroy-street, about one hundred yards from the prosecutor's - I asked twice what they had got; Dwyer said, "I have got some things;" I said, "What things?" she said, "Some things which belong to the other girl's mother;" I opened her apron, and found two damp sheets, and on Page I found two gowns: I found no housebreaking implements on them.
Dwyer's Defence. I am an unfortunate girl, and knew this girl by buying oysters of her; we walked together-I saw this parcel, and took it up.
Page's Defence. I met her - she said she was could and hungry; I got her some victuals, and, as we walked along, picked the bundle up.
Page received a good character.
DWYER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PAGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.




               Confined Three Months
            .
