






603. 
               
                  DAVID 
                  FIELD
               





             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of February

, 3 blankets, value 2l., and 1 pillow-case, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Adkins
               





            .


                  HARRIET 
                  ADKINS
               



            . I am the wife of James Adkins, of No. 2, Silver-street, Stepney



. On the Saturday before Shrove Tuesday, the prisoner hired a lodging of us - he said it was for himself and his partner, but his partner never came - the prisoner slept there that night, and continued to do so till he went away at seven o'clock in the morning of Shrove Tuesday - he had not paid any rent - I then missed these articles - I have never seen them since.
JURY. Q. Did you shut the door after him when he came in? A. Yes; his own room, and the street door too.
Prisoner's Defence. I never saw this woman in my life.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
604. DAVID FIELD was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of March

, 2 handkerchiefs, value 1s.; 1 shuttle, value 1s.; 1 pair of shears, value 6d.; and 10 caps, value 1s. 6d.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Newlan
               



            .
ELIZABETH NEWLAN. The prisoner came to my house to work, on the 26th of March - he remained three or four hours, and then said he was going home to tea - I then missed the articles stated.


                  JOHN 
                  POCOCK
               



             (police-constable K 135). I took the prisoner - I found this handkerchief on his neck, and this in his pocket - I found the duplicate of this shuttle and pair of shears on him - he at first said his wife had got the caps, and then he said he had sold them in Petticoat-lane - I had heard of Mrs. Adkins's robbery - I informed her, she came to the station-house, and identified him.
Prisoner. I am guilty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
