



1420. 




EDWARD THORN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of June, at 
Allhallows-on-the-wall, 2 yards of woollen cloth, value 1l. ✗; and 55 yards of kerseymere, value 18l.; the goods of 



John Sutton, in his dwelling-house.






JOHN SUTTON
. I am a tailor, and live in Little Bell-alley, in the parish of ✗, London wall. On the 7th of June about a quarter pass four o'clock, I was in an adjoining room, speaking to a gentleman, andheard something from fall from a shelf—I went into the shop, and—saw of cotton roll had fallen down, but did not think to look if anything had been

taken—I thought nothing about it then, but in about half an hour policean came and asked if I had lost any cloth—I found I had—✗, with a roll of kerseymere and cloth which are mine—here are forty-two yards of kerseymere, worth about 15/., and this cloth is worth about 5l.—they are both my property—I know nothing of the prisoner.





RICHARD SAVAGE
. I am a City police-constable. On the day in ques-tion I saw the prisoner come out of Great Bell-alley, about twenty yards from the prosecutor's, carrying a large piece of cloth, and a small twenty yards from the prosecutor's, carrying a large piece of cloth, and a small piece of ✗—I suspected him, and followed him to the side of ✗ by the Catholic Chapel—I saw two men get before him, who saw me, and ech dropped a small piece of the goods, and ran away—they made their escape, one down Long-alley, and the other down a passage—I secured the prisoner.





JOHN HANSFORD
. I am the City toll-collector. I was in Liverpool-street, and saw the policeman secure the prisoner—I took the large roll of cloth, and a small piece, off his shoulder.

Prisoner's Defence. I was walking along; out of work, by King William-street, and two men tapped me on the shoulder, and asked if I wanted a job—I said, "Yes"—they said, "Follow us"—we came down Bell-alley—they told me to wait at the butcher's shop, and in about five minutes they brought the cloth down and said, if I would carry it to the first cab stand, they would give me a shilling—when I got there they said, "It was not worth while to have a cab; we are so near home, cary it on, and we will give you 6d. more"—when the policeman tapped me on the shoulder they ran away.




GUILTY
. aged 22.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Pattesm.

