





Third Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
824. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     KNIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           King
                        



                     
                  , on the 2nd of May
, at St. Luke, Chelsea, and stealing therein 1 shirt, value 4s.; 3 caps, value 1s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 2d.; 2 pieces of netting, value 3d.; and 41/4d. in copper monies, his property; and 1 waistcoat, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph 
                           Powell
                        



.


                  THOMAS 
                  KING
               



            . I lodge in Mr. Powell's house, in the parish of St. Luke, Chelsea


. My wife and family live in the house, and my landlord's two sons - Powell lives at Isleworth, but his sons occupy a room in the house - I only rent two rooms, but have the range of all the house - his sons were living there at the time - one is eight years old, and the other two years old - they do not pay rent to me - they are placed there by their father - on the 2nd of May, at four o'clock in the morning, I heard a noise down stairs - I jumped up in bed - I heard the shutters opened, and the front door broken open - I went down stairs, and found the front door about three inches open, and the prisoner's shoes about four feet from the door, and a small parcel by them - I saw the glimpse of a person running from the kitchen - I caught him behind the door, and said, "Halloo, what are you doing here?" - he said he had only come in for two or three hours' sleep - I had bolted and locked the door the night before - I lost a sheet off the line in the kitchen, where it hung to dry; three caps out of another room; two small handkerchiefs, and fourpence farthing in copper - I have not seen the money since - I detained him, and gave him in charge - he was without shoes, and afterwards put on the shoes which I found - he had got in at the front parlour window, which I found half-way-down, and which had been shut overnight, but not fastened.
Prisoner. Q. What articles had I in my possession?A. When he was apprehended, the three caps were found in his hat - when he was searched at Kensington, he asked me if I could fight, and so on - three caps, two small handkerchiefs, and a waistcoat of Powell's son's, were found in his hat at Kensington - the shirt was found on a chair by his side - I believe this is my wife's cap - I can swear to the shirt.


                  SARAH 
                  KING
               



            . I am the wife of Thomas King. I know all these things - they are all mine except the cap, which belongs to my daughter - I recollect the alarm being given, and the prisoner being taken.


                  JOSEPH 
                  POWELL
               



            . I am a son of the landlord of the house - this waistcoat is mine - I was not in the house at the time - I have two brothers there, and some clothes on the premises.


                  JOHN 
                  PORTSMOUTH
               



             (police-constable T 104). I got the articles which I have produced when I took the prisoner to the station-house - I found the waistcoat, three caps, a small handkerchief, and two pieces of lace in his hat - he owned himself guilty to me - I said nothing to induce him to confess - I found 103/4d. on him - he did not seem at all in liquor.
Prisoner's Defence. I do not consider myself guilty of the crime laid to my charge - two persons, particularly one, has sworn false, for I never had the articles in my possession - I can safely say as a man, in the face of the Almighty, I never committed an offence before in my life - I have been in His Majesty's service some years, and in the young Queen of Portugal's - I wrote a publication in my name, "Thomas Knight, lately a corporal in the British battalion."




               GUILTY of Stealing only
            . Aged 43.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
