




55. 



SARAH SQUARE, alias
 Bowling,

 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
25th of October, at 
Paddington, 4 forks, value 2l. 12s.; 11 spoons, value 7l. 10s.; 3 ladles, value 4l. 10s.; 1 tea-pot, value 7,; 1 tea-pot stand, value 10s.; 1 mug, value 5l.; 1 sugar-sifter, value 1l.; 1 neck-chain value 2l.; 1 pair of ear-rings value 10s.; 3 rings value 1l. 10s.; 1 pair of shoe-clasps, value 5s.; 1 pair of buckles, value 5s.; 2 necklaces, value 9s.; 2 fruit-knives, value 7s.; 1 locked, value 3s.; beads, value 2s.; 2 shirts, value 1l.; 1 purse value 6s.; and 1 foreign silver coin, value 1s. 6d: the good of 



Francis Roe, in the dwelling-house of 



Joseph Brahman; and 




JOHN BOWLING
 was indicted for

 feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statute, &c.—2nd COUNT, for receiving them of an evil-disposed person.







HARRIET ROE
. I am the wife of Francis Roe, and live in Cambridge-street, in the parish of Paddington. We lodge in the house of Joseph Braham, and had lodged there six months—the female prisoner was one of the servants there all that time—the lodgings were furnished; but we had various things of our own there. On the 27th of October, I missed about 50l. worth of plate, all at once—It was kept in a truck in my bed-room—I generally kept the trunk locked—I found it unlocked, and on examining it, I missed the property—I cannot positively say I had left it locked, but always considered it was locked—I have since seen a fish-knife, and some table-spoons, some dessert-spoons, and some tea-spoons, some forks, and pair of broken sugar-tongs—I am sure they were all safe on the 29th of September, nearly a month before—the prisoner made my bed, and cleaned my room constantly—I said nothing to her about it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I believe had been confined by illness? A. Only for two days—I had not examined my trunk for nearly a month—at what period during the month they may have been taken, I cannot say—they might be taken two or three things at a time—I was never in the habit of leaving my keys in my trunk, but finding it open, I imagine I had left it so—there was another servant in the house.

COURT. Q. Is there any one article which in value would have amounted to 5l? A. Yes, much more—there is a tea-pot worth quite that alone—I believe that has not been found—I had had it many years—It was given to me by my brother, who had it several years—I have been told it was worth 6l—It is not in the present fashion.





ELIZABETH BRAHAM
. I am the wife of Joseph Braham. He is the housekeeper—the house was in the parish of Paddington—the prisoner was my servant, and had so about six months—she was a sort of houses-maid—I had another servant as cook, and to attend to the family—I heard of the plate being missed, and asked the prisoner if she knew any things respecting the plate that had been missing—she at first said, no she knew nothing of it—Mr. Roe then fetched a policeman, and while he was gone I told her she had better tell the truth—she knew a policeman had been sent for—a police-officer came, and took the prisoner and the other servant away—she said something to the policeman about the cook, and she said she knew the box was open, but she had not stolen the plate—she was taken to the station-house—I a house at Hendon, and sometimes go there.





BENJAMIN BRITTAIN
. I am policeman. I went with Mr. Roe to his house about eleven o'clock at night, and took the prisoner was searched in the parlour of the cook to the station-house—the prisoner was searched in the parlour of the house by Mrs. Braham, and some other females, but nothing was produced—the prisoner never said any things about herself—she said, when she got to the

station-house, she would tell what had become of the plate, and that she had not taken it, but the cook had.





CHARLES WALTON
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Marylebone-street. I have two dessert-spoons pawned by a female about nine o'clock in the morning, on Monday, the 36th of October, in the name of Crisp—she said she came from Crisp, and her own name was Cochrane—that Crisp was a lady living in Welbeck-street—the woman who pawned them is not in custody—It was not the prisoner—when she went out of the shop she was alone—I have always said so—she joined another woman in the street—I should not have known that woman—she was about twenty yards from me when she jointed the woman—I sent a person to watch them.





FRANCIS HOE
. I am the husband of the first witness. The property lost is mine—I charged the female prisoner with robbery, before I sent for an officer.

MRS. BRAHAM. The cook's name is Barry or Barrow, not Doyle—my conversation with the prisoner was at the time Mr. Roe was gone for the policeman—I said she ought to tell me the truth—I do not know whether it was at the time Mr. Roe was gone, or after he returned—It was either while he was gone, or after he returned—I do not know that she knew he was gone for the officer—Mr. Roe was in the parlour when he said he would go for an officer—the prisoner at that time was in the kitchen—I told her the property had been lost, and nobody had been in the house but the servants, and of course Mr. Roe would fetch a policeman.





CHARLES CLARKE
. I am a policeman. I produce this property, which was found at the prisoner Bowling's lodging, on Wednesday; the 28th of October—he lodges at No. Edwards's-place—I found him there, with his children in bed, about half-past nine o'clock at night—I asked him for a bundle which his daughter had brought there—he said he had got no bundle—I said it was no use telling me, for I had watched her in, and saw her come with a blue bundle—I said so, but I had not seen it—he said he had not a bundle, and that I had better take him to the station-house if I wanted him—he wanted to get out of the room—I stopped him, and said, "Stop a bit, we must look round the room first"—Mr. Roe was with me—I minded the door, and told Mr. Roe to look about hold of a small basket, with bread and butter at the top of it, and said, "This seems very heavy, officer"—I said, "Pull out what is in it?—he said, "You had better come yourself" and he came and took care of the door—I went to the basket and found tied up in a small blue handkerchief, at the bottom of the basket, a silver fish-slice, four silver table-spoons, four dessert-spoons, two dessert-forks, and two table-forks—I the bundle and showed Mr. Roe the crest, and he said, in the prisoner's hearing's hearing, "They are my pro-pertly"—I still pursued the search the search further, and three shirts, shirts, one belonging Mr. Roe, the others on the floor, a pair of silver shoe-buckles, and three shirts one belonging to Mr. Roe, the others have been given up to Mrs. Braham—I then said, I must take the prisoner to the station-house—he kept shuffling about, I called for a light, and found on him this purse, containing two silvers fruit knives, a silver-gilt neck-chain, three finger-rings, a locket, a pair of car-rings, a silver-gilt neck-chain, three finger-rings, a locket a pair of coin, and Mr. Roe claimed all the property—I found fourteen half-sovereigns on his person, and six duplicates, four of which have been returned to him—I found him in a small back parlour, in Edwards's-place, which is a court without a thoroughfare.


Cross-examined Q. Is it a lodging-house? A. Yes.

MR. ROE. I was with the officer, his evidence is perfectly correct.

Bowling's Defence The cook of the house brought me these things.
(Martin Macklam, rope-maker of Brook-street, gave the prisoner Bowling a good character.)

BOWLING—



GUILTY on the second Count. Aged 48—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

SQUARE—


NOT GUILTY



First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

