






914. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     SHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of March
, two boxes, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Powell
                        




                     
                  , and that he had been previously convicted of felony
            .
JAMES POWELL. I live in Prince's-street, Westminser


. On the 30th of March I heard the latch of my shop-door go, as I was in my parlour; I looked into the shop and saw the prisoner walk in - my little girl went into the shop, and said "Some one will come directly," and went to ring the bell; the prisoner at that time put something in his righthand pocket, which I thought was a shell; he then said he would call again; I saw him stoop and put something into his left-hand pocket - I said Halloo, stop! he made a rush out and broke a pane of glass; I said to Mrs. Powell,"A man has run out and taken two shells in his pocket, run and call stop thief!" - in three minutes be was brought back to the shop; he said he had broken the window - I went and put my hand into his pocket, and partly pulled out a box; the officer then took him; these are my boxes - I had nothing on but my shirt and stockings at the time.


                  GEORGE 
                  CLIFFORD
               



            . I am the officer. I took the prisoner, and have the property. GUILTY.


                  ROBERT 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am an officer of St. George's, Hanover-square. I have a copy of the record of the prisoner's conviction, on the 10th of September, in the tenth year of his present Majesty's reign - I was a witness, and know he is the man. (Record read.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
