



2311. 




ABRAHAM STUBBINGS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
21st of September, 5 lbs. weight of mutton, value 3s., the goods of 



Edward Wilson Collins.


MR. ESPINASSE
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS SMITH
. I am an apprentice to Mr. Collins, of Leather-lane, a butcher. On the morning of the 21st of September I was putting out a board in front of the shop—there was some meat inside—I saw the prisoner just inside the shop while I was taking the board out—when I came into the shop again, I saw him take a shoulder of mutton, put it into a cloth, and then put it into a cart which he had at the door—he was a slaughterman to Mr. Collins, and had brought home a caroass of beef that morning—I

think he had been there about ten minutes—a man was with him, who was in the shop on the left-hand side, when he took it—I then went to my master—he looked out of window, and then came down stairs, and assisted in taking one hind-quarter of beef out of the cart—he had some conversation with the prisoner—my master afterwards took the shoulder of mutton out of the cart, and said, "It is not the first time by a good many that I have missed meat out of my shop"—he held it up to the prisoner, and asked me whether it was his property—I said, "Yes, master"—the prisoner came to the door, and said to me, "It is half a neck and a shoulder of mutton, tell him it weighs 9 1/2 lbs."

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. You saw him do it? A. Yes—I was not paying particular attention to what passed between my master and the prisoner—I had told my master of it before he found it in the cart, and he helped him to unload the cart—the prisoner and the cart went away—he has been in the habit of having things of my master now and then—he has from time to time had pieces of meat from the shop, and my master had fat in return for it—my master has had fat from him, and he has had meat—he had not sold three tongues to my master three weeks before this—the last tongues, I believe, were sold on the 23rd of May—I believe they were not paid for—there was a sort of running account—my master had tongues and fat from the prisoner and he had meat—he has been slaughter-man to my master nearly two years—this mutton was covered in a cloth, and in the straw.

COURT. Q. Was the man allowed to have meat without having it weighed? A. Certainly not—he had no authority to take it—he gave me no directions to enter it.

MR. ESPINASSE. Q. Was the prisoner's back to you when he took it? A. Yes, he said nothing to me when he took it—he did not weigh it.





EDWARD WILSON COLLINS
. On the 21st of September I gave some directions to my apprentice, as I had missed something the preceding morning—on that morning, in consequence of something the apprentice told me, I looked into the cart, and found a cloth with a shoulder of mutton in it—I had not authorised the prisoner to take it—I held it up, and said, "This is my shoulder of mutton; this is not the first joint you have taken by a great many; there was half a leg taken yesterday morning"—he said, "Well, don't prosecute me, I will pay you for that, and I will pay you for this; I will give you 100l. if you won't prosecute"—he had no authority to go and help himself to mutton.

Cross-examined. Q. He acknowledged to having taken the piece the morning before? A. Yes—to the best of my knowledge I did not owe him for any tongues—I bought three tongues of him about three months before—to the best of my recollection they were paid for—I saw him about an hour after in Smithfield—I took him because he had robbed me—I had a struggle between duty and interest—he offered me 100l. or half-a-dozen oxen, which I pleased, if I would not prosecute—I had business at Smithfield, and then I went and took him at his house—I found him there after being denied three times—I got an officer, and had him taken for the shoulder of mutton and the half-leg—they were worth 5s.—he said he would defy me to prove he meant to steal them—I never went to try to get him out of custody—there was a strong temptation—a gentleman offered me 50l.—I went to ask whether it would not be my duty to have the other man taken.





WILLIAM BART
 (police-sergeant G 1.) I took the prisoner in charge.


Cross-examined. Q. Did he not say he had dealings with the prosecutor? A. Yes—I have known him five or six years—I never knew any thing against him.
(David Leopard, butcher, Cow-cross-street; George Bowles salesman, Newgate-street; William Holloway, butcher, Peter-street, Clerkenwell; William Morris, licensed-victualler, Cow-cross-street; William Clark, musical instrument-maker, Turnmill-street, Clerkenwell; Joseph Bean tripe-dresser, Cow-cross; Thomas Goddard, grocer, Wilsden-green; Philip Read, horse-slaughterer; Michael Chippin, boot and shoemaker; Thomas Hooper, oil and colourman, No. 18, Turnmill-street;—Gracey, No. 22, Cow-cross; and John Petcher, a hackney-master, Turk's Head-yard, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 45.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.
—


Transported for Seven Years.

