



882. 




JOHN LAITE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
5th of February, 1 truss of hay, value 2s. 9d., the goods of 



Sarah Ellis.






THOMAS ELLIS
. I am in the employ of Sarah Ellis, a widow—she keeps a corn-chandler's shop in Salisbury-street, and sells hay and straw in Portman-market, which is opposite her shop. About eight o'clock on the evening of the 5th of February, I was in the shop with Wharton, and saw the prisoner coming across the street, from the market, with a truss of hay—he went down Stamford-street—I pointed him out to Whaurton, who went after him—we had thirty-two trusses in the market that evening—I went to it, and missed one, which I had seen safe at seven o'clock—Wharton brought the prisoner into the shop in about half an hour—I went to

Hale's stable, and found a truss of green meadow hay belonging to my mistress—it was part of what had been in the market—the prisoner offered to pay me if I would let him go.





WILLIAM WHARTON
. I was in the shop with Ellis—I followed the prisoner up the street into Lisson-grove, and into Queen Charlotte-mews, Stingo-lane—I asked him, at the corner of Grove-street, where he got the hay—he said he bought it at Mr. Bunce's, at the top of Capman-street, which is about a hundred and fifty yards from the market—I went to Bunce's, and in consequence of what he told me I went after the prisoner again, and stopped him—I left the bay against Hale's stable, but I afterwards found it inside the stable—it was the same hay—I knew it belonged to Mrs. Ellis from the quality and by the bands.





THOMAS HENRY THOMPSON
. I am a police-sergeant. I took the prisoner into custody—I asked him what he had done with the hay—he said it was left in Queen Charlotte-mews, where he was ordered to put it; that Mr. Hale, a butcher who lived there, gave him 2s. 9d. to go and buy it, and 2d. for himself for fetching it—I went to Hale, and asked him if he had authorised him to go for a truss of hay—he said no—he sent Taylor, his man, with me to the stable, and I found it in the stable—Taylor said he had taken it in, being wet, that it might not be spoiled—it had been raining that night—the prisoner said he bought it in Capman-street—Salisbury-street is quite out of the way from there—Taylor was taken for receiving, but was discharged.

Prisoner's Defence. Hale's man gave me 4s. 9d. to fetch a truss of hay—I fetched it, and brought it there—the man was not there—I put it down by the door, and went back with the witness to tell him where I bought it.




GUILTY
.* Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
