





2036. 
               
                  
                     JAMES DANKS 
                     DUNN
                  




               
             was indicted 


               for stealing, on the 29th of February
, at St. Matthew, Bethnal-green, 40 gold rings, value 10l., the goat of 
                     
                        
                           Dickenson 
                           Sowerby
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .

MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am foreman to Dickenson Sowerby, pawnbroker
, Brick-lane, in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green


. On the 29th of February, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was at tea in the parlour; our lad came in, and said a man wanted to look at a weddingring; I went and saw the prisoner, who said he wanted a wedding-ring to fit his little finger - I got some from the parlour, and showed him some in a paper; there were about forty - I took one out, and put the paper of rings by my arm; I said, "That is about the size you want;" it rolled along the counter, and I went to prevent its going off - he immediately snatched up the paper containing the rest from under my arm, and ran out instantly; I pursued, and caught him in the middle of the road, as he stumbled; we had a tussle two or three times - he was up and down; he screwed part of his coat up, and left part of it in my hand - two of his companions came up and knocked me down - he escaped; on the 17th of July I went with the officer to Kingsland-road, and saw the prisoner walking a match - I am quite certain he is the man; I had seen him about a week previous to the robbery, at the Crown and Shuttle, Shoreditch; the officer took him, and said, "I have caught you at last, Jemmy;" and took him to the station; I identified him immediately - I went to Worship-street with him in a coach, and a person who was with him said, "When this is all over, we will walk this match again;" he said, "I shan't walk it again, I suppose this will send me across the herring-pond."
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. When had you seen him before? A. On the 29th of February; I did not seen him again till he was apprehended - I do not know that it was publicly announced, that he was going to walk a wager, but a man came to my shop, and said Danks was going to walk a wager; I knew his name, as when I saw him at the Crown and Shuttle, the week before, he came to my shop and bought a belt, he was talking about it being a good thing to walk with, and somebody said he was Jem Danks, the walking man; and he said,"I'll run you for 100l."


                  GEORGE 
                  LEE
               



            . I was in the shop when the prisoner came in and run out with the rings; I am certain he is the man - I was standing by, writing a ticket at the time.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FARQUES
               



            . I am a dyer, and live in Phoenix-street, Spitalfields. I had seen the prisoner two or three times before the 29th of February; I heard a noise at our gate that day, went out, and heard a cry of Stop thief! I opened the gate, saw the prisoner running, and pursued him; Edwards and several more were running after him - I saw a piece out of the shoulder of his coat; I caught him myself, but was knocked down by two or three, and he escaped - I am quite sure he is the man.
Prisoner's Defence. I have been placed here a second time on a capital charge; the first was on the 6th of April, when I was charged with robbing Mr. Wood, and had his Majesty's free pardon - he is brother-in-law to Sowerby, and he must know me; after receiving my pardon, I went into the employ of Mr. Bailey; and after this I was told if I walked for a wager, I should be taken into custody for robbing Sowerby, but knowing nothing of it, I went to walk the match - I knew Edwards, and saw him at his door on the 6th of July, and bid him good night; he said good night in reply - Lee said at Worship-street, that he did not believe I was the man.
MR. EDWARDS. These rings were worth 10l.; they were not all stolen.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
