






1370. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     CLEVESLEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     POULSTON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of June
, 1 ham, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Corney
                  



               
             and 
               
                  William 
                  Corney
               



            .
THOMAS TOOL. I am a shoemaker; Mr. Corney keeps a butter and cheese shop

 in Old-street


. On the 18th of June, between ten and eleven o'clock at night - I saw the prisoners in company; Poulston walked backwards and forwards by the prosecutor's door, and put his hand to a ham which hung on a hook by the prosecutor's door, and made three or four attempts to get it down - he staid some time, and at last took the ham and the hook down together; he walked away with it before him, and turned down Whitecross-street, and the other prisoner followed him - I pursued; he put the ham on his shoulder, and when he came to a corner I was going to take him - he threw down the ham and the hook; I took them up and still pursued into Golden-lane - he had the advantage of me, and I lost him at a corner; I saw a Policeman and told him - he took the ham and the hook to the station; the prisoners were both taken within an hour - I saw them pass smoking a pipe, and told a Policeman, who took them - they were both together when it was done.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CORNEY
               



            . I am in partnership with 
               
                  William 
                  Corney
               



            . I was at home at the time, but did not miss the ham - it is our property.
CLEVESLEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
POULSTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
