




728. 




JOHN TAYLOR
 was indicted

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



John Tomlinson, on the 
6th of February, at 
St.George, Hanover-square, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 12 yards of woollen cloth, value 12l., the goods of 



Christian Stultz.






CHRISTIAN STULTZ
. I live in Berners-street, but my shop is in Maddox-street—the house belongs to John Tomlinson, who occupies part of it. There is an internal communication between the shop and the rest of the house—on the evening of the 6th of February I was in the counting-house, and heard the shop door open, and on looking through a small window, between the shop and counting-house, I saw a piece of cloth taken off the cutting board, and taken out through the door, but I could not see the person who had it—I went out, and saw the prisoner with it, on his shoulder, in the street—I laid hold of him, and he dropped it, and struggled, but I kept him, and took him back to the shop—the cloth was picked up and brought to the shop by another person—I gave the prisoner in charge of a policeman—it is my property, and is worth 12l.—the prisoner had got three doors down the street when I took him—I am tore the door was shut before.





JOHN FULLER
. I am a policeman. I produce the cloth which Mr. Stultz gave me—I took the prisoner in his shop.

Prisoner's Defence. I was coming by the shop, and saw a young man come out with the roll of cloth under his arm—he asked me to carry it, and had no sooner given it to me than the prosecutor rushed on me, and dragged me into the shop.

MR. STULTZ
re-examined. There was a person immediately behind him when I stopped him—when I got him into the shop he said somebody had given it him to carry, but it was a long time before I got him into the shop—he struggled to get away.




GUILTY [Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury. See original trial image.]. Aged 16.—


Transported for Life.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor and Jury.

