





634. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     LAWRENCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of January
, 2 sheets, value 10s.; 1shirt, value 5s.; 1 table-cloth, value 2s., and 10 books, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Hook
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  HOOK
               



            . I live in Cross-street, Islington


, and am a merchant
 - the prisoner had washed and chared
 at my house for the last twelve months; we had, during that time, missed a great deal of property. On Christmas-eve she came to remain with us for a few days, till we got a servant - we missed several things immediately afterwards, and on the 6th of January we missed a number of other things - I then charged her with it; she confessed she had taken the sheets, table linen, and some other articles, but not the whole of them - I gave her in charge.


                  JAMES 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner, and found part of this property in a box in a room, which she said was hers.


                  GEORGE 
                  BARBER
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a table-cloth, pawned by the prisoner, on the 3rd of December, for 2s., and one shirt for 5s., in the name of Ann Cook.


                  ANN 
                  WELLS
               



            . The prisoner asked me to pawn a pair of sheets and a table-cloth, which she said was to redeem some shirts.


                  SAMUEL 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I have a pair of sheets and a table-cloth, pawned by Wells - I have some books, which I think were pawned by the prisoner herself.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in a petition, pleading poverty.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 44. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
