






2127. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  WATKINS
               




             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     HILLERY
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of September
, 1 watch, value 20s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Waters
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
ROBERT WATERS. I am a shipwright
. On the 5th of September I was with my cousin, who is a sailor, in Ratcliff-highway


 - I was drunk, but I knew what I was about; I and my cousin were with the two prisoners for two hours - I had not taken any liberties, or had any thing to do with either of the prisoners; I had given one of them 1s. to get some drink - I do not know whether I had any; they both ran away, and I then missed my watch - I met the officer, and asked if he had seen two girls and a sailor go along; he said Yes he had - my chain and watch were all in my fob, and the fob was cut off.


                  JAMES 
                  GAMBLE
               



            . I am an officer. I passed the two prisoners in London-street - I then met the prosecutor; he was drunk; he said he had lost his watch - I looked, and his fob was cut off; he said it was two women, and described which way they had gone - I told him to come with me; I took the two prisoners, and one of them(but I cannot say which) threw down this watch and fob- I believe Watkins said they or she had been tempted to do it by a shipmate of his, who had been drinking with them; I found nothing on the prisoners, but the fob seems to have been cut - they said, "Don't hurt us;" I said, "It don't rest with me."(Property produced and sworn to.)
WATKINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
HILLERY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
