






457. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     SULLIVAN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     TURNER
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of January
, 1 pelisse, value 8s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Frances 
                     McGurvie
                  




               
            .


                  ELEANOR 
                  COLLINS
               



            . My sister, Frances McGurvie, keeps a clothes-shop
 in Moor-street, Soho


. On the 3rd of January, in the evening, I was minding her shop -Sullivan came and asked the price of a cloth pelisse which hung at the door; I said 8s. - she then looked at a frock; my sister's baby began to cry, and I went to it - she asked if I was alone; I said Yes - she then went to the door, and called in Turner, who was standing at the window, and asked him if he thought the pelisse would fit her; he said she could not tell unless she took it down to try it on - he took it down, and tried it on her back; she then took it off, and gave it to him, telling him to hold it - she then went to look at a frock, and Turner ran out with the pelisse; I sent my sister's little girl next door for a person, and detained Sullivan - Turner was taken next morning; I am sure he is the man - we have not found the pelisse.


                  CHARLES 
                  LISH
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was called, and took Sullivan; she said she knew nothing of the pelisse, nor of the man, and denied calling him into the shop - she gave her address, No. 9, Bell-court, Gray's Inn-lane; I could not find that she lived there - she afterwards said it was No. 5; I found no money on her to pay for any thing.


                  JOHN 
                  BENNET
               



            . I am a Policeman. I heard of this transaction; I saw Turner go in to No. 9, Bell-court, Gray's Inn-lane, and took him - he lodged there; he said he had never seen Sullivan.
Turner's Defence. I do not know where the shop is.
SULLIVAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.
TURNER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
