






First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
55. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     CRESSWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of November

, 1 wooden box, value 1s, 6d.; 2 pair of trousers, value 12s. 6d.; 2 waistcoats, value 2s.; 1 other waistcoat with sleeves, value 1s. 6d.; 3 shirts, value 5s.; 4 aprons, value 3s.; 5 neckerchiefs, value 3s. 6d.; 1 pair of drawers, value 1s.; 3 collars, value 9d.; 1 knife, value 6d.; 1 snuff-box, value 6d.; 1 pair of braces, value 6d.; 1 tooth-brush, value 6d.; 1 bottle, value 1/2d.; 1 printed bound book, value 1s.; 1 hair brush, value 3d.; 1 comb, value 3d., and 1/4 oz. of tooth powder, value 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Frederick 
                           Crawley
                        



                     
                  , from his person
            ; and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     OLLIFF
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to be stolen
            .
CRESSWELL 

               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Life
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  FREDERICK CRAWLEY
               



            . I am fourteen years old, and live at No. 23, Norfolk-street. I lived last at Mr. M'Allow's coffee-house, in Wood-street, Cheapside, and had the articles stated in the indictment in a box there - they were worth between 30s. and 40s. On the 5th of November, about twelve o'clock at noon, I met Cresswell in St. James's-park; I knew him by seeing him come to the coffee-house - he said, "I have seen your face before" - I told him where it was, and that I had left my place (I had left it then about a week) - he said he had been there the night before, and master had told him I had left; we stopped together in the park till one o'clock, and saw the guns fired - I then told him I was going to fetch my box that day from Mr. Allows; I had gone home ill, and left it there - he said he would help me with the box; he went with me - I meant to take it to Norfolk-street, Islington; he went as far as Hart-street with me, and as we went down Barbican, he pointed out the Redcross public-house in Barbican, and said his mother lived there - I got the box, and came out with it on my head and a hand box in my hand; I came up to him at the corner of Hart-street, and he took the box from me -I walked by his side; I had told him where I was going- we got as far as the Redcross public-house, opposite Redcross-street, Barbican



; he said he must go and tell his mother where he was going, and that she would not believe him unless he took the box and showed her - he said she lived on the second floor over the public-house; there is a court runs by the side of it, where the entrance is; I did not know the court was a thoroughfare - I waited for him to come back to me; this was about two o'clock - he did not return; I saw the box at eight that night in the possession of the prisoner Olliff, in Cow-cross - he was standing at the bottom of the court in custody when we went up there; I had been endeavouring to find out where Cresswell lived - I went to the court two or three hours before he was at home; I had applied to an officer about five or six o'clock, and told him what happened; we found out Cresswell, in a court leading into Noble-street - the officer took him, and he dire ted us to Olliff's, in a court in Cow-cross, as the place he had taken the box to; we found Olliff in a street leading out of Cow-cross, and he took us into a house, where we found my box under the bed - I believe he lived there, for he went into that room and sat down; another officer and Cresswell were with as - Olliff did not say he lived there: there was nothing in the room but a bed and chair - the box could not be seen under the bed, without beingpointed out; Cresawell sat on the bed, and pulled it from under the bed - Olliff said he did not know but what it was Cresswell's own box; Cresswell said he did know that it did not belong to him - I did not hear Olliff make any reply to that; I knew the box was mine - the lid was on it, but it has been broken off and all the things were gone out of it; I have never found them since - my name is not on the box; I only know it by having had it some time.
Olliff. When they came in, the box stood by the bed-side; I said "If the box is yours, Cresswell brought it to me, and said it belonged to you." Witness. I went into the room with Cresswell and the officer, and as we went in I saw Cresswell pull it out from under the bed; I should not have seen it if he had not pulled it out.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HENMAN
               



            . I am a constable. On the 5th of November, about six o'clock in the evening, the prosecutor was brought to me by a member of the Corporation, who stated the case, and in about a quarter of an hour I took Crawley with me to Oat-lane, which is between Wood-street and Noble-street; I saw Cresswell and some other lads standing together - I told Crawley to go and see if one of them was the lad who took the box; he went, and pointed out Cresswell - Cresswell called me by name, and said the box was all right; I had known him for some time- I believe he had been out of employ some time; I told him he was charged with stealing it - he said he would take me to where the box was; I then said he ought to have known better, as the boy was motherless - I then took him to the Cooper's Arms, Silver-street, and searched him, but found nothing relating to the case; he then said he did not know the name of the man who had got the box, but that he lived down Cow-cross - I went with him to Cow-cross; he there pointed out Olliff, who was standing with others at the end of Rose-alley, Cow-cross - I had never seen him before; I told him I wanted him about the box he had bought that morning - he said if I would come up the alley he would tell me all about it; I went into his house - he told me it was his house, and took me to a room on the ground floor; Cresswell and Crawley were both with me, and another officer: when I got into the room I told Olliff we had come respecting a box which Cresswell had taken from Crawley that morning, and that Cresswell told me he (Olliff) had given him 2s. for the box and its contents; I said, "I must have this property found, if possible; it belongs to a motherless boy, and you ought to have known better than to have given that money for these articles;" he said they were worth nothing, that he had sold them again for 3s. 6d. - I asked to whom he sold them, for I meant to find them if I could; he said he had sold them to a man he did not know, but would take me to him - he then accused Cresswell of having deceived him, and pointing to Cresswell, he said, "That man came to me this morning, and told me he had just left his place, and wanted to sell this box and contents;" Cresswell denied that, and said, "You know when I brought the box you asked me if I was touted" - I asked him for an explanation of that, and he said it meant being watched, and that Olliff told him he would buy any thing at any time, but that an old woman sat at the end of the court, who would lag any one - lag means transport; Olliff accused Cresswell of deceiving him altogether, and said he should not have bought it if he had not considered it his property - Cresswell then said the box was under the bed, pointing to it; I should not have observed it, unless I had searched for it - Cresswell pulled out the box; Crawley said it had been locked, but I found it broken open, and some sticks lay by the grate as if they had come off it; it had been broken by the hinges, and the lock taken off - I asked Crawley how he knew the box; he said it had a crack at the bottom, near the front - I found that correct; I told Olliff I should take him in charge for receiving the box, knowing it to have been stolen: he said if I would allow him he would take me to the person to whom he had sold the contents for 3s. 6d. - I took him to the Compter, searched him there, and found on his person 19s. 6d.; he said it was the produce of a donkey he had sold, and at the Compter he said, would I suffer him to go to Hoggisland, where the man lived, who he had sold the property to, (it is near the House of Correction) - he did not know the man's name, but said he was the driver of a cart.
Olliff's Defence, (written.) I was coming along Turnmill-street, Cow-cross; I had got my cart with me, when the prisoner at the bar called after me, saying, "I have left my place; I have got my box and clothes with me; I don't like to go home at present - let me leave them at your house; "I paid no attention to him - he stopped outside, until I had settled some business for my day's work; he then came to me, and asked me if I would buy some of his clothes, saying, that he wanted some money, and could not go home - I replied "They are of no use to me, not being fit for my work;" but pressing me hard, and pleading he had no money and nothing to eat all day, considering the property his own, I gave him what he asked, 2s., he brought the things into my house, but could not find the key; he then broke it open, took the box away, and left it at a baker's shop, which he said was his aunt's - I saw him shortly after, and he told me that he was going on-board a ship; if I liked I could go to his aunt's and get the box for my own use - I called there and stated the case, they delivered me the box; soon after an officer came.
OLLIFF - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 48.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
