





1669. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LUCAS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering a certain building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Griffiths
                        



                     
                  , on the
3rd of August
, and stealing 48 planes, value 6l.; 8 chisels, value 2s. 6d.: 1 pair of pincers, value 9d.; 1 bedwinch, value 2s. 6d.; 1 square, value 1s.; 1 spoke-shave, value 1s.; 1 gimblet, value 3d.; 2 saws, value 6s.; 1 plane, value 2s.; 1 sash-phillister, value 6s.; 1 plough, value 3s.; 4 planes, value 6s.; 3 saws, value 5s.; 1 square, value 1s., and 1 basket, value 18d., the goods of 
                     
                        Thomas 
                        Griffiths
                     



                  ; 4 saws, value 12s.; 3 planes, value 8s.; 1 oilstone, value 18d.; 1 square, value 1s.; 8 chisels, value 4s.; 1 pair of pincers, value 1s.; 3 brad-awls, value 6d.; 1 pair of compasses, value 1s.; 3 gimblets, value 6d.; 1 spoke-shave, value 1s., and 1 basket, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Fear
                        



.


                  THOMAS 
                  GRIFFITHS
               



            . I am a carpenter
. On the 3rd of August I went to my shop in the court-yard adjoining my house at Islington


 - I found it had been broken open, my tool-chest was broken open, and nearly all my tools taken away, and some other tools, the property of my apprentice, 
               
                  Charles 
                  Fear
               



            ; I have seen all the property since, and can swear to all my own tools - the prisoner has worked for me.
CHARLES FEAR. I am apprentice
 to the prosecutor. On the 3rd of August I lost a great many tools; these are them.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MELLISH
               



            . I took the prisoner in Kingsland-road, about four o'clock in the afternoon; I did not find any thing on him - I went to a field, and found the greater part of these tools, and the prisoner had left a basket of tools at a public-house that morning; it was about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's.


                  JAMES 
                  GLIBBERY
               



            . I was with my brother officer, and can state the same facts.


                  WILLIAM 
                  STAPLES
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two saws, pawned by the prisoner about eight o'clock in the morning of the 3rd of August.


                  JOHN 
                  THIMBLEBY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have two saws, pawned by the prisoner on the 3rd of August, about eleven or twelve o'clock.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PERRY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I produce a sash-phillister, a plane, and a saw, pawned with me on the 3rd of August; I do not know by whom.


                  ROBERT 
                  ATTENBOROUGH
               



            . I have some tools, pawned with me on the 3rd of August, about twelve o'clock.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. On the evening previous to this robbery, I met a man outside the Cock; he asked if I worked for the prosecutor - I said I did not then, but had; he said, "I know you did work for him" - he said,"Your tools are very expensive?" I said, "Yes, I suppose a good chest would cost 50l." - he asked me to have something to drink, and after a while I felt myself overcome; it was something he had put into the beer; in that state he got me to accompany him to the prosecutor's, but I never went within a hundred yards of his house - he then laid me in the field, where I staid till morning, and he brought the tools, and laid down by me; I said I was very sorry for what had happened - he said it was of no use, we must get rid of them, and we pawned some of them; I only pawned two parcels, he pawned the others - he gave me 13s.; I said that was a poor share, and he must give me the duplicates, which he did, and I was to have the other when the other tools were pawned - I was to meet him at the corner of Houndsditch at three o'clock; he did not come - I was coming home, and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
