



2441. 




WILLIAM FRIEDLANDER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of July, 3 watches, value 9l., the goods of 



Bernard Lawley.


MR. JERNINGHAM
conducted the Prosecution.






BERNARD LAWLEY
. I am a watch manufacturer, and live in High-street, Borough. On the 26th of last July I went to the prisoner's counting-house, No. 24, Lime-street—he said he wanted some flat silver watches, to show to a friend of his in Liverpool, to see if they would suit the American market—I said I had not got any ready to send out for samples, but he should have some next Saturday—I could not get them ready then—the prisoner called on me on the Monday following—I said I could not get the watches ready, and I bad sent him a note to that effect—he said he had not received it—he then said, "Let me see the watches"—I did so, and he said, "I will take them as they are"—they were not in a fit state to send out for samples, and I told him so—he said his friend was a dealer in watches, and was a judge, and, of course, he did not expect new watches to look like those which I only sent for samples—upon that representation I delivered him three watches—he asked me to let him have them for eight or ten days—I said he might have them fourteen days, and then I was to have them back—I considered I had only lent them to him as samples, for fourteen days—they were to come back if approved, to make some of the same sort by—they were not in a state to be sold, neither as samples or otherwise—they required cleaning up—the silver dials wanted cleaning—they were not in a fit state even for samples, but he pressed so hard on me—he said if they suited, he would give me an order for fifteen or twenty dozen—I said they were to be returned in fourteen days, to a day—I particularly stated that—three of them were worth 15l.—finding they did not come back, about three weeks after, I went to the prisoner's counting house, and asked him if the watches had come back, and whether they suited—he said they had not come back, but they would be back in a few days, but they did not answer, they were too dear—he read a part of a letter to me in the German language, and it appeared to me to be his own hand-writing; it was written on another letter—it was never intended that the prisoner or his friend should become the purchaser of these particular watches—they were to be returned at all events, whether approved of or not as a pattern to make others by, if I got the order—he only said, "I want these watches as samples for my friend, I have not any interest in them "—these arc two of the watches—(looking at them)—the third has not been found.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Did you make the watches yourself? A. No, but I employed people to make them—I keep watches in my shop for sale—these three watches were hanging in my window—I should not have sold them as they were—I would have sold them to a watch-maker, but not without cleaning and examining them—I have never applied for the money for them—I did not ask the prisoner if the watches would suit—I asked him if they had come back.

Q. Have you given nobody an account, "Three silver watches, 11l. 15s.?" A. There was one of the prisoner's party who pressed on me, saying, "How much loss have you sustained by Friedlander? "—I asked his name—he refused to give it me, and I said I had nothing to say to him—he then said, "You can tell me the amount, that is nothing"—I said, "I will tell you the amount he swindled me out of," and I have a person here who heard me say so—I did not tell the person that the prisoner owed me 27l., and that I had a claim on him for three clocks, which he had to deliver to another person—the person told me to put down the amount, and I did so.

COURT. Q. You say you never were asked to sell, nor agreed to sell these particular watches, but they were to come back again? A. Yes—I would not have sold them in the state they were in, except to a watch maker who understood them.





JOHN ELLIOT
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Kingsland-road. I haw a watch which was pawned by the prisoner, on the 1st of August, for 2l., 10s. in the name of John Delaspie, No. 10, Kingsland-road—I am quite sure It was the prisoner—I know him well.





GEORGE ATTENBOROUGH
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Crown-street, Finsbury-square. I have a silver watch which was pawned by the prisoner on the 1st of August, for 2l., in the name of John Delaspie, Charles-street.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you know him before? A. Yes, and have taken in goods of him before.

MR. PAYNE
to
BERNARD LAWLEY. Q. Did you ever sell the prisoner a watch on credit? A. I sold him one for which he gave me a forged bill—he was tried on that and acquitted, because I could not bring the present evidence.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

