





2093. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     BROOKERY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of June
, 1 coat, value 4l.; 1 waistcoat, value 16s., and 1 pair of trousers, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joshua 
                           Lloyd
                        



                     
                  , from the person of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Anderson
                        



.


                  THOMAS 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am errand-boy to Mr. Joshua Lloyd - he is a tailor

, and lives in Conduit-street. On the 16th of June I had a parcel, which contained a coat, waistcoat, and a pair of trousers, to take to Mr. Pontifex, at Holloway; there was Mr. Pontifex's direction on it - two different men came up to me; they spoke to me on the way, and looked at the direction on the parcel; when I got near to Holloway


, the prisoner, whom I had not seen before, came up, and asked if I came from Mr. Lloyd, in Conduit-street - I said I did; he then asked me if these things were for Mr. Pontifex, of Holloway - I said they were; the other two men were not there then - the prisoner said Mr. Pontifex was waiting for the things to go out; I gave him the things, and he gave me 1d. - when he got a few yards from me, he said he would give me 6d. when he saw me again, and that Mr. Pontifex was to be measured for some more things on the Monday following; the other two men were afterwards tried here, and convicted.
Cross-examined by MR. DONNE. Q. What day of the week was this? A. Saturday evening; I had had tea at five o'clock; I went out after tea - I heard the clock strike nine when I got to Camden-town, before the prisoner came up to me; I had not seen him before; he did not stay long talking with me, but I am sure he is the person - I knew him by his face; it was not quite dark - I did not see him with any other person.
- ROBERTS. I am in the employ of Mr. Lloyd. I sent the parcel by this witness on the 16th of June; I packed it and directed it - I have not seen it since.
Cross-examined. Q. What night was it? A. On Saturday night, the 16th of June - I know nothing of the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  STACEY
               



             (Police-constable F 12.) I took the prisoner in consequence of information - I had been looking for him for some time.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you not seen him once beforeyou took him? A. Yes, but I was ill, and he was on the top of an omnibus - I did not hail it.
Witnesses for the Defence.


                  GEORGE 
                  HIGHFIELD
               



            . I am a hatter, and live at No. 22, Cumberland-street, Middlesex-hospital. I know the prisoner - on the 16th of June I was in his company from seven o'clock till twelve; I took a hat home to his brother and stopped there till about nine - Mr. Hagan came in about eight, and we went to the Mogul, where we stopped till twelve.
COURT. Q. What day was this? A. On Saturday night, the 16th of June - I know very little of the prisoner, but his brother I am intimate with; he is a fishmonger, and the prisoner assisted him - he was at his brother's when I took the hat home; Mr. Hagan then came in, and we went to the Mogul - his brother mentioned the circumstance to me, and then I recollected it; I cannot tell where I was on the 26th, 27th, or 28th - I suppose I was in my business, but on the 16th I know I took the hat home to the prisoner's brother; I gave him a bill and receipt, and got an order from Mr. 
               Hagan
             the same night - it was about seven o'clock when I got there, and we did not part till twelve at night; I took the hat home to Mr. 
               Hagan
             the next Saturday night - we had some half and half at the Mogul; I do not recollect having any spirits, and we had no wine.
 - HAGAN. I am a tailor, and live at No. 22, Rupert-street, Haymarket. I know the prisoner perfectly well; on the evening of the 16th of June I went to his brother's, in Lumber-court, to give an order to Mr. Highfield for a hat - he had brought a hat home that night for the prisoner's brother; the prisoner was there; I went there about a quarter before nine o'clock, and the prisoner, Mr. Highfield, and I went to a concert at the Great Mogul, in Drury-lane, and remained there till twelve o'clock.
COURT. Q. What time did you leave his brother's? A. It might be ten minutes or a quarter past nine o'clock- I had gone there about nine, or a little before; I had been to the Mogul once before; the prisoner was at his brother's when I went there - he was serving in the shop part of the time; Mr. Highfield was there when I got there- I do not know Mr. Lloyd, nor Mr. Pontifex; I never heard of Holloway - I have seen the prisoner since the 16th of June, driving a cab and an omnibus.
COURT to 
               
                  JOHN 
                  STACEY
               



            . Q. When did you receive the information? A. Two or three days after the robbery, and I looked night and day for him; I took him on the last day of August - he was sitting alongside the driver of an omnibus; he drove a cab before the 16th of June, but I never saw him drive one afterwards.
- HAGAN re-examined. Q. Who did he drive for? A. I do not know - I really never noticed what sort of a cab it was, nor what number; I did not know any one was looking for him - I saw him twice in Holborn, and once in Oxford-street; I had drank with him repeatedly before the 16th of June - I cannot tell the date; when I saw him driving a cab - I did not take notice of it; I cannot say when I saw him in Holborn - it might be five weeks ago; I cannot tell the month - it must have been in July - I cannot tell what coloured cab it was; I think it was a bay horse - I nodded to him; he had a fare at the time - I believe he never had a cab of his own. 
               
                  PETER 
                  BROOKERY
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother. On the 16th of June my brother was sitting with me till near nine o'clock; he lived with me at the time - he was not out in the evening; Mr. Highfield brought me home this hat, which I have now in my hand - Mr. Hagan came there at the time; they and my brother went out together - I live in Lumber-court; I was born in the house, and my father kept it for thirty years before - my brother has been driving an omnibus latterly; before that he was driving a cab, and before that he lived with me.
COURT. Q. What time did he come home that evening? A. About five or six o'clock; he might have been out for five or ten minutes; I do not think he was out half an hour- he was not driving a cab that day - he went out about nine o'clock with these two witnesses; I heard of the charge the night he was taken, and then I recollected this; he had driven an omnibus since the latter end of June, I think - I believe he has driven a cab during that period; he left me about the latter end of June - I did not hear of this robbery till he was taken; I never heard he was being looked after - I do not know what omnibus he drove; he drove one twelve months ago - I cannot tell what time he left me - he had driven cabs and omnibusses before he came to me; I think he had driven a cab since - I cannot tell what coloured horse he drove; one cab may have different coloured horses.
THOMAS ANDERSON. I described to the officer the person who robbed me; I am sure the prisoner is the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
