





1503. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     MORRISON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June
, 1 bag, value 1/2d., 1 sovereign, 4 half-crowns, and 25 shillings, the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Hinton
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
GEORGE HINTON. I am a butcher
, and live in Newport-market. On the 6th of June, about two o'clock in the morning, I was a good deal the worse for liquor, but I knew what I was about - the prisoner and some others met me at the corner of Sutton-street


; they asked me to give them something to drink, and I was foolish enough to do so - I pulled out my purse, containing one sovereign and 35s. in silver; I paid for what we had, and put my purse into my breast pocket again: we then went out, and they wanted me to go to a house, which I refused - they then surrounded me, and the prisoner took my purse from my pocket; I called for assistance, and Calder came up before they had got more than two yards from me - I saw the purse taken from the prisoner's hand.


                  GEORGE 
                  CALDER
               



             (Police-constable C 100). I was in Crown-street, Soho; I saw the prosecutor calling for assistance - he said he was robbed; I took the prisoner, and found this bag in her hand, containing one sovereign and 1l. 15s. in silver - the prosecutor was the worse for liquor, but knew what he was doing, and stated what had passed, as he has to-day.
Prisoner's Defence. I met the prosecutor with a young woman; he asked us to have something to drink; as we were coming out of the house, he said he wished to speak to the other young woman - I walked on one side; I kicked against the purse and took it up, but I did not know it was stolen: the other young woman owned that she took the purse.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
