





738. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     FRENCH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of February
, 4 half-crowns, 18 shillings, and 4 sixpences
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am the sun of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Smith
               



            , a publican
, and live in the Colonade, Russel-square


. On the 15th of February, the prisoner came and asked if he could have a supper cooked for twenty-four or twenty-five men- I showed him our club-room, which he said would do very well; my father asked if he had provided meat for the occasion - he said No; my father said, "I will recommend you to my butcher's;" he went there and wanted two legs of mutton and some ribs of beef; they had not got the ribs of beef; he came to our house, again, went back to the butcher's, and ordered some other beef - he asked me for change for a sovereign; I said,"I will let you have it;" I laid the change on the table - he took it up, and said, "I will give you the sovereign in a minute;" I was called to the bar, and he went away with a labourer, who was with him; he returned, and said he wanted change for a half-sovereign - I gave him that; he went away, and I did not see him again till he was in custody.


                  JAMES 
                  HARDY
               



            . I am a butcher. The prisoner and this witness came to my house about one o'clock; I sold him two legs of mutton, and after that, he came and had part of a round of beef - I am positive he is the man; he said he had married a wife with 1700l., and he was going to have a supper; I sent the meat to Mr. Smith's; the prisoner cut a rump-steak off, and I had some of it - he came again at two o'clock, and ordered a leg of pork, and said he would come at four o'clock and pay for the whole; he came at six o'clock, and said, "I forgot, I shall want a leg of veal for Sunday, I wish to give some friends a treat, as I have married a wife with a large fortune; if you will come to Mr. Smith's, I will pay you" - I said my mother was out, and I could not leave the shop.
Prisoner's Defence. I am not the man - he never gave me any money at all.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
