





408. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     PARFITT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of December
, 2 spoons, value 8s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 4s., and 1 shirt, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Cailes
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN CAILES
               



            . I am the wife of James Cailes - he lives in Marylebone-lane


, and is a tobacconist
. The prisoner has been in the habit of working at our house occasionally for a year and six months; about three weeks before Christmas she came to nurse me, and had access to every thing in the house - I missed the articles stated on the 26th of December, and on the Saturday she left me without notice, and did not return.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Have you made any inquiry about her? A. I know she had a brother at the hospital, who was there ill, but he is better, and I have seen him since - I do not know that she took things to him; she had money from me every week to help to support him - she is married.


                  WILLIAM 
                  THOMAS BARTON
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Cotterell, a pawnbroker. I have two spoons, two handkerchiefs, two shirts, and some other articles, pawned with us, between the 28th of November and the 27th of December, for 19s. in all - I advanced 2s. more on the spoon, on the 27th of December, to the prisoner, and believe she is the person who pawned the other articles.


                  THOMAS 
                  GODWIN
               



             (Police-constable D 7.) I apprehended the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I was very much distressed, and did it for the sake of supporting my brother, who was in a very ill state - these things are not the prosecutor's.
MARY ANN CAILES. These are mine - I may have been called by the name of Wilson, but I never went by that name; I was married to 
               
                  James 
                  Cailes
               



             on the 7th of August, 1831.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
