





1603. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     TYLER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of June
, 3 coats, value 2l., and 1 pair of breeches, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WELLS
               



             (Police-constable G 79). At four o'clock in the morning, of the 29th of June, I was on duty in Leather-lane; I saw the prisoner in the George and Dragon-yard


, with a bundle and a great coat on his back; he was running towards the gate, which I had closed - he then threw off the coat, threw down the bundle, and said, "Don't meddle with me for God's sake! remember my wife:" I took him just by Holborn, and told my brother officer to go, and get the bundle and coat - these are the articles which were in the bundle.
Prisoner. Q. Will you swear I had the coat on my back? A. Yes; I pursued you - you were taken close against me: I was within two yards of you.


                  THOMAS 
                  JOHNSON
               



             (Police - constable G 81). I came toWells' assistance; I found these things in the bundle, and this coat in the yard.


                  RICHARD 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am ostler
 at the George and Dragon. These are my property, and were safe in the stable the night before; the officer called me up in the morning - I found the padlock hanging to the chain of the stable door; it had been safe the night before.
Prisoner's Defence. The officer opened the bundle, and took the coat out of it, and now he says I had it on -I met a man, who asked if I would earn a shilling or two; he said if I would go with him up the yard he would give me something to carry, and at ten o'clock in the morning he would pay me - he gave me the bundle.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
