




312. 




CORNELIUS CONWAY
 and 




JOHN WOODYER
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
13th of December, 2 glass tumblers, value If, 8d., the goods of 



Moses Deal.






REBECCA DEAL
. I am the wife of Moses Deal, a dealer in earthen-ware, in Bell-street, Edgeware-road. On the 13th of December, about half-past three o'clock, in consequence of information given me by my opposite neighbour, Mr. Reed, I looked and missed two tumblers, which I had seen safe not five minutes before—I went to Mrs. Austin's, a marine-store dealer, and found Conway there—I told him he had taken my glasses—he denied it—Mrs. Austin came into the shop with the uses in her hand, and said, "Do you mean to say these are your glasses?"—I said they were—she said, "Why I have just brought them off my mantel-shelf"—I believe her name is Maria Ford, but she is called Mrs. Austin—I know the glasses to be mine—(looking at them.)





JOHN REED
. I live opposite the prosecutrix. About half-past three o'clock this day, I saw the two prisoners about Deal's shop—I saw Woodyer take up the glasses and give them to Conway, who put them under his jacket, and walked into the marine-store shop, which is close by—I ran across and told the prosecutrix.





MARIA FORD
. I keep a marine-store shop—I never saw the boy, or bought the glasses—my house was undergoing repair at the time—I had a lot of glasses in my kitchen, and I thought my little girl had brought these out, and put them on the mantel-shelf—I found them there and thought they were mine—I did not buy them.





EMMA ASGILL
. Conway offered these glasses to me for sale, but I did not buy them.





GEORGE HILLIER
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoners into costody—Conway told-me that he had taken the glasses into the marine-store shop, and if I would go there with him, he would show me the girl that had taken them from him—he said Woodyer stole the glasses, and gave them to him to sell—Woodyer told me he had not been out of his room that day.

Conway's Defence. I never toot them into the shop—I never had them.

Woodyer's Defence. I was in my own room, and was not out of it—I was not near the place, and knew nothing of it, till the policeman came and took me—I do not know Conway.

CONWAY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.

WOODYER—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—



Confined Three Months.
