






1538. 
               
                  
                     JOSEPH 
                     GOBEY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     HEDGE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of June
, 18 trusses of hay, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Brewster
                  




               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.



                  WILLIAM 
                  ROLPH
               



            . I am son-in-law of Mr. Richards, of East-end, Finchley


. On the 19th of June I returned from a journey, about two o'clock in the morning - I put my horse into the stable, took off the harness, and went into the house; I went up stairs, and pulled off my coat and waistcoat; I then heard a cart come along; I looked out at the side door, and saw Hedge go along with a horse and cart - I thought he had no business that way, and I put on my jacket, and went out at the back gate; I followed the cart about forty yards behind it - I then saw the two prisoners go into the stack-yard; they turned the cart round, and began to load it - there was one field on the farm which had been reserved by Mr. Brewster when he parted with the farm to Mr. Richards - they began to load with the hay which had been cut from the stack which came from that field, and which had been cut from the stack in the afternoon, and put into the shed - it was Mr. Brewater's hay; I then looked over the hedge and saw Gobey in the cart, loading the hay; I knew he had been employed in cutting hay for Mr. Brewster -Hedge was giving up the hay to Gobey from the shed; I watched them for four or five minutes; I then went and locked the lane gate, and then the other gate, so that they could not get out of the lane - I then called up some of our people; we went through our yard again, and still saw them loading - we waited till they were loaded, and ready to start; we then went down the lane, and Hedge came out with the cart, about twenty yards from the gate into the lane; as soon as he saw us he turned to the hind part of his cart, and one of our people collared him - I made up to Gobey, who ran towards a pond; I then called to another person to stop him; when he heard that, he turned back towards me, and I collared him - I asked what business he had there; he gave me no answer, that I recollect - there were eighteen trusses of hay in the cart, and a little bit.
JAMES BREWSTER. I am a farmer
, and live at Finchley. I had a farm at East-end, which I parted with at Michaelmas last to Mr. Richards, but reserved one field for the purpose of stacking hay - I had three stacks there, and part of another; I had sold it to Mr. Chaplin; I was doubtful whether there was enough in my stacks to furnish him, if not, I must have got ten trusses from another stack - I had particularly explained to Gobey, three days before, that it had been contracted for by Mr. Chaplin; I understood he had cut some of it, but I had not ordered him to do it, as I had lost so much that I ordered none to be cut, till just before it was to be delivered - I certainly was not aware of his going to take hay at two o'clock in the morning - I had no business with Hedge.
Cross-examined by MR. DONNE. Q. Did you know Hedge? A. Yes, I knew his person, but I never had any transaction with him; I have sold some things to his father-in-law, who keeps a shop - Gobey had never sold hay for me, nor had authority to sell it; he was not in the habit of being on my premises so early as two o'clock in the morning - there were several quantities of hay in that place, but no other stack cut; if they had cut another stack I should have seen it - I did not say before the Magistrate that Gobey had been commissioned to receive money for me, and to the best of my knowledge he never did receive any.
Gobey's Defence. I worked for Mr. Brewster five years ago; I used to bind hay one day, and bring it to town the next day - he allowed me to sell it if I could get a good price, and likewise the salesman, Mr. Gardner; I sometimes took the money to him, and sometimes to Mr. Brewster, when he has told me to have my load ready by six o'clock in the morning, I have gone at two o'clock to get ready.
Hedge's Defence. I was coming from Barnet, and met one of Mr. Brewster's men; I asked him if his master had any hay to sell - he said he did not know; I then went to have a pint of beer, and saw Gobey - I asked if he had any hay to sell; he said he did not know, but he dared to say I might have half a load - I said I would pay Mr. Brewster the money; I went for it, and was taken.
MR. BREWSTER. Gobey never had any authority from me to sell any hay; Hedge has bought wood for his father before - I distinctly told Gobey this hay was for Mr. Chaplin, and I was doubtful whether there was enough; I am not aware that Hedge deals in hay.
GOBEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 37.
HEDGE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 29.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
