



1308. 




ELIZABETH REYNOLDS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of May, 4 pairs of shoes, value 7s. 6d., the goods of 



William George Webster, from the person of 



John Webster.






WILLIAM GEOROE WEBSTER
. I am a shoemaker, and live in Chequer-place, Whitecross-street. On the 15th of May, I sent my son John to Mr. Whistler, in Shoe-lane; he was carrying two pairs of new shoes, and two pairs of old ones, which I had had to repair—it was after one o'clock when I sent him—the shoes are quite lost.





JOHN WEBSTER
. I took the shoes—I was going to Mr. Whistler—the prisoner accosted me at Barbican chapel—she tapped me on the shoulder, and said, "Your name is Johnny, is it not"—I said, "Yes"—she said, "I thought I knew you—I know your mother and father very well—I have been in the country a long time—I have bought you a little horse and cart, and I do not know how I shall bring it to you without I have this handkerchief" (that was the handkerchief the shoes were in) to wrap it up in, as I do not want my mother to see it"—I said, "No, Mistress; if you cannot get the horse and cart without having this handkerchief and shoes, don't give it me at all"—she said, "Yes, I must"—she got the handkerchief and shoes from me by force, and ran off—I ran and said, "You must not have the handkerchief—she said, "Stop here two or three minutes, and I will be out with the horse and cart"—she showed me the house, but she made me stay back—I waited an hour, but never saw her—I am sure she is the person.

Prisoner. I have witnesses to prove that I was in-doon from half-past eleven till half-past five o'clock in the evening, and never went out.





WILLIAM GEORGE WEBSTER

re-examined. I sent my son after one o'clock, and he returned about four o'clock.





JOHN WEBSTER
. I had left my father's house about twenty minutes—it must have been between one and two o'clock.





JOSEPH PERRY
. I drive a horse and cart. On that Friday, between one and two o'clock, I was coming from Golden-lane into Goswell-street; I saw the prisoner in Williams' buildings—she had got a blue handkerchief with the shape of shoes in it—they were tied up in it, and she was going towards Golden-lane—I am sure she is the person—I knew her face before—it was a light blue handkerchief—when I went on, I saw this boy by the Repository, crying and saying he should get murdered when he got home—as soon as I heard that, I went back to look for the woman, but could not find her—two gentlemen went to the house where she lived; but she could not be found—I had seen her a dozen times—I am sure she is the person.





GEORGE VINT
. I am a watchman of Cripplegate. I received informtion, and took the prisoner about half-past eleven o'clock that night.

Prisoner's Defence. I had my friends here this morning; but I did not think I should have my hearing till next Sessions, or I could prove I was in-doors washing for a person till half-past five o'clock.
(Margaret Ellis, of Red Lion-market, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
