





OLD COURT. THURSDAY, DECEMBER 9.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
15. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SPENCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of November
, 1 cloak, value 2l.; 1 silk dress, value 2l.; 1 cotton dress, value 8s.; 1 bonnet, value 7s.; 1 apron, value 1s., and 1 scarf, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Forster
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        John 
                        Sherwin
                     



.


                  MARY 
                  ANN HOLMAN
               



            . I live at Millbank-street, Westminster


; my uncle, 
               
                  John 
                  Sherwin
               



            , occupies the house; the prisoner was servant
 to Mrs. Hirsch, who lodged on the first floor - she lived there about a fortnight. I left the house on Monday, the 8th of November, about twelve o'clock in the morning, to go to Clapham; I left a bombazeen dress and a white cotton petticoat in my bed-room cupboard, which was shut, but not locked - I returned on Saturday, the 13th; the prisoner had left the service on the 9th; on my return, in consequence of what my cousin told me, I searched, and my property was gone- it was worth about 1l.; they were found on her person when she was taken - I saw them on her person at the watch-house, on the 17th, about half-past ten o'clock at night.


                  MARY 
                  ANN FOSTER
               



            . I live at No. 19, Millbank-street, in Sherwin's house. The prisoner left on the 9th of November - I do not know why she left; I went up stairs on the 11th, at night, and missed a claret cloth cloak, which I gave 2l. for, and had scarcely worn; I also missed a black silk bonnet, worth 7s. - they were in my cupboard; I opened my drawer, and missed a silk dress, worth 2l. - I gave that for it, and only wore it two or three times - also a buff cotton dress, worth 8s., which has not been found; a black gauze scarf, worth 4s., and a white linen apron, worth 1s. - they were all in the drawers; I had seen them three or four days before she went away - I was very unwell at the time - I have seen every thing since at the office, except the cotton gown, in the prisoner's presence, and am sure they are the same.


                  ANN 
                  HIRSCH
               



            . I live in Millbank-street - my husband is an officer of the Court of Chancery. The prisoner had been a fortnight in our service, and left without notice on the 9th of November, at night; I paid her weekly, and paid her on Monday - her week would have been up on the Saturday following.


                  DAVID 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 15th of November I was in Queen-square - Holman gave me information, and from her description, on the 16th, at night, I apprehended the prisoner, walking with a girl of the town in Tothill-street, at a quarter-past ten o'clock, about a quarter of a mile from Millbank-street; I stopped her, and asked her name, which she refused to give - I said I should lock her up till I went to Millbank-street; she then said, "What will they do with me?" I then asked where she lived - she said at No. 23, Great Almonry; I took her there, and found in the room she took me to, in a bundle under the bed, all the property except a cotton dress - I had said if she would produce the property it would be better for her.(Property produced and sworn to.)




               GUILTY of stealing to the value of 99s. only
            . Aged 16.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
