



1359. 




WILLIAM HARDING
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
21st of April, 1 counterpane, value 6s.; 1 bed-cover, value 7s.; 5 pillow-cases, value 3s.; 10 towels, value 3s.; 2 table-cloths, value 7s.; 1 mull, value 5s.; and 1 brooch, value 5s.; the goods of 



Thomas Edward Savage, his master.






EDWARD PERKINS
. I am foreman to Mr. Savage, a pawnbroker in Paradise-street, Lambeth; the prisoner was in his employ for fifteen months—I spoke to Mr. Savage, who sent for an officer—I went up stairs and searched the prisoner's box—the prisoner had the key of it, and either he or the officer opened the box—there was a counterpane, a bed-cover, five pillow-cases, and some other things, they belonged to Mr. Savage, and have my own marks on them—the prisoner first said he had them of Mr. Jones; he afterwards said he had them at our house, and he meant to pay for them—there is no entry of them in our books.

Cross-examined by
MR. CHURCHILL. Q. Were there many other things in the box? A. I cannot rightly say, they were mixed with other things—I think these things did not fill the box—I do not know that it is usual for pawnbroker's men to wear brooches which belong to their master—the prisoner was confused.





THOMAS EDWARD SAVAGE
. These are my property—the officer found them in the prisoner's box.

Cross-examined. Q. How long had he been in your service? A. About fifteen months, we had a good character with him.; had no reason to complain till latterly.





GEORGE WILSON
 (police-constable L 162.) I was present, and saw these things found.

JURY
to
EDWARD PERKINS. Q. Was the prisoner's box in the shop? A. No; in the warehouse—the sale-shop is down stain, he had 20l. a year, and his board and lodging.
(Samuel Hunt, a tailor, of Seymour-place; Richard Jones, a coal-

dealer; Mary Ann Wallis, a widow; Lucy Fairbrother; and William Marden, a stationer, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 21.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.
—

Transported for Seven Years.

