




133. 




THOMAS GRIFFIN
 and 




ALEXANDER SIMPSON
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
10th of November, 2 coats, value 4l. 10s.; and 1 pair of trowsers, value 10s., the goods of 



James Standerwick; and I shawl, value 10s., the goods of 



Mary Lloyed, in the dwelling-house of 



James Standerwick.







MARTHA STANDERWICK
. I am the wife of James Standerwick, and live at Tollington-park, Hornsey-road, in the parish of St. Mary, Islington. The house stands by itself in a small garden—on the 10th of November, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, while I was in my bed-room, I heard the fowls making a noise, and on looking out of the window, I saw a lad leaving the gate, with something under his arm—I ran down stairs in search of my servant, whom I found at the street-door talking to a woman—I sent the girl in one direction, while I followed the prisoners—I met a butcher on horseback, and told him—he returned in about half an hour, with the two prisoners and a bundle, containing my servant's shawl-to the best of my recollection Griffin was the lad I saw go away from the gate—I only saw one person.

Cross-examined by
MR. KEENE. Q. Did you see his face at all? A. Yes—he evidently was watching me at the bed-room window, which is on the second floor.





WILLIAM NEALE
. I am a butcher—I was riding, and met the prosecutrix—I went after the party, and between three and four hundred yards from the prosecutor's house, I came up with the prisoners and another—the prosecutrix pointed them out—they all ran away when the prosecutrix spoke to me—I beckoned to a witness to stop them as they ran across a field—Simpson was carrying the shawl—he threw it down-Griffin had the coat on his back, which he pulled off, and threw down with a Mackintosh—the third got away.





JOHN NEWMAN
. I am a had boy—I saw the prisoners running away from Neale—they threw away the things—one had a Mackintosh on, which he threw off-both had property—I picked it up.





STEPHEN AUSTIN
. I stopped the prisoners in my master's field—they were running away.





WILLIAM CULLUM
. I saw the prisoners start off from the butcher, and in a very short time they threw the clothes down on the ground-Griffin had a Mackintosh about his person—he pulled that off and ran away—I followed them till they were taken.





WILLIAM HASTINGS
. I took charge of the prisoners.

MRS. STANDERWICK
re-examined. I believe this to be my servant's shawl—it was in the back-kitchen—this coat, and trowsers, and Mackintosh are my husband's—I believe them to be worth 5l. 10s.—my husband paid 3l. 10s. for the Mackintosh—I do not know what it would sell for.





JAMES STANDERWICK
. The property is worth quite 5l. 10s.—I paid 3l. 10s. for the Mackintosh five or six days before—I have worn the trowsers about three times—the coat has been in wear some time.

GRIFFIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

SIMPSON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.




Transported for the Ten Years.
