





89. 
               
                  
                     JOSHUA 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, 18 pair of boots, value 3l. 12s.; 19 pair of shoes, value 2l. 7s.; 23 pieces of boot legs, value 2l. 6s.; 15 pair of shoe upper leathers, value 15s.; 6 lbs. weight of leather, value 1l.; 2 yards of linen, value 1s. 6d.; 2 bags, value 2s.; 1 pair of clogs, value 1s. 6d., and 6 yards of galloon, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Spencer
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .
THOMAS SPENCER. I am a shoe manufacturer
, and live in Church-street, Bethnal-green


. The prisoner is a shoemaker
 by trade; he worked for me for six or eight weeks before he was taken - he cut out shoes and assisted in the shop - I had not missed this property till he was taken into custody - I then went to his house and found this property.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROWLAND
               



             (police-constable H 170). I went to search the prisoner's house; I found the property which was identified by the prosecutor.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was this bag opened at the station-house? A. It might be for a quarter of an hour - it was merely opened for the prosecutor to look at - I am not aware that it was opened when the prosecutor was not there - I was there several times when the prosecutor was not there; the bag was not opened in my presence, when the prosecutor was not there - I saw the prisoner's wife at the lodgings we went to - I have known the prisoner some time - I have seen him there - I went there with the prosecutor.
MR. PHILLIPS to 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  SPENCER
               



            . Q. Did you know it was his lodging? A. I knew it was his lodging, the day before; he told me he lived in New Nicholl-street; but the morning we took him, he said, he lodged in Cock-lane - but we went to the house he had before told me he lived at, in New Nicholl-street; he did not mention any number - I don't know how many houses there are there - we found a woman there.
COURT. Q. How long had the prisoner been in your employ? A. Six or eight weeks; I had seen his wife two or three times at my house; she acknowledged herself to be his wife, and we found her there.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROWLAND
               



             re-examined. Q. Had you seen the prisoner go into that house? A. Yes; once.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you swear before the magistrate that you had seen him go into that house? A. No; I cannot tell when I had seen him go in - I think it was nearly three weeks ago - I will swear it is full three weeks; it was nearly one o'clock in the day - I don't know the number of the house - but I had known him and I reside very near that spot - there are two doors to the house, one is up a court; it was up the court I saw the prisoner go - I believe there is a house or two up the court.



                  GEORGE 
                  TEAKLE
               



             (police-constable H 121). I found this bag of shoes under the bed, the clogs under the table, and these other things in the room.


                  THOMAS 
                  SPENCER
               



            . These are my property - I can identify these shoes - I have a man here who made some of the shoes - Joseph Taylor, the prisoner's father, was in my employ, but he don't live where the prisoner did - I cannot swear that these shoes were not sold.
JURY. Q. Had you missed property? A. No; my stock is rather large - I could not miss a pair of shoes or two - I had found my business did not answer - I took stock and missed this property.


                  GEORGE 
                  REDFORD
               



            . I work for the prosecutor - I made this pair of shoes.
Cross-examined. Q. How long ago? A. Five or six weeks; I cannot say they had not been sold.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
