



649. 




HENRY HARDING
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of November, 1 box, value 1s.; and 70lbs. weight of metal type, value 7l.; the goods of 




John Godfried Schroeter Teuten.







JOHN GODFRIED SCHROETER TEUTEN
. I am a printer, and live in Regent-street, Newington. The prisoner assisted me in moving and putting my things to rights, for three weeks—during that time I was doing no business—he did a job or two on his own account, which I allowed him to do—he took the advantage of that, and took my property away, and pawned it from time to time—I have seen a box containing 70lbs. of metal type at Mr. Hitchcock's, the pawnbroker's, but it is too heavy to bring here—I saw it at the pawnbroker's, and it is my property—it is a mixture of all sorts of type, and among it is some foreign type, from the Continent—I found about 5cwt. altogether there.

Prisoner. Q. Did you ever send me to pledge any type for you? A. Never—I went with you and several men, in consequence of getting into trouble, having 801. rent to pay—I took you and several others with some type, and pawned it—I named to the pawnbroker the reason of my doing so, but that I redeemed again.

Q. Did you send me with a boy, with some type, into Drury-lane? A. I did once, I recollect, but this was pawned unknown to me.





JAMES HITCHCOCK
. I am a pawnbroker, and live at No. 6, Little Russell-street, Covent-garden. I produced a quantity of type to the prosecutor, which he claimed—it was pawned by the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. Had I been there before? A. You had been previously with Mr. Teuten, to pawn type.





JAMES HUNTINGDON
. The prisoner came to my father to borrow a truck, to take to Union-street—he loaded it with something in a box, and took it away—he hired me to go with him.

Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor several times employed me to pawn his type and paper—I have pledged a whole work for him—he has said, at different times, "I am short of money, can you tell how I can make some, to sell some paper, or do any thing?"—on one occasion, when he sent me to pawn type, I told him I could not carry it—he told me to hire a truck, and to pawn his composing stick to pay for the truck, which I did, for 1s.—I then hired the boy and the truck—I was three weeks in his service—one week he gave me 4s., another 8s., and the next week nothing at all—I had the key of the premises, and when I wanted type, I went to fetch it.

MR. TEUTEN
re-examined. I never authorised him to pawn it at all—I never had any part of the proceeds of it.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There were two other indictments against the prisoner.)

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.
