





65. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CORNELIUS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of September
, 1 pocket-book, value 6d., and 1 10£ bank note, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Bernard 
                           Farrelly
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
BERNARD FARRELLY. On the 17th of September, I found myself in Glass-house-yard, Rosemary-lane


. I had my coat off, and my back upon a bed, and the prisoner was strangling me; it was before day-light - she was choking me with both her hands, and cut me very severely - when I took hold of one of her hands, she scratched me with the other, and bit a piece out of my nose - I had been, on the 16th of September, to the Borough, and I had a pocket-book and some memorandums in it, and a £10 bank-note - I saw it safe before I went to Rosemary-lane, at six or seven o'clock, and then they involved me to give them some drink - we did not go into any public-house; they had liquor in this private house - they fetched it.
Q. Who do you mean by they? A. There was another female with the prisoner, but she is the only person I can swear to, as being the person who robbed me, and nearly choked me - I had some liquor in the room down stairs; I did not go up stairs; I was the worse for liquor - I took off my coat, the pocket-book was in the breast pocket of the coat; when I awoke in the morning the pocket-book was gone - when the prisoner was mangling me, I suppose she meant to Burke me - I did not know the number of the note till I went to the cashier's - the book has not been found.
Cross-examined by MR, DOANE. Q. Where do you live? A. In Kent. I came to Rosemary-lane to see a friend named Timmings; I knew him and his wife, they live handy to Rosemary-lane - I had not known the prisoner before; I do not know Mrs. Reed - I had notreceived any rent that day - the prisoner asked me to go in, and give her some drink, and I did; there was another female there; I cannot tell the time; it was before dark; I treated them to beer and gin - I took some other persons up who were discharged; the prisoner was discharged, and I had her taken again - I do not know how long I was drinking - I had seen the pocket-book and note that evening, and to make a long story short, here is the note.
COURT. Q. You went in, I suppose, sober? A. Not quite sober - I do not know the other person who was there - I had eight or nine sovereigns in a small pocketbook, in another pocket in my coat, and two handkerchiefs over them - I did not lose any of them.


                  PIERCE 
                  DRISCOLL
               



            . I am an officer. On the morning of the 17th I was called by a boy, about five o'clock - I found the prosecutor, the prisoner was in her room; he was outside the room, all over blood; he gave me charge of her; he missed his pocket-book, when he got his coat on - I searched the house, and found a handkerchief which he said was his, in a jacket pocket, which laid on the floor, in a room up-stairs, where there were two persons in bed - I afterwards traced this note from the Bank.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PENNY
               



             (police-sergeant, H 5). I went when the prisoner was apprehended; I searched her bed and found a new blanket on it, and three pieces of ticking, which she had bought of a draper.


                  GEORGE 
                  DYER
               



            . I am a clerk in the Bank. I have this note, which was paid in by Prescott's banking-house.


                  CHARLES 
                  WALTON COARD
               



            . I am clerk to Robarts and Co. I paid the prosecutor a draft on the 13th of September - I gave him this £10 note, "No. 17909, dated 31 July, 1833."


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOBINSON
               



            . I live in High-street, Shadwell. On the 30th of September the prisoner came to my shop; she bought a pair of blankets, and 20 yards of bed ticking - she paid me this £10 note; I wrote her address on it, the day of the month, and my initials.
Prisoner. When they took me down to his shop the policeman said, if I would tell who the persons were with me I should be liberated - as this witness said there was a man and a woman came in, and a little woman with them; and that the man and woman gave the other woman the note.


                  WILLIAM 
                  DOBINSON
               



            . There was another man and woman came in, but the prisoner gave me the note - the other woman gave her the note; I never said that the woman gave it her - there was another woman taken up, I could not swear to her, but I could to the prisoner.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent of it; he swore to another woman.




               GUILTY of Stealing, but not from the Person
            . Aged 33.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
