






2074. 
               
                  
                     SOPHIA 
                     WALTERS
                  




               
             & 
               
                  
                     ELIZABETH 
                     GRIFFITHS
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of August
, 1 pocket-book, value 1s.; one 5l. Bank note, and 1 order for payment of 26l.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Mee
                  




               
            .


                  HENRY 
                  MEE
               



            . I am a seaman
, and lodge in Union-street, Lambeth. On the 30th of August I fell in with the two prisoners at Woolwich; I came to London in a passage-boat with them, and then got into a waterman's boat, and went on shore with Adams; I then missed my pocketbook, containing a 5l. Bank note, and my discharge and remittance-ticket for 26l., which I had when I left the Seringapatam - I was in liquor.
Walters. I saw the book in the vessel, but I gave it to him, and did not see it afterwards. Witness. I was so much intoxicated that I cannot say.


                  JOHN 
                  ADAMS
               



            . I am a waterman. On the 30th of August I put the prosecutor on shore - he had been in my boat with the two prisoners; when the prosecutor got to the public-house, he put his hand about his pocket, when he called for for a pot of half and half, and charged Walters with having his book; she denied it - she said she had it on board the vessel, and gave it him there; she pulled out a shilling and a few halfpence, and declared to God that was all the money she had about her - she then said she wanted to go to Woolwich, and I said I could take her to the coach; while we were talking I saw Griffiths go to the door - I went to her for my fare, and saw through the window Walters giving a 5l. note to the landlord at the bar; I went up to her, and desired to have it - they were then both going out at the door; I put them back, and asked her again for the note - Griffiths said to her, "Let the bl - y rogue have it - he wants to keep it;" I then said, "I shall take you both into custody - I think you are both in it together."


                  FRANCIS 
                  GRIMMER
               



            . I am a waterman. I was at the public-house after these people had been in my boat; I heard Mee charge Walters with having his pocket-book; she said she had but one shilling and two or three halfpence - I was cleaning out my boat afterwards, and found under the water-board this pocket-book, which has the remittance-bill and the discharge in it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Griffiths' Defence. A young man I was with gave me half a crown and 2s., and the waterman said, "You are a d - d fool if you don't take the other half-crown out of his hand."


                  JOHN 
                  ADAMS
               



            . They were talking about it, but I told them to be cautious, for I was an officer, and I would have nothing of the kind done.
Walters' Defence. I had the 5l. note of a young man I was with, but I had 2l. 10s. to pay for liquor which he had had.
WALTERS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
GRIFFITHS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
