



1544. 





EMME FELICITE GABRIELLE CHARDONEZ MALHOMME
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of June, at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, in the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Edwards, her master, 1 watch, value 30l.; 1 neck-chain, value 3l.; 3 seals, value 1l. 15s.; 2 watch-keys, value 7s.; 1 slide, value 5s.; 1 locket, value 2l.; 2 brooches, value 2.; 1 shawl, value, 5s.; 1 portmanteau, value 5s.; 4 towels, value 5s.; 3 pairs of drawers, value 6s.; 2 handkerchief, value 3s.; 3 spoons, value 1l. 15s.; 1 ladle, value 15s.; 1 necklace, value 1l.; and 2 yards of calico, value 1s.; his goods.






ELIZABETH EDWARDS
. I am the wife of Thomas Edwards, and live at No. 85, Hatton-garden, in the parish of St. Andrew. The prisoner can understand English very well—she understands every word that is said to her,

but cannot express herself well—she was in our service for about seven months—on the 4th of June I sent her out on a message, about half-past nine o'clock in the evening—she did not return—I searched in about two hours afterwards, and missed the things named in the indictment—they were worth between 50l. and 60l.—I had seen them that afternoon.





WILLIAM TERRY
. I am a constable of Southampton. I apprehended the prisoner on Monday, the 6th of June, about a quarter before seven o'clock in the morning, at Tubb's Hotel, at Southampton—she was in bed—there was no one else in the room—I found a gold watch on the table, which the prisoner owned—she said, "Give me my watch"—she spoke in English—in the bed I found three silver spoons and a sauce-ladle, and in a reticule in the room, a quantity of jewellery, which I have to produce—the reticule was in a French basket.





THOMAS EDWARDS
. I know nothing about the matter, except that the property is mine—the gold watch and appendages, and the other things.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner's Defence. (Through an interpreter.) The day I went away three gentlemen came, at three different times, and told me that they would wish me to leave my mistress, and they would be my friends—I said, "No"—they said if I did not like to give my mistress, to give myself—I said, "No," and they said they would set fire to the house—they said if I liked to give my mistress, they would give me some money—I said, "No"—the other gentleman came down by the kitchen, and then he went into the room—he brought a knife facing up towards my throat, and then he went into my mistress' room—mistress rang the bell for me to come down and fetch some stale bread—one gentleman-went up-stairs and two down-stairs, and caught hold of me, and asked me if I was going away for good—I said, "No"—he said "I will set fire to the house, you may be sure"—I then went up-stairs—the one gentleman was up-stairs, and went into mistress' room, took things out of it, and then I was willing to start away, but was not willing to rob my mistress as far as that—he said if I did not like to start that night he would cut my throat—I was afraid to say any thing—they tempted me—he said, "Get hold of the things, and we will start to-night"—I took some odd things, and put them into the box of Mr. Thimbleby—it was not me that took any silver, to any thing from my mistress—these gentlemen went in, and were to come to some terms to meet me at Southampton, and to give me twelve guineas—I have had no money—I was obliged to leave the box at the Coach-office at Southampton—I have never seen them since.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.

First Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

