



574. 




BRIDGET HENRY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
31st of December, 1 shift, value 5s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 5s.; the goods of 



John Nuttall, her master.—2nd COUNT, stating the shift to belong to 



Hannah Barnett, and the handkerchief to 



John Waller Pugh.






ELIZABETH CARTER
. I am servant to John Waller Pugh, of Regent-street. This handkerchief is his—it was taken by me to Nuttall to be mingled.





ANN JENKINS
. I am servant to Hannah Barnett, of Marylebone-street, She is a single woman—I gave this shift to Nuttall—it is the property of my mistress.





JANE NUTTALL
. I live in Francis-street, and carry on the mangling holiness. The prisoner was with me four days in a week—she remained till the 31st of December—it was her business to turn the handkerchiefs and shifts in the mangle—I saw her that day unfolding a bundle sent from Mrs. Pugh's—I told her not to undo it, as she would mix the things—I had some suspicions, and had her taken into custody—my husband's name is John.





ALFRED DUMBRELL
. I am apprentice to Henry Harrison, of Wardour-street, Soho. I produce a handkerchief, pawned on the 31st of December, by a female, who gave the name of Henry—I have no recollection of the prisoner's person—this is the duplicate we gave first.





WILLIAM HUNT
. I am shopman to Mr. Bartram, of Princes-street, Soho. I produce a sheet pledged on the 24th of September, by a female, but I did not take it in—this duplicate was given for it.





WILLIAM METCALFE
 (police-constable C 133.) I took the prisoner, and asked her where she lived—she told me at No. 13, Hopkins-street—she did not describe what part of the house—I did not take her there, nor get any key from her—I found in that house thirteen duplicates, two of which relate to the property now produced—I was ordered by the Magistrate to go there the next morning—she was committed at seven o'clock at night.

Prisoner's Defence. She gave me these things to pawn for her, and told me not to let her husband know of it, but to put my name on the things—the told me not to tell any person, and to take care of the tickets till she called on me for them—she told me to pawn the things at two pawnbrokers that were convenient to her—I returned the money, and she sent me for six pennyworth of brandy—she told me to get a person to come to my place of work—I brought her a servant in my place, she told me she would give me in charge, and I went with her to the office.





JANE NUTTALL

re-examined. I did not give her these things to pawn, nor did she give me the money—I never saw either of those articles in the bundles—my mother died suddenly, and I was called for suddenly to attend her—the prisoner acknowledged taking them at Marlborough-street.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
