





2066. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     CANTY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of October
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 3 seals, value 15s., and 1 gold key, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           David 
                           Davies
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
DAVID DAVIES. On the 10th of October, between one and two o'clock at night, I met the prisoner in Hatton-garden; she forced me home with her - I was rather drunk; she took me down to No. 7, Lower West-street, Field-lane


; we both undressed to go to bed; I went to sleep - I had left my money and watch in my trousers, which I put on the chair - when I awoke the prisoner was gone and the watch; I cried that I was robbed in the house - they said I could not be robbed there as the door was locked; I lost a handkerchief out of my hat - I found the hat in the front room - I had given her 1s. 6d., and she was to stay all night.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  COX
               



            . I keep the house. I let the bed to the prosecutor - I never saw the prisoner before; the prosecutor was not a bit drunk - he is mistaken in saying that he was; I let him the bed for 1s. 6d. - the girl was with him; they said they were husband and wife, and were benighted - she got up first, and then he got up and said he had lost his watch; I said he could not lose the woman, because I had got the key, but she had got into the yard - I stood at my door, and caught her going out of my neighbour's house; I said, "You have robbed the person you brought here as your husband" - she said she had not; I took her - she said, "If you will let me go, I will give you the watch."


                  JOHN 
                  LIMBRICK
               



            . I took the prisoner, and have the watch and handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence I met the prosecutor at the corner of Hatton-garden, and took him to this house - when we got to the room, he said he had but 1s.; I was then going to put on my shawl and bonnet to leave him - he then said he would give me his watch; when I was gone to sleep he wanted to take it from me, and I would not let him, as he gave it me.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
