




905. 




WILLIAM TAYLOR
 and 




GEORGE FITNESS
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
22d of March, 5 curtains, value 12s.; 1 decanter, value 2s. 6d.; 6 glasses, value 9s.; 4 cups, value 6d.; 4 saucers, value 6d.; 3 knives, value 6d.; 3 forks, value 6d.; 3 spoons, value 3d.; 3 brushes, value 2s.; 1 curry-corah, value 6d.; and 1 lamp, value 6d.; the goods of 



Richard Keily, the master of the said William Taylor.






WILLIAM PEARCE
. I am a policeman. On 22d March, at ten o'clock at night, I was in Cockspur-street, Charing-cross, about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's—I met Fitness carrying this carpet bag, with this property in it—I asked him what he was carrying—he said his matter's clothes—I asked where he brought it from—he said from a house in Pall-mall—I asked him the number of the house in Pall-mall; he could not tell me—I said then I should take him to the station-house—he said rather than go there, he would go back to the house he had brought it from—as we returned he laid he brought it from No. 6, Pall-mall—we went down Pall-mall, and found that was false—I told him I should not leave him till I saw whether he was right or wrong—he then took me to No. 6, Cleveland-row, which is the prosecutor's—he rang the area bell, and Taylor came up the area steps to answer the bell—I said, "I have stopped this man with a carpet bag, which he says is his master's clothes, and that his master has been dining here"—Taylor said, "It is quite right, I am sorry you detained him, he ought to have been home by this time with his master's clothes;" the servant girl came up, and also said it was right—I said, "Then I shall let him go; "he got about twelve yards from the house, when the prosecutor came out of the street door, and asked what was the matter—I told him, and he said, "I know nothing about a carpet-bag; where is the man? "I said, "There he goes;" he, hearing me speak to Mr. Keily, turned into Russell-court—I followed, but could not see him—I ran to the end of James-street, but could not find him—I returned, and said I believed he had escaped—the gentleman said the court was no thoroughfare, and he must he there—I returned again, and called a brother officer to come with his lantern, and at last I saw him run—I pursued after him—he was making his way across St. James-street—a man stopped him—I took him back to the court, and asked him for the bag he was carrying—he said he knew nothing of any bag—it was found and brought to me—I took possession of it—I detained him till Mr. Keily brought Taylor there in custody—the bag was locked—it was broken open, and the articles, named ill the indictment, found in it—the spoons are not silver.


Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Was Mr. Keily present when the bag was opened? A. He was—Fitness was flurried when I stopped him—Cleveland-row is nearly in a line with Pall-mall—the female servant also said, it was all right—I am quite certain Fitness is the man.





MR. RICHARD KEILY
. I live in Cleveland-row. Taylor was my footman—he had been so between three or four months—I know nothing of Fitness—my attention was attracted by the conversation with the officer, and as so many robberies had been committed about that time I was determined to see about it—I said no gentleman had dined at my house that day—the moment Fitness heard me speak, he took to his heels and went down the court—I knew he could not get out of the court, it being no thoroughfare—he was taken at last, and I took Taylor to the station-house—the property in the bag is mine—some of it I swear positively to, and I believe it all to be mine.

Cross-examined. Q. What can you swear positively to? A. The glass was cut to match some I had of the same pattern, and the number corresponds with what is missing—I had not seen the curtains for a month—I missed none of my plate but a tea-spoon, and two dessert-spoons—Taylor had the care of my plate—the bag is not mine.





WILLIAM BAKER
. I am a policeman. I heard this alarm—I took Taylor into custody, concealed behind the back kitchen door, in the house.

TAYLOR—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

FITNESS—


GUILTY
. Aged 27.—


Transported for Seven Years.
