



1330. 




ROBERT ABRAHAM



 was indicated for embezzlement.


MR. JERNINGHAM
conducted the Prosecution.





ROBERT DUNCAN
. I am clerk to Messrs. John and Alfred Blyth, engineers, of Fore-street, Limehouse. I have known the prisoner thirteen months—he has been employed by Messrs. Blyth to go on errands, and clean the office—on Saturday last, the 6th of May, I desired him to go to Mr. Stronger for 2l. worth of copper—we are in the habit, on Saturday of sending there for 50l.—he always went for it—I desired him to say, that in the course of a short time I should send over the cheque, and for him to bring the rest—the prisoner brought in the copper, and said in half an hour the rest of the change would be ready—I did not see him again that day—I inquired for him about the time that he had said he was to have gone for the rest of the change, and he had absconded.





MARY ANN HEWITT
. I attended to the bar at Mr. Stronger's, the David and Harp, in Fore-street, Limehouse. On Saturday, the 6th of May, the prisoner came to our house about ten minutes before three o'clock—he had been in the habit of coming for change—he said he wanted 2l. worth of coppers—I gave them to him, and told him to come in a short time and the other change would be ready—he came again, and I gave him 48l.—I asked him for the cheque—he said Mr. Blyth was not in the way, but as

soon as he was the cheque would be sent—he did not bring the cheque—I did not see him afterwards—they sent another lad as he was not in the way.

COURT. Q. Did he want this 48l. on account of his master, Mr. Blyth? A. Yes, and I parted with it under that supposition, as he usually had it before.





WILLIAM CLEAVER
 (police-sergeant A 3.) I was on duty at Astley's Theatre on Monday night, the 8th of May—in consequence of a handbill I arserted the prisoner in the pit—he had another boy with him, and two prostitutes—I fixed on the prisoner from his haying lost his arm, which he attempted to conceal, and at the end of the first act I went and asked him his name—he would not tell me—I found on him a blue bag with twenty-two sovereigns, two half-sovereigns, two shillings, and two silk handkerchiefs—I asked him where the rest of the money was—he told me he did not know, at some one had nailed it from him—I asked him his name again in the station-house—he said I should know it in the morning, what was the odds about his name.




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
