





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
144. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     PERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering a certain building, within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Susannah 
                           Nash
                        




                     
                  , and occupied therewith, but not being part thereof, and feloniously stealing one bushel and a half of onions, value 5s., her property
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  RICHARD 
                  ROSEWELL
               



            . I am gardener to Mrs. 
               
                  Susannah 
                  Nash
               



            . of Hyde-house, Edmonton


; it is her dwelling-house. On Saturday, the 4th of December
, I had some onions hanging round the tool-house, which is enclosed within the fence with the dwelling-house - they were tied up; I and my man had tied them - I should know the ties again; I went there on the Monday morning about seven o'clock, and all the onions which had been tied were gone - the outer door was closed; I opened that, and saw the other close, with the lock hanging to it.
COURT. Q. What was the fence composed of? A. Brick-work, and a door-way, that door was found closed - the persons who entered the tool-house did not go that way, they went across a ploughed field and then into the garden.
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you see foot marks at the back of the premises? A. Yes, of two persons - there is a ploughed field and a grass field at the back, and then an entrance into the garden; the door of the tool-house is at the back of the premises, and the footsteps were traced down the garden - the tool-house door was drawn too, but not locked; I pushed that open, and saw the lock hanging to the inner door, and the onions were gone; it had been secure on the Sunday - the onions had not been cut off, but drawn from the ties; I got a search-warrant, and went to Scate's house about eleven o'clock; we found the onions behind the shutter, in a suck - this prisoner did not lodge at Scate's, but Wilson, who has escaped, did - the prisoner and Scate were both apprehended, but the bill was thrown out against Scate - these are the onions, and these are my ties - this is the sack the onions were in.


                  JAMES 
                  PORTER
               



            . I am fellow-gardener with Rosewell - what he has said is correct.


                  HARRIET 
                  SCATE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Scate
               



             - we live at Bury-street, Edmonton, half a mile from the prosecutrix's; I know the prisoner; Wilson is my own brother. On Sunday morning, the 5th of December, about four o'clock, my brother came into my room, and lit a candle at the rush-light I had burning - I was awake, but did not speak to him; my husband was fast asleep - I then thought I heard two persons in the house - I came down and saw Perry and Wilson there; they had some onions - they were picking off the ties, and putting them into a sack, which was afterwards taken by the officer - I said to my brother, "For goodness sake, what have you been after?"- he told me to go to bed again; I think my brother said they went after the apples, but they were gone, and they had brought the onions.

GEORGE AUGUS. I am a labourer, and live in that neighbourhood. On Sunday morning, the 5th of December, I went out between three and four o'clock, and saw Perry and Wilson, whom I knew, on a bridge near my own house, going towards Scate's - Perry had a sack upon his shoulder, three-parts full; it was about the size of this sack.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
