



2352. 




JOHN GRIFFIN
 was indicted

for obtaining 1l. from 



Martin sanderson, by false pretences.






WILLIAM STAFF
. I am a tarpaulin-factor. My places of business are in west Smithfield, and in the Dover-road—my son is in partnership with

me—the prisoner was in my employ very nearly two years—in May lost I called his attention to something in the books—after that he did not attend to the business as before—he left about the latter end of May without notice—I had paid his wages up to the Saturday before—I saw him several times after that—I cannot exactly say when—he was taken on this charge about a month back—he had not returned to my service in the mean time—he had no authority to receive the sum of a guinea in August last of a customer of the name of Sanderson—he never communicated to me that he had been to apply for that money, or to receive it—I received this letter by the post (looking at it)—I have seen him write, and believe this to be his handwriting.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Do you mean this is like his handwriting? A. Yes, I believe that to be his—I would not swear positively—it is unlike his general writing certainly—I can swear I have seen letters of his handwriting which correspond with this—I do not mean to swear that I have ever seen him write like this—he had been in my employ about eighteen months—I cannot tell whether he had had any quarrel with my son shortly before May last—I never heard of such a thing—he did not leave in consequence of having words with my son—he never said any thing to me nor to my son about leaving—I left the management of the business to the prisoner and my son, who was in the habit of having more communication with him than I had—I cannot tell how often he called at my house after he left—I might have seen him two or three times—I knew where he lived for some little time after—I did not know, for a month or three weeks, because he was shifting about—I called on him repeatedly to ask him to return, he did not refuse—he did not return as my servant, but was at my place several times—I often asked him for explanations as to my books, money paid, and so on—he did not always give me an answer to my satisfaction—before I took him on this charge I charged him with behaving improperly as my servant—the last time that I called on him before I took him was the latter end of May, or the beginning of June—I believe it was after that that he called on me, but I had no communication with him—I believe my son had not—he and my son superintended the books in my absence—I sometimes made entries—there were not frequent irregularities occurring from my interferences—I never called on him to account for monies that I had received—my son was in bed when I left home, this morning at half-past eight o'clock—he is not able to come here, he has just come off a journey—he is under the necessity of going to a physician this morning—after the prisoner left my service in May I might have spoken to him about the outstanding accounts—I have not spoken to him frequently since he left my employ about getting orders for me, nor about getting the money for orders he had procured for me.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You do not think this like his ordinary writing? A. No—he is capable of writing different hands—on looking at this I discover some letters which induce me to think it is his writing—after he finally left, on the latter end of May, I had no communication with him on business—I called his attention to some irregularities in the books about a fortnight before—he then came occasionally—he sometimes stopped away one or two days, or a week—the latter part of May was the last time I had any communication with him on business—he called early in June, but I had no communication with him then—my son returned from a journey on Tuesday evening.






MARTIN SANDERSON
.—I am inn-keeper and coach-proprietor at the Boar and Castle, Oxford-street. I am a customer of Staff and Son—I had an article of them in January last—it came to a guinea—the prisoner called on the 24th of August, and asked for further orders, and was very pressing for them—I wanted a cover for a provender-van—he went into the yard, and said he knew what would do—I gave him the order—he asked me if it would be convenient to pay that little account, and I gave him a sovereign—he wrote this receipt for it in my presence—the bill had been previously left (looking at a letter)—I did not write this, or authorise it to be written—I asked him what would be the price of it, and how long it would take to make—he said we should not fall out about the price, and he could not promise it under about six weeks.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you any partners? A. I work coaches with several people—this tarpaulin was used for some of the coaches—I paid for it, but it has since been charged to the general account—when the prisoner came in August, I knew at once who he was—he was very solicitons for orders—he said "anything in our way?"—there was no mention of the name of Staff and Son, that I can recollect—one of my servants brought him, and said, "Here is this person from Staff and Co."—the prisoner was within five yards and must have heard it.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You bought this yourself individually? A. I did not absolutely buy it at all—he left it—I paid for it out of my own funds.

COURT. Q. Did you receive any orders from your partners to buy it? A. No, I should have appropriated it to my use.—(Receipt read.)
"Martin Sanderson to Messrs. Staff and Son:—One imperial yellow coach-cover, £l. 1s. Received, 24th August. J. GRIFFIN."
(Letter read.) "To Messrs. Staff and Son.—Please to have made immediately, a black or yellow covering for a hay and corn yard, which must be delivered by the 10th of September, without fail; the size 18 feet and 10 feet wide, to be marked Sanderson, Boar and Castle, Oxford-street' on each side. Relying on your punctuality. Yours, &c.,
"Boar and Castle, Oxford-street, 28th Aug. 1838. M. SANDERSON." Sarah Pope, of Bermondsey New-road, gave the prisoner a good character.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
