



1237. 




RICHARD ROWE
 was indicted

for feloniously receiving, on the 
6th of May, 4 fowls, value 6s.; and 2 tame rabbits, value 3s.; the property of 



Frederick Freame; well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.






FREDERICK FREAME
. I live at Finchley. On Friday night last I had six rabbits and ten fowls, in two barns—they were locked up, about one hundred yards from my house—the next morning I found my barns had been broken, and the rabbits and fowls were gone—some of them are here—I can swear to two rabbits, and two of the fowls.





JOHN SMITH
. I am a horse-patrol. In consequence of information, I Went to the prisoner's house on Saturday morning—he lives on Finchley-common, nearly two miles from the prosecutor's, and carries fish about the country—I told him I came to search his house, on suspicion of stealing

this poultry—he did not answer me, but in bringing him away he said the saddle should be on the right horse—I found four fowls and two dead rabbits in the house.





WILLIAM PRINCE
. I am a constable of Finchley-common. I went to Smith's, and went to Howe's house; saw the property, and knew it—I went after Woodward and Collins, from information I received from Mitchell.





ANN MITCHELL
. I live on Finchley-common with the prisoner. George Collins and William Woodward brought these things to our house on Friday morning—it might be between four and five o'clock—I was not at home—they were there before I was—I had met a friend, a wagoner, and had stopped at the Bull, as I was very much intoxicated, and I laid down on the bed and fell asleep directly I came home—Collins brought these fowls and rabbits, and he had four others to go out with that morning—he got in by our leaving the key in the water-closet, and I do not think Howe 'knew any thing about their being there—I do not know how Collins and Woodward got in—I did not let them in—Mary Anthony was in the house—she has not long left her husband—she was sleeping that night with me down at the Bull—she came home with me on this night—she has a bed to herself—I do not know whether she got up to let them in—I do not know how these things got there, but I did not get them there—none of the fowls were cooked that I know of.





JOHN SMITH

re-examined. I found one of the fowls had been cooled and partly eaten before ten o'clock, when I got there.





JAMES JOSHUA BLAGG
. I live at Finchley. On Monday, the 6th of May, at half-past four o'clock, I saw Woodward and two other men near the prosecutor's barn—I do not know who the other two were—one of them had a jacket on, and a large black dog with him.

Prisoner. Woodward and Collins brought them about ten minutes before three o'clock in the morning, and asked me to let them leave them there till they called—I never asked what they were, nor opened the basket.





JOHN SMITH

re-examined. The feathers had been pulled off the fowls in the house, and one of them was cooked.





FREDERICK FREAME

re-examined. These are the feathers, which I believe were on my fowls.




GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Seven Years.
