





1012. 
               
                  
                     ELEAZER 
                     MYERS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing' on the 13th of February
, 2 violins, value 3l. 10s., and 1 violin bow, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     King
                  




               
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  KING
               



            . I keep a broker's shop
 in Upper Rathbone-place


. On the 13th of February the prisoner came to my shop; he said he belonged to a Portuguese vessel - he took a violin out of my window, and asked the price; I told him 2l.; I then showed him another violin and a bow - he asked the price of that; I said 30s.; he then said he belonged to a Portuguese vessel, the Three Sisters, lying in St. Katharine Dock, and was employed by the captain to look out for violias for him; he asked if I would have any objection to let him take the violins to show the captain, if he left above the value of them - I said I had no objection to his taking them, if he left, the full value, if he would bring back the money or the violins, as I would take no goods or any thing of that sort in exchange; I particularly told him that; he then said he would wish to have the property he would leave back again, as it was of more value to him than the violins - he then took out these two shawls from a paper he had under his arm; he knelt down on his right knee, lifted up his two hands, and said, "Pounds more as more as, by Jesus Christ me will not deceive you;" I understood by that 10l.; I then let him have the violins, which were worth 3l. 10s., and he promised to bring back them or the money by three o'clock - he did not return; I did not see him again till the 24th of February, when I met him by accident in Tottenham-court-road; I stopped him, and asked where the violins were - he said he had got them, and I should be sure to have them again; that he had been looking for my shop two or three days, and could not find it - he told me he would give me the violins; he led me on to Cheapside, and opposite Bow church I gave him in charge.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Did he speak tolerably good English? A. He spoke broken English - I did not bargain with him for a shawl for my wife in lien of one of the violins; I did not take the shawls for the violins - he left them as security; here are the shawls.
COURT. Q. You had not sold the violins? A. No, my Lord, not without he brought back the money; I gave him to an officer - he ran from him he was pursued, and taken.


                  JOHN 
                  GREEN
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner in Cox-square when he ran away from the other Policeman.


                  THOMAS 
                  MORFORD
               



            . I am the Police-constable. The prisoner got from me, but was not out of my sight; I pursued him about a quarter of a mile - I was knocked down in Cox-square; I was kicked, beaten, and very ill-treated- I nearly lost one of my fingers, and could not go on duty for three days; we pushed the prisoner into a shop, and sent for assistance - several officers came to us; there were hundreds of people round us.


                  SAMUEL 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am foreman to a pawnbroker. I have the two violins, which were pawned on the 13th of February.(Property produced and sworn to.)
MR. MANNING. These shawls are worth about 4s. each.
Prisoner's Defence. I went to the prosecutor's shop, and asked if he wanted to buy shawls for his wife - he said Yes - he asked how much, and said he had no money but had good violins; I being a musician, can play a violin- he asked to change shawls for violins - I do not know whether I have a right to change.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
