



632. 




WILLIAM LUPTON
 was indicted

 for that he, on the 
2nd of January, feloniously did forge an order for payment of money, which is as follows:—"London, January 25.—Messrs. Herries and Co., Pay to M. S. 


Chifney, or Bearer, the sum of 500l.






RICHARD TATTERSALL"
—with intent to defraud Sir Thomas Harvie, Farquhar, and Co., against the Statute.—2nd COUNT, for offering, uttering, disposing of, and putting off a like forged order, with a like intent.—Two other COUNTS, calling it a warrant for payment of money.—4 other COUNTS, stating his intent to be to defraud Richard Tattershall.—8 other COUNTS, the same, only omitting to set out the forged instrument.

MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





SAMUEL COLEMAN
. I am porter at the New Hummums, Covent-gardon. On Friday, the find, of January, the prisoner came into the hall at the Hummums, a few minutes before three o'clock—he had a green shade over his eyes, and a cloak on, which resembled this one—he inquired for Major James—I said I did not know Major James—he said he was going to dine there—I said I did not know him, but very possibly he might be coming to dime there—he then said, "I want a porter to walk with me a little way, I have something for him to do"—I went out with him—we went down Tavistock-row, and down Bedford-street—when we got to the bottom the prisoner went into Mr. Webb's shop, at the corner of the Strand and Bedford-street, and he desired me to wait outside—he came out again with a letter in his hand, and crossed over to the other corner of Bedford-street—he held the letter up, and directed me to go with it—he said, "Take this to No. 16, St. James's-street, and wait an answer, and I shall be at the Hummums"—this is the same letter, I have every reason to believe

—(looking at it)—I went to No. 16, St. James-street—I found it to be the Banking-house of Herries, Farquhar, and Co.—I went in and gave the letter to Mr. Hance, one of the clerks—I was taken into a back parlour where some gentlemen sat—they asked me from whom I brought the letter, and I told them I brought it from a gentleman, but I did not know his name—there was some conversation between them, but I cannot tell what, and I was allowed to come out—when I came out, I saw the prisoner looking at me very intently, and watching me—he was facing the door in St. James-street—I had my hand in my pocket, and walked on—the prisoner followed me round into King-street—I noticed him very much, and was almost positive he was the man that gave me the letter—I went back, and stated my suspicions to the clerks at the banking-house—there was some time elapsed, and Mr. Hance then came out with me—we went up to St. James-square, and saw the prisoner on the right hand side of the square, nearly facing No. 6, on the Pall-Mall side—I tapped him on the shoulder as he was walking gently on—I said, "I beg your pardon, but I believe you are the gentleman who gave me a letter from the Hummums, and took me to the bottom of Bedford-street—he said, "No, I think you are mistaken"—when I heard his voice, I was almost positive he was the man—Mr. Hance then came up and spoke to him, and asked him to walk back to the banking-house with us—we came back together, Mr. Hance taking hold of his arm, and I walked a little behind, just behind the prisoner, as close as I could walk—as we were going along, Mr. Hance said, "He has thrown something down, pick it up"—I saw a person walking behind me, and he picked up a green shade—he was holding it in his hand—I said, "I beg your pardon, give that to me, it belongs to this gentleman"—I might have said, "I beg your pardon," I will not be positive—the person gave me the shade—this is it—I do not know whether the prisoner heard what I said about the shade—he might have heard it—I do not know that he did—this shade is very similar to the one the prisoner had over his eyes when he came to the Hummums.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I thought you said it was about three o'clock when the person you call the prisoner came to the Hummums, did you observe the clock? A. I said a little before three o'clock, it perhaps might want ten minutes—our people were dining at the time, and I was in the hall—there is a clock in the hall—I had looked at it—I should think it was about seven minutes before three o'clock—I could not say to the moment—the cloak and shade rather concealed the person—the shade concealed his eyes, and the cloak concealed his person and dress in some manner—I could see his legs, he had boots and trowsers on—I believe his trowsers were blue—he had a hat on—the shade projected a little beyond his hat, it being over his face—I could see the bottom portion of his face—I have no doubt I should know the man if I saw him in Yorkshire a year hence—he has a particular voice.

Q. You said, before he spoke, and after he had spoken, that you were almost positive he was the man—I suppose you mean you were not quite positive? A. When I heard him speak I was quite positive—the person who came to the Hummums seemed lame, and leaned on my arm—when we saw the prisoner in St. James's-square he was not walking lame—I believe the man is not here who picked up the shade, he seemed a working man—I saw him pick it up, where it came from I cannot tell—I saw him stooping and picking it up, when Mr. Hance told me the prisoner had dropped something—I did not inquire who he was—I did not ask his name

and address—the prisoner walked slowly from the Hummums to the baker's shop, leaning on my arm.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you know any thing of the lameness more than that he appeared to be so? A. No.

COURT. Q. You say he walked slowly? A. Yes, and pressed on my arm—he said he was lame—it was his own observation—at that time he had a cloak and a shade on—he had no stick.

Prisoner. Q. When you saw me in the Square did you not say you thought that was the man from his hat and boots? A. I did not say so there—I have said so.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Where aid you say that? A. I do not recollect where, but I did not say it there—my memory is not bad.

Prisoner. At the station-house, when they asked you whether you could not swear to my voice, did you not say, "No, the person was so muffled up when he spoke?" Witness. No, I have no recollection of it—I will not swear I did not—I might have said it and forgotten it.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you notice the hat and boots of the person? A. Yes, the hat was bent in behind.

Prisoner. This is the hat I had on (putting it on.) Witness. I believe it is.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did not you, at the police-office, insist upon the hat, and cloak, and screen being put upon the man? A. I did not—they were put on him.

COURT. Q. Did that increase to diminish your opinion that he was the same man? A. I was convinced he was, when I saw him dressed in the same way as the man was who addressed me at the Hummums—I first remarked that his hat was bent behind when he walked arm in arm with me—I am taller than him, and I noticed it; and I saw the same bend in the hat when I saw him in St. James'-square—I cannot say that I made that remark before the magistrate—I might have said it.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was what you said read over to you? A. Yes, I signed it—I cannot call to mind whether I mentioned about the bend in the hat.





HENRY HANCE
. I am clerk in the banking-house of Messrs. Herries, Farquhar, and Co.—Sir Thomas Harvie Farquhar is one of the partners, and he has more than one partner—Messrs. Tattersalls keep cash at our house—on the 2nd of January, between three and four o'clock, I was at the counter—this witness came in, and brought this letter—upon opening it, I found it confined the draft—I suspected it was not genuine—I asked Coleman in, and he was asked some questions—we were satisfied with his account, and let him go—in the course of a minute or two he came back and made a communication which induced me to go out, and I saw the prisoner standing at the corner of King-street and St. James'-street, with a red pocket-handkerchief in his hand—I went out at our private-door in King-street, not the door that Coleman went out at—the prisoner seemed to be watching the door of the banking-house in St. James'-street—I went round to Coleman—the prisoner had then left the corner, and was going in the direction of St. James'-square—we went in that direction, and overtook the prisoner in St. James'-square—Coleman accosted him, and said he was the party who had sent him with a letter to St. James-street—the prisoner said, "Not me, Sir"—Coleman persisted in it, and said he was positive he was the man—I asked the prisoner to return with me, and I took hold of his right arm—I asked him

if he had no better employ than sending porters to banking-houses—he said, "I do not know any thing about it, it was not me"—he then proceeded in the direction of the banking-house, and I asked where he had been for the last ten minutes—he said, "Making a call in King-street, at No. 10, but the house was shut up"—I observed, that was a gambling-house—he said it was, or "Yes"—I asked if he knew Mr. Chifney—he said he knew two gentlemen of the name of Chifney—he wished to disengage himself from my hold, and said there was no occasion for that.

Prisoner. That was in the square—when you took hold of me, I said I would walk without your holding me. Witness. We then proceeded towards the banking-house—Coleman walked with us abreast—the prisoner put his right hand into his breeches pocket, and was feeling about—some time after he drew it out, and I saw something on the pavement, on the spot which we had passed immediately before—I think it was about twelve yards from us—I had not noticed any thing when I had passed that part of the pavement.

COURT. Q. Had it so happened that you had passed and repassed the same spot? A. Yes; but that was some minutes previously.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What did you do? A. I told Coleman to pick it up—I believe I said "He has dropped something, pick it up"—a person took it up, and was in the act of fixing it on the palisades of a house, and Coleman took it off—the person gave it up instantly to Coleman, who has retained it ever since—I told Coleman the prisoner had dropped something, and told him to pick it up, in a tone of voice that the prisoner could hear, but he said nothing.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the prisoner walk very lame? A. Not at all, Sir—when I took him by the arm, he told me to let him go, he could walk by himself—when I saw him in King-street, he was walking up and down, but not going from the corner—he spoke to one of the men who were at work, doing some repairs at Crockford's, which is called St. James's Bazaar—that is not No. 10—I believe No. 10 is a gaming-house—he might have been there before I came out—he walked with me to the banking-house—I asked him if he knew Major James, and he said he did not—the officer was sent for—the prisoner's residence was not asked in my hearing till he was at Marlborough-street—he gave it without any reservation, and I believe it was correct—I did not attend particularly to where it was.





HENRY SHERSBY
. I am in the employ of Mr. Webb, No. 422, Strand, at the corner of Bedford-street. On the 2nd of January, a person came into the shop about three o'clock in the afternoon—to the best of my belief, it was the prisoner—he had a brown cloak on, and a green shade over his eyes—I have no doubt in swearing that this is the cloak—I have seen but one like it in town—my master deals in such articles—I did pot notice the colour of the lining—I cannot say whether this is the shade—when he came into the shop he asked me which was the way to Pall-mall, and I told him—he stood in the shop some little time—I did not notice that he had any thing in his hand—when he left our shop I saw him in conversation with Coleman, at the other corner of Bedford-street, by Mr. Ward's, the baker—they then separated, and the prisoner went into Mr. Ward's.

Cross-examined. Q. What peculiarity is there in this cloak? A. It is a peculiar colour, a reddish brown—I believe the prisoner to be the man.





AUGUSTA WARD
. I am the daughter of Mr. Ward, a biscuit-baker, at the corner of Bedford street. On the 2nd of January, I was in the shop,

about three o'clock in the afternoon, a person came in and asked to leave a cloak—he took it off, and laid it on the counter—he said, "Will you allow me to leave this till I return from Charing-cross?"—I did not take notice of the person—I cannot tell whether it was the prisoner or not—the policeman afterwards came, and had the same cloak, about nine o'clock in the evening—the gentleman who was to return from Charing-cross never came for it.

COURT. Q. Did you remark the size or general appearance of the person? A. No, my Lord, I did not take any notice of him; but from what little I saw of him, I should say the prisoner is the man—he was in the act of taking the cloak off as he came into the shop—I was in the parlour, and came into the shop.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe you took no particular notice of the person? A. No.





ELIZABETH WARD
. I am sister of the last witness. I recollect, on the 2nd of January, a person coming into my father's shop—I was in the parlour behind, but I could see into the shop very plainly—I saw the person taking a cloak off—I should not know him.





RICHARD TATTERSALL
. I am proprietor of the Subscription-rooms, at the corner of Hyde-park. This cheque is not my handwriting, and I never authorized any person to write it—I do not keep a private account at Herries'—we keep the account of the firm there—I have known the prisoner some years—I should call him a leg—he lives by betting—he was in the habit of frequenting our rooms—I have seen him frequently—I have seen him with a cloak on—I could not say as to the colour of it—I have seen him with a shade over his eyes.

Cross-examined. Q. He is a betting man? A. Yes—I think that is not right, but such persons resort to our rooms.





GEORGE STONE
 (police-constable C 99.) On the 2nd of January, I went to Mr. Ward's shop, and received this cloak—the prisoner told me he lived at No. 12, Lascelles-place, Bloomsbury—I found this pocket-book and paper there.





GEORGE HOBBS
 (police-constable C 85.) I searched the prisoner's lodging, at No. 18, Lascelles-place, and I found some papers, which I sealed up.
(The cheque was put in and read.)





RICHARD TATTERSALL

re-examined. There is a jockey very well known, of the name of Chifney. On the envelope, inclosing the cheque, was written, "St. James'-street, No. 16, a cheque, please to send it short"—the sheets of paper, found at the prisoner's lodgings, were the same in size and appearance as the one which had inclosed the cheque, and had the same water-mark; and some slips of paper were found in the pocket-book, the same in size and appearance as the one on which the cheque was written.

Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing of the circumstance, any more than being on the spot in the square—I seem confounded—I can only say I do not know any thing of it—I have nothing to say particularly.





MARY TONBRIDGE
. I live at No. 12, Lascelles-place, Broad-street, Bloomsbury. The prisoner lodged with me last month—he certainly was at home on the 2nd of January—I did not see him at all that day myself—my daughter saw him at three o'clock that day.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Have you seen him with a cloak? A. Yes.

JURY. Q. What sort of a cloak was it? A. I could not tell—I never was very near him when he had it on.


COURT. Q. How long have you known him? A. He lodged with me twelve months last October.





JANE TONBRIDGE
. I live at home with my mother. The last time I saw the prisoner was on Friday—I do not know about how long ago it—I am eleven years old—it was on a Friday, about three o'clock—I asked my mother, because I had to do something for Mrs. Lupton, when Mr. Lupton was gone out—I asked my mother if he was gone out—she said she did not know; and I went up, and saw him sitting by the fire—he went out not long afterwards—I cannot tell how long.

MR. BODKIN. Q. Was this Mr. Lupton's cloak? A. I am sure I do not know—I was not at home when the officer brought this cloak to our house—I did not look at the clock, but my mother said it was three.

Prisoner. She went out at half-past two o'clock for some beer for me.

MR. PHILLIPS
to
MARY TONBRIDGE. Q. What day was it your daughter asked you this question? A. On the day Mr. Lupton was taken into custody—I know the time from my own eight-day clock, which stood in the parlour—my daughter went up stairs, but Mr. Lupton was not gone out.

MR. BODKIN. Q. What time did Mr. Lupton go out? A. I do not know—he was in the house at three o'clock, but after that I cannot tell—I should think my house is about ten minutes' walk from the Hummums in Covent-garden—the officers came to my house when I was not at home—they came a second time, and brought a cloak—they asked if I knew it—I said, it was very like Mr. Lupton's, but I would not swear to it, as there were so many alike.




GUILTY of Uttering. Aged 63.—


Transported for Life.
