






First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
864. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     JONES
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of March, 1 purse, value 1s.; 2 keys, value 6d., and 1 sovereign, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary Ann 
                           Routledge
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .


                  MARY 
                  ANN ROUTLEDGE
               



            . I am single
, and live in Brighton-place, Kent-road. On the 28th of March, about one o'clock in the day, I was in Fleet-street


, and had a black silk bag on my arm, containing two keys and a sovereign - I had not observed either of the prisoners; I was near Carlile's shop, where there was a crowd - my bag was cut through at the bottom, and my purse and money taken out - I observed a boy's hand leaving my bag; I then observed that the bottom of it was cut - the boy was behind me; my brother, who was with me, pursued the prisoners, and took them - I saw my purse at Guildhall, with the sovereign and keys in it, and am certain of it.


                  JOHN 
                  JOSEPH ROUTLEDGE
               



            . I am a linen-draper, and live in Watling-street. I was with my sister - there was a crowd at the corner of Bouverie-street; I had great difficulty to get her through the crowd - she complained of her reticule being cut; I looked round, and a gentleman directed my attention to the two prisoners, who I saw running down Bouverie-street; I followed - they made two or three turns, but I kept them in sight; they were stopped near Temple gate; when I got near them I laid hold of Jones first - he ran to the wall; they were then examining the purse, which was in his hand; just as I laid hold of him he ran to the wall, and threw the purse over, at the back of some chambers - I went afterwards and took it up- I knew the keys in it belonged to my sister.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Whether any body had given it to him you cannot say? A. He had run a considerable distance - I had not noticed him in the crowd; there was a very great crowd by Carlile's - I raised a cry of Stop thief! when I followed him.
Cross-examined by MR. STURGEON. Q. You never saw it in Wilson's hand? A. No, I saw him examining it.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TELFER
               



            . I am assistant to Mr. 
               
                  Charles 
                  Pearson
               



            , a solicitor, and live in New-street. I was in the parlour of No. 20, Bouverie-street, opposite Silver-street, looking out of window with a friend, and observed a number of persons running down Silver-street; I heard a cry of Stop thief! my friend and I immediately left the house, went down Silver-street and Little Lombard-street, and on arriving at the public-house opposite Temple gate, I saw the prisoners in custody of Mr. Routledge; I went with him, and saw the purse found on the coping of a wall at the back of Mr. Coppenden's chambers - it contained a sovereign and two keys, which Miss Routledge claimed before the Magistrate.



                  THOMAS 
                  LIGHTFOOT
               



            . I am an officer. I received the prisoners in charge with the purse.(Purse produced and sworn to)
Wilson's Defence. I was walking down Fleet-street, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I ran, and saw them catch hold of Jones, who I never saw before in my life.
WILSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.





               Transported for Life
            .
