



1181. 




LEWIS JONES
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
7th of May, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 



William Preston, from his person.






WILLIAM PRESTON
. I live in Stafford-place, Pimlico. On the evening of the 7th of May, I was on Holborn-bridge—I felt a tug, and on turning round, I saw the prisoner close behind me—I think there was another with him, but I kept my eye on the prisoner—he crossed the road into Farringdon-street, and I followed him—on the way I met an officer—the prisoner turned into Farringdon-market—I went and challenged him with taking my handkerchief—he said I was mistaken, it was not him—I said I was certain it was—I turned his coat aside, and found it in his coat pocket—I did not at the time recollect that there was my mark upon it, but since then, I have remembered that the print had run in the washing.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Have you never said that you could not identify it? A. No; there are two or three marks on it—the colour is run out.

COURT. Q. Are you sure that this it the same pattern a the one you lost? A. Yes; certain.





CHARLES MOSS
. I am an officer. I saw Mr. Preston take the handkerchief from the prisoner, who said he was innocent—it was between nine and ten o'clock at night—the prosecutor said most distinctly to me, "This is my handkerchief—and gave it into my custody with the prisoner.

Cross-examined. Q. Did the prosecutor point out the prisoner to you when he first spoke to you? A. Yes; the prisoner and he passed me—the prosecutor was following—I turned and went with him into the market—there were many persons passing.

Prisoner's Defence. The officer said he heard every word that the gentleman said to me, and when he took it out of my breast, he said, "I think this is mine."

MR. PRESTON. When I turned his coat back, I said, "I think here it is," but when I drew it out I said, "This is mine."
(John Levi, a pencil-maker, Jerusalem-passage, and Henry Cowan, his foreman, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
