



2148. 




JEREMIAH LYONS



. as indicted for stealing, on the 
12th of June, 1/2 a yard of velvet, value 10s., and I comforter, value 6d., the goods of 



John Maloney, his master.






JOHN MALONEY
. I am a tailor, and live in Holloway-place, Shoreditch. On the 3rd of June, the prisoner applied to me to employ him, stating that he was in great distress—he was a stranger to me—I took him in out of charity, boarded and lodged him, and gave him 4s. a week—on the 12th of June, he went away without any notice, and I missed the property stated—I met him on the 15th of July in the City—he asked me how I did, I said, "Very well"—he acknowledged that he had taken the things and sold one of the velvet collars for 18d., (it cost me 7s. 6d.)and said he had been to Bristol since—he said, "I will make you recompense"—I said, "If you will return to my house, you shall work it out, and I will give you wages"—he said he should be ashamed to face my wife—I walked with him till we met a policeman, and I gave him into custody.





JULIA MALONEY
. I am the prosecutor's wife—on the 12th of June, the prisoner came and asked me to lend him a comforter—he said he should return in the course of an hour, but I never saw him afterwards—I have not found it since.

Prisoner. Q. Did not you tell me I had better go and look for some work, as your husband was going to America, and you had no work? A. That is a story, we had work in the house—four coats.





JEREMIAH CALAGHAN
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody.

Prisoner's Defence. The morning I left, he and his wife had a row. and he told me he was going to America—I said he had better sit down to his work, he said he would not—I came down and told his wife he was going away—she said I had better go and look for work elsewhere—after breakfast I was going out, and asked her to lend me a handkerchief to put round my. neck, and she gave me a comforter—I know nothing about the collars.




GUILTY
.—Aged 21. 


Transported for Seven Years.
