





1610. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     INGLESBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Rilke
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
HENRY RILKE. On the 24th of July I was at the corner of Abchurch-lane


, between eleven and twelve o'clock, at noon - a tradesman, whose house I was passing, stepped out and said, "Have you lost any thing?" I felt, and said, "My handkerchief;" he pointed to the prisoner who was passing briskly; I saw him buttoning his coat, and I cried Stop thief! - he ran down Suffolk-lane; I followed, and never lost sight of him - when I came up to him I snatched his hat off his head; my handkerchief was not in it, but another was; I searched him down, but did not feel it, but before I let him go, a person cried, "Have you lost any thing? that man has thrown a handkerchief down here," and gave me my handkerchief - I did not see it on the pavement; it is mine.


                  THOMAS 
                  DAY
               



            . I saw the prisoner coming down the lane on the 24th of July, with this handkerchief in his hand; I tried to stop him, and just gave him a check; he threw or dropped the handkerchief down - I took it, and gave it to the prosecutor.


                  JOHN 
                  HACKET
               



            . I am a constable. I took the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to my brother-in-law's, and heard of a situation - I ran to tell my father, and this gentleman came and caught hold of me - he took my handkerchief out of my hat, and held me twenty minutes before an officer came.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
