



2285. 




JAMES SMITH
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
6th of september, 2 mares, price 52l. 10s., the property of 



Edwin Julian, and others.


MR. ADOLPHUS
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM RICHES
. I live at Walton, in Suffolk. I was formerly in the service of Nalton Julian, and am now in the employ of his executors, Edwin Julian and others—they had two cart mares intended for sale—on Wednesday night, the 19th of September, the mares were turned out of the

stable into the straw-yard, which was secured with two gates, which have a latch and hank—the gates were fast at nine o'clock, and both mares in the yard—one was bay, and the other black—I was used to them so as to know them again—I went into the straw-yard about half-past five o'clock in the morning—the gates were then open, and the mares gone—I was not the first that went into the yard—business had then commenced—I traced the mares' feet-marks out of the yard—I came to London on the Friday morning, with Mr. Waller, one of the executors—I saw the mares on Sunday morning, at Mr. Schole's stable—they were those that were taken from the premises on Wednesday night—I am certain—I had not a doubt of then the moment I saw them.





JOHN SMITH
. I was the first person who went to the straw-yard on Thursday morning—I found the gates latched, but not hanked, as they were the night before—I missed the mares—I knew them quite well when I saw them in London.





EDWIH JULIAN
. Mr. Nathaniel Julian was my brother—I and two others are his executors. On hearing that the mares were missing I came to London from Dover, in consequence of a letter I received from Dixon's repository, having ordered rewards to-be offered—they were worth least fifty guineas.





FIAKCIS DUKES
. I am employed at Dixon's Repository, in Barbican. On Friday morning, the 21st of September, the prisoner brought two cart mares to the yard—he said he had brought two cart mares for sale, and gave his name Thomas Ford ham, of Romford—he said, probably he might attend the sale, but in the event of his not doing so they were to be sold the best bidder—the sale was the same day, and from the shortness of the time I advised him to attend the sale—he then asked me what I thought they would fetch at the hammer—I looked at them in a hurry, and said I thought about fourteen or fifteen guineas each, but still advised him to attend the sale—Mr. Scholes had applied to me to send him two mares, and I ultimately purchased these two of the prisoner for 25l. and expenses—Mr. Scholes was to pay Mr. Dixon's expenses—it is a rule with us to pay for horses only on Monday, and not under any circumstances at any other time—on returning to the counting-house, about an hour after, I found a bill describing two cart mares as having been stolen—I sent the bill to the Elephant, in Fore-street, where Mr. Scholes lives, and he came to me—in consequence of what he said I wrote according to the directions in the handbill, and stopped Scholes from using the mares—I saw the mares on Saturday in the Old Bailey—they were the same—Mr. Julian and his man came to me on Sunday morning—I sent them to Mr. Scholes, and they owned the mares—we sent for Herdsfield, and met him on Sunday morning in Lad-lane on Monday morning he was attending in my house, and I received this letter by a porter, requesting the money for the mares—I wrote a cheqe with out a signature, enclosed it in a note, gave it to the man, and informed Herdsfield, who followed him.





THOMAS LAIDLER
. I am a porter. On Monday, the 24th of September, I was in cheapside, where I stand—I saw the prisoner, who gave me a letter to go to Dixon's, in Barbican, and said there would be a small parcel to bring back—he told me to bring it to Williams's coffee-house, opposite the Post-office—I went to Dixon's, and they gave me a letter—I do not know what was in it—I gave it to the prisoner in St. Martin's-le-Grand—I

saw him in the street, and immediately Herdsfield came up and took him into custody.





THOMAS HERDSFIELD
. I am a City police-officer. In consequete of information I received I waited at Dixon's Repository—I followed Laidler, and did not lose sight of him—I saw him deliver the letter to the prisoner, whom I seized with it in his hand—it contained a blank cheque.





JOHN SCHOLES
. I am proprietor of the Elephant Inn, in Fore-street. On the 21st of September I received two cart mares from Dixon's Repository, and put them into my stable—they have been claimed by Mr. Julian—they are the same I received from Dixon's.





EDWIN JULIAN
. The place the mares were taken from is eighty miles from town.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
