




1611. 




ELIZABETH JANE WALES
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of May, in the dwelling-house of 




Ann Parrott, 1 handkerchief, value 1s.6d.; 1 petticoat, value 1s.; 2 sovereigns, 1 £10 and 1£5 Bank-note, her property; she having been before convicted of felony; and




WILLIAM PARTRIDGE
 was indicted for

 feloniously receiving the said £10 Bank-note, well knowing it to have been stolen, against the Statute, &c.






ANN PARROTT
. I am a widow. My dwelling-house is in the Woolwich-road near the Hare and Billets in the perish of Greenwich—I go out charing, and keep fowls and pigs—I let lodgings sometimes—I had not been acquainted with Wales more than five days before this happened—she was entirely a stranger before I first saw her, which was on a Monday in May, and I missed my property on Saturday, the 14th—the ostler at the Hare and Billet came to me about half-past nine o'clock in the evening, and asked me if I could let her have a night's lodging—she came with him—he said she had no money, but what charge I made charge I made he would pay, which he did—it was 4d. for the night's lodging—she slept there on that night, and the next morning she left to go to Gravesend, as she said, to receive some money—I believe she was gone three or four days—she returned again and came about half-past nine o'clock at night, (I think it was on Tuesday,) and said would I let her have a lodging—she remained with me till the Saturday—on the Thursday I went out to cook a dinner, and I left her in my house—on the Friday I went out to clear up what was left and returned—I found nothing a miss till the Saturday night—I was

at home all that day doing my work, and the prisoner was in the house with me—I had not looked to see whether my property was safe on the Friday or Saturday—it might have been taken away on the Friday—I kept it in a chest, down stairs—I had seen it was right on the Thursday—it was in a pocket-book, in a small chest which was locked—on the Saturday evening I discovered my loss, I went up to Greenwich on an errand about seven o'clock, and left the prisoner in the house—as I was returning I met her about half or a quarter of a mile from the house—she said she was going to William Partridge to carry his provisions and some things—I had seen him twice at my house—on the Friday evening he was there—she had got a basket and she said she was to see him at eight o'clock, and she would be back by nine o'clock—she did not come by ten o'clock, and I waited till near eleven o'clock—I was then going to bed, and found the bad-room door locked—there was no reason for her not returning that I know of—I could not find the key—she slept in the same room with me—part of the property was down stairs in the chest, and the handkerchief was in the bed-room—I was obliged to break my bed-room door open, and then I found the drawer open—the key of the bed-room was put in a place where I did not find it for a day or two after—I missed a handkerchief from the drawer, and them I found the keys and came down, and found my chest all tumbled about—I missed from my pocket-book one £5 and one £10 note, and two sovereigns—I went to see about it, and met the policeman—he went in search of her—I never permitted her to take or property—she was without money, and clothing almost—she had no money to pay her lodgings—I gave her her breakfast—she was shabby and poor in appearance, and she told me she was destitute of money—she had a change of linen from me.

Prisoner Wales. Q. Did you lend me any linen to put on my person? A. Yes—I never authorized you to pledge a petticoat and a handkerchief.

Q. Did you not tell me you were out of money, and I was to write you a petition to give to the member of Parliament? A. No—I had to set up a son in business, and a person told me if I was to draw a petition I might get some money.

COURT. Q. Did you lend her 2l.? A. Never.





RICHARD IRWIN
. I keep the Sun Tavern, in Shooter's-hill Road I paid the prosecutrix a £10 note on Friday, the 20th of March—this is the same note—I received it from Masters and Co. on the 25th of March—here is my name on it, which I marked at the time (looking at it).





JOHN RICHARD WILLIAMS
. I am a licensed victualler. The priosner Wales, came on the 14th of May, to my house, and called for glass of shrub and brandy—Mrs. Williams served her—she then called for a pint of half-and-half—there was a waterman with her—she gave him the half-and-half, and drank the shrub and brandyshe tendered a sovereign to Mrs. Williams, who went and got the change in the tap-room, and gave it to her—she asked the waterman to give her a piece of paper, which he did—she put it on the counter, and put the silver into it, and then she took a parcel, either out of her bosom or pocket—she turned it over the silver, and I saw it was a £10 note, but by the bulk of it I think there was more than one, but I can swear to a £10 note.

Wales. He never saw the note opened.





JOHN ADAMAN
 (police-sergeant R 1) received information from

the prosecutrix—I mad inquiry—I went on board the Dreadnought, and took the male prisoner into custody—he is carpenter's mate on board, but I found nothing on him but 3s. 6d.—he was in the cage on Sunday, and on Monday I received further information that the money was sewn up in his pocket—I went, and found he had got an extra jacket, and I cut this £10 not out of the cuff of this jackets, which I have here.





POSTHUMOUS MENSE
 (police-constable R 195) On Monday, the 16th of May, I received information that the female prisoner was drinking at the Unicorn public-house, in Horse Ferry-road—I went and took her, and on her I found a duplicate of the petticoat and silk handkerchief—she took the duplicate out of her pocket, and I took it immediately.





EDWARD CARTER
. I am a pawnbroker at Greenwich. I have a petticoat and a handkerchief which were pawned by the female prisoner in the name of Wales.





ANN PARROTT

re-examined. This is my handkerchief and my petticoat—I never permitted her to pawn them, or to take any thing—I took her in from charity—she said she was a parson's daughter.





CHARLES NICHOLLS
 (police-constable R 164) I produce a certificate of the prisoner Wales's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office (read)—she is the person.





JOHN ADAMAN

re-examined. When I went on board the Dreadnought, I asked Partridge if he had been on shore that night—he said, "Yes"—I said, had he been in company with a female—he said, yes a woman he cohabited with, but he wished he could get rid of her—I asked if he had got any money—he said, no, she had given him no money whatever—he said he had sent her 10s. to get what she wanted—he said she gave him no money or notes.

Wales's Defence. This man has been my only protector for twelve months—I thought to go to my parish, but they would not do any thing for me—I determined to go there—I received 1l. 0s. 4d. in silver, and then I met a man who gave me a sovereign for the silver—I walked as far as Greenwich on this night, and the ostler took me to Mrs. Parrott's—in the morning I got up, and told her I was to go to Gravesend again by order of the overseers—I returned on the Tuesday, and the man and she were drinking some beer together—she said she had to go to Woodwich, and could not see me till seven o'clock in the evening—she came home and took me in again, and on the Wednesday, she said she was going to cook a dinner—she left me 2 1/2., and said if I wanted any thing I might pledge her handkerchief and petticoat; and in the evening a respectable man passed, and beckoned to me—he gave me two half-crowns, and appointed me to meet him again, which I did—he told me I should never want for any thing any more and gave me a note and told me it was a £2 note—the male prisoner came on shore, and said he would send me his money to get his things—the person told me at the shop that if I stopped at the prosecutrix house, she would say I had robbed her, as she had been un Newgate with a person not long before—I said she could not lose by me, because she was very poor—I then went to Partridge, and gave him the note and two shillings, and he did not know how I came by it—the prosecutrix desired me before to write to Mr. Angerstein to get some money—she said she would go and take a lodging at Woolwich, where there were many officers, as I was a good-looking woman we should do very well.


William Partridge's Defence. The woman gave me the note, and as I did not know where she got it, I sewed it up.





ANN PARROTT

re-examined. The £10 note I lost was the one I received from Mr. Irwin.

WALES—


GUILTY
. Aged 35.—


Transported for Life.

PARTRIDGE—


GUILTY
.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.—



Confined for One Year.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

