



1601. 




WILLIAM COLE, alias
 White

, was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Joseph Ancony, on the 
11th of May, at Barking, and stealing therein 1 coat, value 1l.; 1 waistcoat, value 5s., 1 pair breeches, value 15s., 7 yard printed cotton, value 10s.; 3 sheets, value 12s.; 1 apron, value 1s. 6d.; 1 ear-ring, value 3s.; 1 handkerchief, value 4s.; and 4 shillings; his goods and monies—2nd COUNT, stating to be the dwelling-house of 



Robert Westley Hall Dare, Esq., since deceased.






JOSEPH ANCONY
. I was lodge-keeper to the late Mr. Robert Westly Hall Dare, M. P.—he was living on the 11th of May in the parish of Barking. I left my house about eight o'clock that morning, and came to town with my family—we left all secure, and my wife locked the door in my presence—my wife returned about eight o'clock at night, and I returned about nine o'clock—I found my coat, waistcoat, and breeches gone, also a basket, 4s. in money, seven yards of print, and three sheets—the house had been entered by breaking the window, and unlatching the fastening of the window—the prisoner lived in our neighbourhood.





MARY ANN ANCONY
. I am the prosecutor's wife. I returned to the house about eight o'clock at night—I unlocked the door, and went in—I found the window broken, and opened—there was room for a man to put an arm in and open a latch—the things which were not taken were all left about the room, in a state of confusion—I missed the things my husband has named—I had seen them safe that morning.





CHARLES COLYER
. I am a policeman. On the 11th of May last, about three o'clock in the afternoon, I apprehended the prisoner in Milend-road—he

was riding on one of the Stratford flies, coming towards London—he had a basket on the fly with him—it was given to me by the coachman, in his presence, who said it belonged to the prisoner—he did not say any thing to that—I found this coat, waistcoat, breeches, and clothes in the basket, and in his coat pocket this silk handkerchief and some money—I asked him how he came by the property—he said he had brought the whole of it from his brother, at Ilford—I took him to the police-office.

Prisoner. I told him I bought it for 25s. Witness. When he was at the station-house he stated that he bought them at the Angel, at Stratford, of a man, for 25s., but previous to that he said he brought them from his brother, at Ilford.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 19.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

