





1111. 
               
                  
                     MARGARET 
                     GORMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 9th of May
, 1 shawl, value 15s.; 2 sovereigns, 1 crown, 4 half-crowns, and 12s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     Elizabeth 
                     Kelly
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  KELLY
               



            . I am single
, and live in Cumberland-court, Tottenham Court-road


. The prisoner was servant
 of the house and slept with me; I counted two sovereigns and 27s. in her presence between ten and eleven o'clock at night on the 8th of May - I put them into my brother's box, locked it, and put the key into my pocket; when I went to bed I put that pocket under my pillow - I was to get up at four o'clock the next morning but was rather late, and asked the prisoner to go and assist me to milk a few cows - she returned home before me; I missed my key about nine o'clock, when I went to get something from the box - I broke the box open between eleven and twelve o'clock; I then missed the money, the bag it had been in, and the shawl; the prisoner had gone away about six o'clock - she was taken the same night; she had given no warning.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HAMER
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I went on duty at five o'clock that Sunday afternoon; I received information of this, and a description of the prisoner's person - I took her that evening in Chequer-alley, Bunhill-row; I asked how she came to do it - she said I have part of it in my pocket, and gave me two sovereigns and some silver, and this shawl which was on her back; the bag has not been found - she gave me these two keys; one opens the box.
Prisoner's Defence. She gave me the keys and money to keep for her.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
