





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
259. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WRIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Edward Adolphus James 
                           Walsh
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  ADOLPHUS JAMES WALSH
               



            . I live at Camberwell. On the 8th of October, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I was at the corner of Carter-lane


; I did not feel my handkerchief taken - I received information from a man, then felt my pocket, and it was gone: it was given to me in about ten minutes, by Harslett - I found the prisoner in custody at the top of Creed-lane.


                  JOHN 
                  HARSLETT
               



            . I am a cow-keeper. I was at the top of St. Andrew's-hill, and saw the prisoner in company with another person, step up behind the prosecutor, and take the handkerchief from his pocket; I immediately raised a cry of Stop thief! and told the prosecutor of it - I pursued the prisoner, and saw him throw the handkerchief from him; he got out of my sight - I saw him in custody in about ten minutes, and was quite positive that he was the same person; his companion got away - there was no attempt to take him; I am positive I saw him take the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket - it was picked up by somebody, and given to me; I gave it to the prosecutor.


                  THOMAS 
                  WILMOTT
               



            . I am a Police-officer, and live in Creed-lane. I heard the cry of Stop thief! I went to my door, and saw the prisoner running; I secured him immediately; the prosecutor came up afterwards, and gave me the handkerchief.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
