





1115. 
               
                  
                     JOHN WILLIAM 
                     COPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of May
, 1 sheet, value 5s.; 4 shirts, value 6s.; 1 gown, value 5s.; 1 petticoat, value 6d.; 1 shift, value 4d.; 1 yard of muslin, value 6d.; 1 shawl, value 6d.; 2 pinafores, value 1s., and 1 veil, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Ripp
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  RIPP
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Ripp
               



            , and live in Chester-place, Bethnal-green


. The prisoner's uncle lodged with me for fourteen years - he used to come and see him; he was very good to him - he used to sleep with his uncle at night, and go out in the morning to work as a journeyman shoemaker; he came there on Saturday night, the 1st of May - I went up stairs to find a little bedgown for my child, and this property was in my bed-room - I asked the prisoner's uncle to lend me a light, and the prisoner came and brought it; he saw me take these clean articles and put them in a chair - it was then rather late: I came down after I had put the child to bed - he came and asked if I had heard of the new Act that was about to pass, that no one was to be hung for housebreaking unless they committed murder; I said, "I hope, John, you will never do it;" soon after I heard him go into the yard - he then went up again; soon after I heard him run down stairs very fast, and went through the passage - I said,"Who is that?" he said, "It is I;" I knew his voice, and my daughter said, "That is John, run down, you had better go and see if all is right;" I went up, and saw my drawers shut - I did not look further; I did not miss the things till Sunday morning, when I had not a clean thing to put on; the prisoner did not return that night - he was taken the week afterwards.


                  ROBERT 
                  CULLEY
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner on the 8th of May, in Windmill-street, from information I received from a person named Hawkins: he said he knew nothing about it - I took him to Marlborough-street - he said in going along, "It is a d - d good job you took me to-night, you would not have had me to-morrow; I was going in the country on a tramp;" the Magistrate sent him to Worship-street, and in going along I asked him who the person was who had been robbed - he said,"Ripp, No. 2, Chester-place, Bethnal-green;" I did not then know who it was.
Prisoner's Defence. I know nothing about the things - I went home that night, and went into the passage without any one letting me in; the door is sometimes bolted, but not always.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  RIPP
               



            . I am daughter of the prosecutor. I let the prisoner in that Saturday night - he did not come back to sleep, nor come any more till he was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
