




1310. 




ELIZABETH CLARKE
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
4th of August, 3 spoons, value 1l. 10s.; 1 table-cloth, value 1s. 6d.; 1 shin; value 2s.; 4 sheets, value 7s.; 1 glass dish, value 10s.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 1 ring, value 10s.; and 1 shawl, value 4s.; the goods of 



John Baty, her master; and





HANNAH FREWIN



for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.—2nd COUNT, for receiving them of an evil-disposed person.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN BATY
. I am a tailor, and live in Thanet-place, Temple-bar, and have lived there upwards of forty years. Clarke lived in my service—in consequence of what a policeman named Matthews said, I bad her taken into custody—I looked over my property, and missed, among other things, the articles stated in the indictment.





SAMUEL MATTHEWS
 (police-constable F 29.) I took Clarke into custody at Mr. Baty's house—she said the duplicates were in the little old woman's room, at No. 9, Ship-yard, on the first floor—I went to the old woman's room, which was the prisoner Frewin's, and asked her for the duplicates that were inclosed in the red purse in the glass, on the mantelpiece (as Clarke had told me)—she went, and pulled out from under the bed this purse with the duplicates, and said her boy had picked them up under the table in sweeping up the room in the morning—that was all she

said—I then took her to the station—house, and kept the duplicates—these are them.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You saw Clarke at Mr. Baty's first? A. Yes—she was in great distress, and cried.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRICE. Q. Have you examined the duplicates? A. I have—they are not all in the name of Frewin, but a good many are—there were two bedsteads, one chair, and a table in the room—she is married, and her husband is living there.





WILLIAM TROWBRIDGE
. I am shopman to Joseph Wassel, a pawnbroker in Pickett—street, Strand. Here is one duplicate of ours for a pair of half-boots, one for three spoons, one for a table—cloth, one for a shirt, one for a shift, and one for a shawl—the spoons were pawned in the name of "Frewin, for Mrs. Smith, Thanet—place;" the table—cloth the same; the shirt, "Ann Frewin, Ship—yard," only; the shawl, "Ann Frewin, Ship—yard"—I am quite sure Frewin is the woman who pawned all these things—the earliest date is the 3rd of January, and the last the 18th of April—I know Clarke by sight—I have seen her about the place sometimes, looking into the window, and sometimes standing at the door while Frewin was pledging.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRICE. Q. Did you know Frewin? A. Yes, very well, and where she lived—we do not lend more money when article are pledged by good customers—my master lends as much as they are worth—we have more confidence in old customers than in strangers—Frewin once said to me, "If you don't think it right, you can go over, and inquire at No. 1, Thanet—place"—I asked her who she came from—she said Mrs. Smith's, Thanet—place, and if I liked I might go over and inquire—I went there three times—that is Mr. Baty's house—I saw a tall, fresh—coloured, elderly woman there, who Said it was all right, I had no occasion to be afraid.

MR. DOANE. Q. Was that Mrs. Baty? A. There is no such person—I cannot say whether it was a lady living in the house—I never saw the person before.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is Miss Baty here? A. yes—I would not swear that it was or was not her—I have said so all along——if it was her, she was painted, and had curls.

COURT. Q. Have you any reason to believe she ever painted? A. There is a person here named Reed who said that she knew that Miss Baty painted.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Will you venture to swear that you believe that she was the person? A. No, I would not—I do not know that she is not—I cannot tell her age—I do not think Miss Baty is the person—I did not ask the person her name—I should not know the person's voice.

Q. Show me the duplicates in which Frewin's name alone is inserted? A. These are them (reads)—"Ann Frewin, 18, Ship—yard"—"Ann Frewin, 18, Ship—yard, pair of half—boots, 1s."—I did not take that down from her lips—when I know the customers, I do not always ask their direction—I knew she lived in Ship—yard—no one desired me to put "8" or "18" down—I put it myself—here is "Ann Smith, housekeeper, 1, Thanet-place, by Ann Frewin, 9, Ship—yard"—I do not know how I came to put a different address.

MR. PRICE. Q. You knew perfectly well where the woman lived? A. Yes—it is close by—I am not quite certain that Miss Baty was not the person I saw—I think the person was taller.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you go to the other address in Ship—yard?


A. No—she told me she worked at Thanet—place, and Mrs. Smith sent her—she lives at No. 9, Ship—yard—I have seen the house since—I do not recollect that I ever asked her where she lived—I knew she lived in Ship—yard—I lent 15s. on these silver spoons—she did not want more—she said it was to make up the rent, or she could have had more—it did not strike me to look at the initial of "B" on these spoons—it is plain enough-they were all pledged together.

MR. PRICE. Q. What are these spoons worth? A. We could have lent 30s. on them, but she asked 15s.

COURT. Q. If two had been left you would have lent 15s.? A. Yes—it excited my suspicions, and I went over and inquired, (and the person said it was all right,) not because she was a stranger, but because I thought a person like her could not have three silver spoons—the had pledged trifling things hundreds of times, I suppose.

COURT. Q. You say you did not give more than 15s. for these spoons, because the prisoner did not want more; how came you to lend 6s. the same day on a cut glass? A. That was before the spoons.





JOHN BATY
. These are my spoons—I believe the other things are mine—this cut—glass decanter is mine, and this shirt is mine-this shift is my daughter's—it has "H. B., No. 3" on it-there are two small sheets, which I believe are mine.

MR. PRICE. Q. Will you tell us the value of these large spoons? A. One cost me a guinea and a half—I think these others cost about 6l. the half dozen.

MR. DOANE. Q. Had you employed Clarke to pawn any thing? A. Never in my life—she has never done it with my knowledge.

JURY to WILLIAM TROWBRIDGE. Q. Who said there was 15s. wanted? A. Frewin said that Mrs. Smith wanted 15s. to pay the rent.

MR. BATY. I have no person of the name of Smith in my house.

MRS. REED. I made one pair of these sheets for Mr. Baty.
(—Brown No. 22, Boswell—street, law writer, and Walter vans, Ship—yard, gave Frewin a good character.)

CLARKE—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

FREWIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 46. 



Transported for Seven Years.
