





828. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     CATESBY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of February
, 1 cheese, value 35s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Luke 
                           Ridge
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOLLIS
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Luke Ridge, of Lower Sloane-street, Chelsea


, a cheesemonger
. On the morning of the 27th of February I put a cheese on our show-board - I saw it safe at four o'clock, and did not miss it till the officer came - this is it.
Prisoner. I should like to know how he knows the cheese. Witness. By the private-mark on it - we sell them with this mark, but we had not sold a whole cheese that day, and I do not recollect when we had; we had five or six others about the same size; this has not been in our possession since - the mark was not put on in going to Queen-square; here has been a mark put on, which was wrong - that has been erased, and another put on.


                  MATTHEW 
                  RIORDAN
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the night of the 27th of February I was on duty at Ebury-terrace; there is a grove of trees in front of it - I saw the prisoner going along about half-past ten o'clock, with this cheese on his head; I hailed him to stand; he took no notice, and I ran after him - he was then about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's; I asked where he brought it from; he said it was no business of mine, and it was very odd that men could not go about their lawful business without such busy fellows interfering with them - I then asked where he was taking it to; he said, "Home," but I could get no account that was satisfactory; he mentioned a street, but he was going in quite a contrary direction - I said he should tell me where it came from; he would not, and I took him to the watch-house - he swore, and said, "You may have the cheese, that will be of some use, but I am of no use;" I said I would not part with the cheese nor him; he then said he would not carry it, and I was not aware it was so heavy as it is - he then threw it towards me, struck at me, and broke from me; I parried off the blow, and took hold of him; we had a hard struggle before I could draw my rattle; when I sprang it, two of my brother officers came, and we took him; he then said he had found the cheese in that grove - I made enquiries, and found the prosecutor, and the shopman swore to it.
Prisoner. Did you not ask where the other two men in the white apron, and the basket were, and say if I could tell you where they were, you would let me go? Witness. No, I did not say I would let you go; I asked where the other two men were - there were three together at first, and I disturbed them; I then saw them again in a quarter of an hour, and the prisoner had the cheese - I found the basket afterwards, but nothing in it.


                  CHARLES 
                  HAWARD HUGHES
               



            . I have a certificate of the former conviction of the prisoner, which I got at Mr. Clark's office; I apprehended him, and know he is the same man (read).



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
