





723. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RICHARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of February
, 2 baskets, value 1s., and 100 lbs. of raisins, value 34s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John Frederick 
                  Fixen
               




             and another.
EDWARD PASSEY. I am carman to John Frederick Fixen and another, wholesale grocers
, Garlick-hill. On the 26th of February, at half-past seven o'clock in the evening, I was going down to Botolph wharf, with thirty baskets of Malaga raisins, in fifteen packages, in my waggon - I stood in Thames-street


, waiting for some carts to unload, and saw the ladder at the tail of the waggon loosened down: it was hooked up before - a person could then reach into the waggon, and take the baskets; I walked to the back of the waggon, and saw the prisoner walking off with two baskets at his back; he was about five yards from the waggon, or hardly so much - he appeared alone - I caught him eight or ten yards from the waggon; he was not out of my sight at all - he had two baskets of Malagas on his back; they formed one package and weighed about I cwt. - he asked what I wanted with him; I said I could not tell yet - he began to tussle, and finding he could not get from me, asked me to let him go, which I refused, as carts are robbed there every night; I had seen him actually take them from the waggon.
Prisoner. It is false. Witness. I am certain I saw him take them from the waggon, and put them on his back.
JOHN WRIGHT. I am warehouseman to the prosecutors. I delivered to the waggoner, in Garlick-hill, a little after seven o'clock, thirty baskets of Malaga raisins, made into fifteen packages - I afterwards saw the package before the Magistrate, and know it to be part of the contents of the waggon, as I had marked them T. M., Colchester.
EDWARD DANDO. I am a constable. I received the prisoner in custody - he said nothing to the charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. Last Saturday five weeks a young man came to my mother's, and said a young man was wanted at the Elephant and Castle - I went there: they were engaged, and as I returned, in Thames-street, by the waggon, I saw two baskets on the ground, and the prosecutor standing over the way, watching them - I thought he was going to steal them; I tried to lift them, but they were so very heavy, and he instantly came and took me.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
