





642. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WILKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of February
, at St. George in the East, 1 bag, value 2d.; 5 sovereigns, 13 half-crowns, 7 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Shepherd
                        




                     
                  , the elder, in his dwelling-house
            .


                  MARTHA 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Shepherd
               



            ; we live in Grove-street, Commercial-road, in the parish of St. George in the East


; we occupy the whole house. On the night of the 14th of February, I was sitting by the fire, with my family; my son took a candle to go to bed, he cried out that there was a man under the bed - I cried out for the Policeman; my husband ran and fetched the prisoner down stairs - I had some sovereigns and silver in a bag, in a drawer up stairs.


                  JAMES 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            , JUN. On the night of the 14th ofFebruary I went into the bed-room with my candle - my father was with me; I saw the prisoner under the bed; we brought him down - he cried for mercy, and said if we would let him go he would tell us what his father was; he produced this bag and money from his pocket, which I know to he my mother's; I had seen him in the street before.


                  RICHARD 
                  MEADOWLEE
               



             (Police-constable H 167.) I took the prisoner - I have the bag, five sovereigns, thirteen half-crowns, and 7s. 6d., which he pulled out of his pocket, in my presence.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
