



2372. 




CHARLES WILLIAMS
 was indicted

 for feloniously forging an order for the payment of 63l., with intent to defraud 



Sir William Esdaile and others—2nd COUNT, for uttering the same with a like intent.


MESSRS. BODKIN and DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD BEACH
. I am a wax an tallow chandler, in Lime-street. On Saturday, the 15th of October, at about eight o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came to my shop, and asked if Mr. Beach was at house—I said "Yes, he is; my name is Beach"—he then handed me this note—it was folded, but had no seal or wafer—I read the note—he said it came from Mr. Harris—I turned the leaf over, thinking the cheque might be on the other side, but I found no cheque there (reads)—"60, Fenchurch-street, 15th October, 1836—Dear Sir, I have just purchased a horse of the bearer, it is too late for him to get the cheque cashed at my banker's—if you will do it, or get it done for him, you will oblige, yours, Charles Harris"—I asked the prisoner if he had the cheque with him—he said yes, he had, but he did not produce it—I then said to him I was very sorry, but I could not accommodate Mr. Harris at that moment, having paid my cash in to my banker's and all that I had in the house, in the shape of money, was a cheque for 100l. 15s., and a few sovereigns—(Mr. Harris is a medical man, and has attended my family for some time)—the prisoner asked me if I would write Mr. Harris a note to that effect—I

I did so, and handed it to the prisoner—at that time I had no suspicion of it being a forgery—I was not acquainted with Mr. Harris's hand-writing—as the prisoner was going out, he said, "It is of no consequence, I am going to Gravesend in the morning, but it will detain me a few hours"—the next morning would be Sunday—that observation caused me to suspect something was wrong, and I gave my shop-boy, William king, directions to follow the prisoner—the boy soon returned, and in consequence of what he said, I immediately called on Mr. Harris, but he was not at home—when I did see him, I communicated what had taken place, and showed him the note—on the Monday morning, at about eleven o'clock, I was sent for by Mr. Harris—when I got there, I saw the prisoner, and said, "That is the man that presented the note to me on Saturday morning"—I am not aware that the prisoner made any reply—I have not the least doubt of his being the same man.

Prisoner. I was not alluding to myself when I said I was going to Gravesend, but that my master was the person—Mr. Harris, who sent me, said he was going to Gravesend in the morning, previous to sending me, Witness. I am certain he spoke of himself—he said, "It is of no consequence, I am going to Gravesend, but it will detain me, "





WILLIAM KING
. I am thirteen years old, and am in Mr. Beach's employ. I remember the prisoner coming to the shop—after he left, I followed him, by my master's order—he went up Leadenhall-market, and there I lost him in the crowd—he took a direction away from Mr. Harris's house, which is in Fenchurch-street.





CHARLES HARRIS
. I am surgeon, living in Fenchurch-street. On the Saturday evening in question, finding Mr. Beach had called on me, I immediately went to him—in consequence of what I learnt from him, I went on Monday morning to Esdaile and Co., my bankers, and gave directions to Mr. Goodman, the cashier; and about eleven o'clock that morning the prisoner was brought to my house in custody, by Mr. Twigg, a cashier at Esdaile's, and this cheque was produced—I immediately declared it to be a forgery—I then sent for Mr. Beach—neither the note nor cheque are my writing, nor any part of either of them—I had no knowledge whatever either of one or the other—I kept a cash-account at Esdaile's.

COURT. Q. Was the name on the cheque, or any of the cheque or, note written by your direction? A. Certainly not—nobody brought me a note from Mr. Beach, Purporting to be as answer to that note.





CHARLES TWIGG
. I am one of the cashiers in the house of William Esdaile and others, Mr. Harris was a customer of ours in October last—on Monday, the 17th of October, this cheque was produced at our house, about eleven o'clock in the morning, by the prisoner—I passed round the counter and said, "Have you presented this for payment?" He said, "I did," (a communication had previously been made to our house by Mr. Harris)—I informed the prisoner he must accompany me to Mr. Harris, the drawer of the draft—he did not offer any opposition—he accompanied me—I took him by the arm, but not to use any violence—we went towards Fenchurch-street—our banking-house is in Lombard-street—we went in a direction away from Smithfield—after going some distance, the prisoner said, "I hope you will not detain me long, for the coach leaves town in five minutes, and I am going by it"—I expressed my regret, but said he must accompany me—in Fenchurch-street he said, "Had we not better return to Smithfield, that I may endeavour to find out the person who gave me the draft?"—that was the first time I heard him mention Smithfield—I said, no,

that he must first go to Mr. Harris—when near a public-house, he said, "Will you come in and take some refreshment?"—I thanked him, and told him I supposed he stood in need of some refreshment from being at Smith. field-marker so early as five o'clock, (as he had stated,) but I declined it—nothing more passed till we got to Mr. Harris's—on arriving there, I presented the cheque, and it was declared to be a forgery in the prisoner's presence—Mr. Beach was not there at that time—down to that time he had not mentioned Mr. Beach's name at all. or having been there on Saturday—I quitted before Mr. Beach arrived, and left him in custody of an officer—Mr. Harris said to him, "I think you are the person (or fellow) who presented a letter to Mr. Beach", and he said he was not.

Prisoner. I deny saying I was going by coach—I said there was a person going by coach in five minutes, whom I wanted to see, and I was to return to you in five minutes. Witness. That is not so—I had not hold of his arm the whole of the way, but had repeatedly, that he might be kept close to me—I laid hold of his arm in crossing the road, as he stopped short for a coach to divide us, but I held him the harder—I held him by the arm whenever we came to a crossing, or any place where he might take advantage.

Prisoner. I did not say I was not the person who took the letter on Saturday night—but addressing me as "fellow," I did not choose to give his satisfaction, and said I knew nothing about it. Witness. He did deny it.

COURT. Q. How do you know William Esdaile is a partner? A. He is in the habit of signing powers of attorney, and accepting—I know theme are other partners.





WILLIAM WILTSHIRE
. I am a City-policeman. On Monday, the 17th of October, I was called into Mr. Harris's, and took the prisoner into custody—after he was committed by the Lord Mayor, I was about to take his to Newgate—after I had put the handcuffs on his wrists, on coming down the stairs, he said he should like top have a cab—I sent one of my brother officers for one—the prisoner got in first, and before I could get in he jumped out on the opposite side, and ran away as fast as he could—I pursued him crying, "Stop thief," and overtook him—he was stopped by some person—he gave the name of Charles William—he was called by that name, and answered to it.





JAMES COLLINS
. I live in little Bolton-street, Kennington, I have known the prisoner five or six months—his name is Henry Carter—I know his mother—I know that is his right name.

Prisoner's Defence. (written.) All that I have to say is, that I always gained my living by my industry—I did not know that I was doing any thing wrong at this time—I get my living chiefly by sealing-wax making, but not having enough to do at my trade, I had a bill in my window, stating that I delivered messages and parcels, which I did to fill up my time. On Saturday evening a gentlemanly-looking man, giving his name Harris, (he was about five feet seven inches in height, fair complexion, of light hair,) came to my house and asked me if I knew Lime-street, City. I told him I did upon which he gave me a letter directed to Mr. Beach, Lime-street, and told me to wait for an answer—when I brought him a letter to the Elephant and Castle, according to appointment, at half-past nine o'clock, he read it and then gave me 2s. 6d. for my trouble, and said if I would meet him at the Ram Inn, Smithfield, on Monday morning, at eleven o'clock, he would have another job for me; which I accordingly did, when he gave me a

cheque to take to Messrs. Esdaile and Company, Lombard Street, and receive the money for it, I was to make haste, and he would be at the Ram in three quarters of an hour—I went, not having the least suspicion that any thing was wrong, as I had done many similar jobs—when I came to the banker's, a gentleman asked me who I came from—I told him Mr. Harris—then another gentleman said I must go with him, which I very willingly did, not then having any suspicion—he took me to a Mr. Harris in Fen-church-street, when he gave me in charge for forging the cheque, of which I am entirely innocent, Being the first time I ever was in any sort of confinement, and having always supported my mother and myself by my industry, I hope, gentleman, you will consider the unpleasant situation I am now placed in, and that I was completely led into it by some artful person, and that I am entirely innocent of the charge—and that is the whole truth of the case.

JURY
to
MR. BEACH. Q. When you wrote the answer, did you direct it to Mr. Harris, in Fenchurch-street? A. I do not remember having put "Fenchurch-street" on the note—nothing passed between the prisoner and me about where Harris lived—I asked him if he had the cheque, and he said, "Yes"—he did not offer to produce it.

JURY
to
MR. HARRIS. Q. Does that cheque very much resemble the cheques you draw on your banker's? A. It does not, because I always write the cheque, as well as sign it—the signature is a resemblance of my writing, but the amount and figures do not all resemble mine—I have no knowledge of the prisoner.





JAMES COLLINS

re-examined. The prisoner is a sealing-wax maker—he goes about with messages and parcels, and had hired me to go for him when he could not go himself—I do not know I that he has a notice in his window

MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you live in the same house as the prisoner? A. Next door to him, and on this side of his house—I have a place away from home, and do not come home above once a months, or so—I was not at home on Saturday, the 15th of October—I have never looked at his window, as the street is no thoroughfare, I never passed his house—there is a ditch runs across the bottom of the street—there are twelve houses on one side and eleven on the other.

Q. Then a bill there would only be seen by people in the street? A. A great many people come down, thinking it is a thoroughfare.





JAMES COLLINS, SEN
. I live with my son, and am employed at Vauxhall-gardens. The prisoner is occasionally employed gardening and carrying parcels—I considered him an industrious, sober young man.
(Thomas Anderson also deposed to the prisoner's good character.)




GUILTY. of Uttering. Aged 20.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.

