





1794. 
               
                  
                     DANIEL 
                     KEEFE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of September
, I handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Cheshire
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS CHESHIRE. I live with Mr. Graham, in Holborn. On the 13th of September, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, I was in Holborn


, about twenty yards from king-street; a boy gave me information - I looked, and saw the prisoner and another boy
 running away; I pursued, and never lost sight of the prisoner - he was stopped about three parts of the way down King-street, by Yates; I was calling Stop thief! - he said he was not the boy, and denied having any handkerchief; I found it concealed under his coat - it was safe in my outside coat pocket when I left home ten minutes before.
Cross-examined by MR. FRENCH. Q. Was the other a tall boy? A. Rather taller than the prisoner; he ran behind the boy, but I noticed the prisoner most, as I noticed the position of his arm, and that he had the handkerchief under it - I felt my pocket the moment the boy told me; I did not feel it taken - it is not probable that it could have fallen out of my pocket; I did not feel it taken.


                  JOSEPH 
                  YATES
               



            . I am a tailor. I heard the prosecutor call stop thief! and saw the prisoner coming along alone - I stopped him; the prosecutor came up and said he had stolen a handkerchief; he said, "I am not the person; I have got nothing about me;" but the prosecutor took it from under his arm, between his coat and shirt.
Cross-examined. Q. He was alone? A. Yes, when I saw him; I caught him in my arms as he ran; he did not say he had picked it up, but that he had nothing about him.


                  CHARLES 
                  FIELD
               



            . I am a policeman. I heard a cry of Stop thief! at the corner of King-street; I turned round and saw Yates take hold of the prisoner - I was at the further end of the street.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I picked it up - I denied having it, not knowing he was the right owner.
The prisoner received a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 14. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
