



556. 




REUBEN LESTER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
24th of January, at 
Hillingdon, 1 mare, price 12l.; 1 saddle, value 10s.; and 1 bridle, value 6d.; the goods of 



Francis David Mudd.






ROBERT LOFTS
. I am a labourer, and live at Gedding, in Suffolk. I have seen a mare called a galloway, in possession of Fair—it is the property of Mr. Francis David Mudd, of Gedding—on the 15th of January, I was in Mr. Mudd's yard—the mare was safe that morning in the yard—I saw it—I missed it next day between one and two o'clock—Fair had it in Middlesex—I know Charles Meades—I saw him produce the same animal—I lost a saddle and bridle with it—it is worth 12l.





CHARLES MEADES
. I keep the Crown at Colam-green, near Hillingdon. On the 17th of January, the prisoner brought a galloway mare to my house—Lofts saw the same mare with me—the prisoner asked me to take care of it for a few days, as he was going to stop a few days with his friends—he took it out, and rode it more than two or three times—it was in my stable from Saturday, the 17th, until the following Saturday, the 24th, when Fair came and questioned him, and took him into custody.





WILLIAM SAVEREY
. I live at Hillingdon, and am a pork-butcher. On the 23rd of January, I went to a neighbour's house to sell some pigs; and when I came out, I saw the prisoner about a quarter of a mile from the Crown, with a Mr. Lomas—I went with them to the Crown; and in a short rime, I understood the prisoner had a pony to sell—I asked him if it was so—he said yes—I had seen it before, and asked if he would take 7l. for it—he said, "Come and see it"—I went, and he had it out; and having 5l. 10s. in my pocket, I said, "Will you take 5l. 10s. for it?"—he said "No, I won't, as I am going to stop here—I have sold it to Lomas; but as he cannot pay me till next Saturday, it will cost me 1l. or 2l.; you shall have it for 6l. "—I thought it was not all right—I went to the Vine at Hillingdon, saw Fair, and gave him information of what had passed between me and the prisoner.





WILLIAM FAIR
. I am a constable of Bow-street, stationed at Hayes.

In consequence of information from Saverey, I went, on Saturday, the 24th of January, to the Crown, Colam-green—I saw the prisoner, and asked him to let me look at the pony he had for sale—he took me to the stable, and showed it to me—I took him back to the house, and asked him who it belonged to—he said it belonged to his brother, down in Suffolk, that he had business at Hillingdon, and had lent him the pony to ride there with, and authorized him to sell it—I turned round to speak to Meades, and the prisoner ran out of the house—I pursued him across the fields, and took him—he ran about a quarter of a mile—in taking him to the cage, I cautioned him not to say any thing unless he chose, and asked if he still persisted in the same story, of its being his brother's horse—he said no, it was not his brother's—I told him whatever he said would not be of any service to him—he said the pony belonged to Mr. Mudd—I had said nothing to induce him to say so—in consequence of what he said, I learnt that Mr. Mudd had lost a pony—I found the prisoner had borne a good character before.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Life.
