



148. 




JOHN BIRD
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Louis Kyezor, on the 
22nd of November, at 
St. Martin-in-the-fields, and stealing therein 1 watch, value 2l., the goods of 



David Myers.






DAVID MYERS
. I am a watchmaker and silversmith, and live at No. 389, Strand, in the house of Louis Kyezor, my brother-in-law—he does not live in it—nobody lives there but myself and a lodger on the third floor—I do not rent the house, but carry on the business for my brotherin-law there—it is his property, and the house also—I have the care and charge of all the property to do as I think proper with. On Friday, the 22nd of November, I came out of the parlour into the shop, at about half-past five o'clock in the evening—I went to attend to the shop, having called the boy in, to get his tea—when I got into the shop I saw a man's hand through a pane of glass, with a watch in his hand—the glass had been cut by some person about a month back, but that did not make it

loose in the least, it was completely firm, and there was do aperture—when I saw the hand through, the hit of glass was taken completely out—the pane is about twenty inches long, it is common glass—the hole was at the upper corner—I instantly ran out, and saw three persons as close as they could stand together—the prisoner, who is the one I perceived with his hand through the hole, gave the right-hand man something, and the prisoner and the man on the left, turned towards Southampton-street, which is only one door from my house—the man on the right crossed the road into the Strand—I followed the prisoner five or six yards from my door, and when in the act of taking hold of him, the policeman was coming up, and J gave him in charge—he was between us, the policeman coming towards him, as I was following him—I had seen the pane of glass safe and perfect within ten minutes, or a quarter of an hour—the watch cost my brother 2l. 12s. 6d.—I did not miss any thing else at the same time, as I had not an opportunity of looking—there are three gas-lights in the shop, by which I could distinguish any body walking on the opposite side of the way even—I saw the prisoner's face distinctly, to know him again, even if he had no jacket on—I have not the slightest doubt of him—I have not found my watch.

Cross-examined by
MR. HORRY. Q. Are yon responsible to your brotherin-law for what you buy and sell? A. Most undoubtedly I am—I buy and sell for him as well as myself—it is all one—I am not a shareholder with him—I am supported by him—I take what I think proper out of the till, or do as I think proper with any thing—I give him all the profits—he pays me nothing, but I live in the house—I am maintained from the profits of the shop—I have a few hundreds of my own—I do not take any thing for myself out of the profits—my dinner is sent from his table, and the servant at home gets my breakfast—he is Mr. Kyezor's servant—he allows me to take what money I like from the till, not for my maintenance, but if I wanted money for any use he would not find fault with it—he never goes to the till himself to my knowledge—he takes my word for every thing—I tell him what I do—he would not object to my keeping any of the profits if I pleased—it has not been agreed that I should do that—the stock is put into my possession to do the best I can with—he does not look after me—if I was to make away with 1l. or a guines, and said, "Brother, I have done so and so," he would say, "Very well"—there is no account kept between us—I took possession of the stock nearly twelve months ago—I was to do the best I possibly could for both him and myself, and the family—there is not the least agreement between us—nothing has passed about my taking any share in the business—he allows me to do what I like with the stock, but I never take any of the profits—I sup with him every night, if the weather permits—he is a silversmith and jeweller, and lives in Tottenham-court-road—I buy and sell the stock at times, and sometimes he buys things and sends them to the shop—when I sell them I put the money into the till—he took this as a branch shop, on purpose that I should be able to assist the family—there have never been any losses in this shop—I have never had any bills to make up—I owe nobody a fraction, nor does he—supposing there was a loss I should go to him to make it up—it is a single-fronted shop, and the stock is worth close upon 3000l.—a great part of it is in the window, which is nine or ten feet long—the stock consists of plate and watches—the shop—door was open on this night, but not the passage-door—nobody standing at

the door could see me coming from the parlour—there is a very brilliant gas light just opposite the shop—the moment I got out at the shop-door the three men turned round to go away, and the centre one was very quick—I did not catch hold of one of them—there was only a bit of glass removed—it was large enough for me to get my hand through, and take a watch.





WILLIAM PAYNE
. I am a policeman. I was on duty on the 22nd of November, about half-past five o'clock in the evening, and coming down Southampton-street I met the prisoner running, and the prosecutor following him—the prosecutor gave him in charge—it was just at the corner, at the second house in Southampton-street—the prisoner was between us—Myers charged him with stealing a watch—the prisoner said nothing—I took him back to the prosecutor's, and searched him, but found nothing on him.

Cross-examined. Q. You did not find his band cut? A. I never examined it—the gas was lighted, and it was dusk—the prosecutor's house is in the parish of St. Martin-in-the-fields.





DAVID MYERS
 (re-examined.) I never prosecuted any one before—my brother has—I have no interests in the profits, nor any right or claim on the property—I do it for the family, as I have enough of my own—the house is two doors from Southampton-street—it joins the corner-house—I apprehended the prisoner about ten yards from the door—there are two lights in the window, and one behind the counter—the window lights threw a light on the prisoner's face—the countenance of any body at the window could be discerned—there is a sash inside the window—I should have to look through two squares of glass to see him.
(David Evans, of Tavistock-street, Bethnal-green, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Ten Years.
