





674. 
               
                  FRANCIS FREDERICK 
                  MORRISON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23d of December
, 1 sofa bedstead, value 3l.; 3 horse-hair squabs, value 2l.; 1 bolster value 1l.; 1 chest-of-drawers, value 2l. 10s.; 1 table, value 1l.; 6 chairs, value 30s.; 1 set of fire-irons, value 6s.; 1 fender, value 6s.; 1 tea-kettle, value 5s.; 1 table, value 2s.; 3 chimney ornaments, value 2s.; 1 tea-caddy, value 5s.; 4 wine glasses, value 2s.; 12 plates, value 2s.; 6 cups and saucers, value 3s.; 6 sheets, value 30s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 10s.; 1 coat, value 15s.; 1 book, value 1l.; 1 looking-glass, value 5l.; 1 bed, value 10s.; 1 pillow, value 3s.; 1 bolster, value 2s.; 1 sheet, value 5s.; and 1 bed, value 2l.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  William 
                  Wolter
               




            .
WILLIAM WOLTER. I am a bookbinder
. I live in Drury-lane - I let the prisoner a room gratuitously in a house of mine at No. 14, James-street


, for about twelvemonths - the articles stated were in a room adjoining the one he occupied - I had all these things safe there about a month before the first week in January, about which time the prisoner left - the room door was locked, but the key was in a drawer in that house, which the prisoner knew of- the prisoner left without any notice - we could not find him till about a fortnight ago.


                  THOMAS 
                  WAKERLY
               



             (police-constable F 138). I took the prisoner on the 1st of April - I told him I supposed he knew what I wanted him for - he said he did - I found some duplicates on him.


                  JOHN 
                  JAMES BARTLETT
               



            . I am apprentice to 
               Mr. Wood
            , a pawnbroker, in St. Giles's - I have three sheets and a pair of trowsers, but I cannot say who pawned them - this is the duplicate I gave the person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TREENAH
               



            . I live with 
               Mr. Brickle
            , a pawnbroker. I have a coat pawned in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Wilkins
               



            , 14, James-street - this is the duplicate I gave for it.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIAM CASSELL
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a chimney-glass, a bed, a book, and some other articles pawned by a man - these are the duplicates I gave him.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HINGSTON
               



            . I am a broker, and live in Park-street, Camden-town. I bought this table of a man at No. 14, James-street, Camden-town; but I cannot tell whether it was the prisoner - I believe he may be the man.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOYCE
               



            . I am porter to this witness. I received this table from a man at the prosecutor's house, No. 14, James-street - I believe the prisoner to be the man - my master was at home at the time this table came, and he paid for it - I removed goods from the same place three times - some of them have been sold.
COURT to JOSEPH HINGSTON. Q. Did you buy things more than once? A. Yes; I should be sorry to swear that the prisoner is the man, when I have a doubt of him - I bought five or six things, but my man brought them all at once - I recollect buying the things, because I book every thing - the man I bought them of said he was brother-in-law to Mr. Wolter.


                  JAMES 
                  PETHERICK
               



            . I lodge in the same house - I saw the prisoner and the broker's man remove the property from the house - they borrowed the truck of me, and removed the goods at twice.
Prisoner. I am guilty of pawning the articles.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 27. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
