






1438. 
               
                  
                     PATRICK 
                     SHIELDS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     PHILIP 
                     BURROWS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of July
. 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Joseph Copeland 
                           Bell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  COPELAND BELL
               



            . I live in Austin-friars. On Monday afternoon last, about two o'clock, I was in Fleet-street, near Farringdon-street, and felt a motion at my right-hand pocket - I turned round immediately, and laid hold of Burrows right at my heels; Shields was then moving away, and I secured him - they were the only two persons near me; I pushed them into the doorway of a linen-draper's shop at the corner of the street; and on collaring Shields his jacket flew open, and under his left arm I saw my handkerchief; I took it from him - I had used it in a shop in Fleet-street.


                  JOHN 
                  KNIGHT
               



            . I am porter to a bookbinder. I saw Burrows take hold of the prosecutor's pocket, take a handkerchief out, and give it instantly to Shields; the prosecutor secured them, and found it under Shields' jacket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CUTRISS
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was on the opposite side of the street, and saw Mr. Bell take the prisoners; I crossed, and received them in charge.(Property produced and sworn to.)
SHIELDS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.
BURROWS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
