



908. 




JAMES WILLIAMS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
2nd of March, 1 pocket-book, value 1s.; and 1 £10 bill of exchange; the property of 



Thomas Walter Williams; from the person of 



Harriet Williams.






HARRIET WILLIAMS
. I am the wife of Thomas Walter Williams, and live in Southampton-buildings, Holborn. On the 2nd of March, I was going up Snow-hill with a friend, about a quarter past ten o'clock, and felt a person's hand in my pocket—I turned round, and saw the prisoner close behind me—there were three persons behind him—he was the nearest to me—I felt immediately, and my pocket-book was gone—it contained a £10 bill of exchange—the prisoner ran away some distance down Seacoal-lane—I did not lose sight of him until he was stopped.





HIGH DUPREE
 (City police-constable, No, 157.) I was in Fleet-lane between a quarter and half-past ten o'clock, and heard the cry of "Stop thief"—I saw the prisoner running, and went and secured him, as a crowd of people were following him—the prosecutrix came up, and said he was the man—I took him to the watch-house—I found a silver watch and guard, and 3s. on him, but nothing relating to the charge.





ELIZA HAZEL
. I am a widow, and live in Christopher-court, St. Martin's-le-grand. I was walking behind Mrs. Williams—I saw the prisoner, with three others, and another man like a porter behind them, with a sack over his shoulder, and a cap on—I saw the prisoner hustle the prosecutrix twice—I then saw him put his hand into the pocket-hole of her gown—I did not see the pocket-book—he ran down Seacoal-lane into Fleet-lane—I followed him, and am certain he is the man—I do not know what became of the other three—I kept my eye on the prisoner.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How near were you to him? A. Almost close to him—I never lost sight of him all the time, until he was secured—I have stated all I saw him do before he began to run—he could not have done any thing without my seeing him.

COURT. Q. Were you nearer to the prisoner than the three men? A. One of them was between him and me—he might have handed the pocket-book to that person, but I did not see him take it—they all hustled round him immediately, and he might have passed his hand down without my seeing it.

(William Mowbray, painter, Club-row, Shoreditch; and John Owen, jeweller, Gray's Inn-lane, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten Years.
