



2268. 




WILLIAM WALLER
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Conyers Tobias Metcalfe, about the hour of ten in the night of the 
10th of October, at 
St. George in the East, with intend to steal, and stealing there in, 4 £5 bank-notes the property of 



David Stanhouse.






CONYERS TOBIAS METCALFE
. I am a waterman, and live in Blacksmiths' Arms-place, Back-church-lane, in the parish of St. George East. David Stanhouse, a seaman, lodged with me about three weeks—on the 10th of October we all left the house—my wife left last—I went to the King Harry, in Red Lion-street, Whitechapel, between seven and eight o'clock—my wife came there to me in about an hour—Stanhouse was with me—my wife remained with me till eleven or twelve o'clock, and we went home together—Stanhouse went away before us, and did not sleep at the house that night—when we went back to the house I asked my wife to give me the key to open the street door—I unlocked, and found it a usual—I went up stains to the middle room, on the first floor—that was about twelve o'clock or near upon one—I found door forced open—it was the room I used to live in—I came down stairs again—I found the box of the door was forced open, and a large screw on the bottom of the boxstaple forced out—the lock had been slipped back, as if it was unlock—there was a latch to the door—no injury was done to that—I did not miss any thing night—I got up just before eight o'clock next morning, and went out—I came, in about half an hour, and went up stairs and in consequence of what my little boy said, I went to the closet, and found a trunk which had been in the cupboard, put out into the room and broken open—there was no lock on the closet—the trunk belonged to Stanhouse—it had been given to him my daughter, and he had the key of it—the prisoner was at the public-house when I went there—he left shortly after my wife came—I think that must have been after nine o'clock—the prisoner did not lodge at my house—he used to come now and then or inquite for my son, but he did not live there, and had no business their—he came back again to the public-house—he was absent about hour and a half—the public-house is not half a mile from mine—I went out next morning, about half-past ten o'clock, and looked for a policeman, having suspicion of the prisoner—I told the policeman of the circumstance, and he went and found the prisoner and brought him to me before eleven o'clock—I asked him if he knew any thing at all about David's box being broken open—he said no, he knew nothing at all about it—I said, You had better own it, it will he better for you"—it was not a spring lock on the room door—it was to the house door—I suspected he had got in the back way, as there was a pane of glass broken in the door at the back of the house—it broken before I left the house—there is a bolt inside, and by putting an arm through the window you can unbolt the door—I did not notice whether that door was bolted or not when I left the house—it was open when I came back—there was no lock to it, only a latch—it was shut to—there was only bolt to it—my wife is not here.






DAVID STANHOUSE
. I am a seaman. I received my wages at Somerset House about a month ago—it was about 70l—I lodged with Metcalfe—I kept my money in a trunk in the middle room up stairs, and had the key in my pocket—the trunk was kept in a cupboard, which had only a button to fasten it—I left the room to go with Metcalfe, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening, and left his wife and daughter who is nineteen years old, in the room—I went to the public-house with him, and staid till about half-past ten o'clock—the prisoner was in the room when Mrs. Metcalfe came, about half-past nine o'clock—he went away, shortly after she came, and was absent about an hour and a half—I did not go back to the house that night—next day, about twelve o'clock, Metcalfe found me, and fetched me to the house, and told me what had happened—I saw my trunk open, as it is now—I had 35l. in it, in £5 Bank of England notes, and two certificates—I am certain they were in the trunk at five o'clock that afternoon—I locked it and took the key—I did not go with any body to find the money.





PIERCE DRISCOLL
. I am a policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on the 11th of October, between ten and eleven o'clock at No. 33, Brunswick-street, St. George's—Metcalfe directed me there—I found 1s. and a knife on him—Metcalfe asked him if he had broken open his place—he denied every thing till he went to the station-house, and the he told Metcalfe to come with him, and his money was all right—in consequence of what he said, we went to the Angel and Crown, in Wellclose-square—the landlord was not at home, but his wife said something—I got no money; but in taking the prisoner to the station-house, he told me he had changed a £5 note at Davis's the publican—Metcalfe was not with me then—I had said nothing to induce him to say any thing about it—he went with us to the Angel and Crown, where the four sovereigns were—the landlord was not at home—the wife said, in the prisoner's presence, that he had left some money there—I called again, and saw the landlord, who went with me to Lambeth-street office, and produce two Bank England Motes, and four sovereigns—Metcalfe told me to make it all right, and say nothing further about it, and he would give me a sovereign—that was before the money was got—I told him I would not screen such a thing for 100 sovereigns—he wished the thing to go no further.





CONYERS TOBIAS METCALFE

re-examined. My reason for saying that was, I knew I could get the money again from the prisoner, by knowing him I would rather have given 1l. than have had further trouble about it, as I found I could get the money again.





WILLIAM THOMAS COLLETT
. I keep the Angle and Crown, in Wellclose-square. On Monday, the 10th of October, at a little after eleven o'clock, the prisoner came to my house to leave two £5 notes and four sovereigns for me to take care of till he called in the morning—these are the notes—I marked them, and the sovereigns also—I have kept them ever since—when the policeman called, I went with him to Lambeth-street, and found the prisoner there—I produced the notes and sovereigns, and said I had received them form the prisoner on Monday evening, the 10th of October—he gave me them just as they are.





DAVID STANHOUSE

re-examined. I cannot to the notes, having no mark on them—I lost four £5 notes—three notes were left.




GUILTY. of stealing in a dwelling-house above 5l., but not of Burglary. Aged 19—


Transported for life.


Before Mr. Baron Bolland.

