




1401. 




JOSEPH NIXON
 and 



HENRY SCROOP
 were indicted for

 feloniously and sacrilegiously breaking and entering a chapel at 
St. Botolph Without, Bishopsgate, on the 
18th of May, and stealing therein two burners, value 4s.; 2 glass holders, value 1s.; 12 books, value 3s.; and 2 brass knobs, value 1s.; the goods of 



Thomas Tagg and others, fixed in the said chapel; and 1 bell, value 1s.; the goods of the said Thomas Tagg and other; and that Nixon had been before convicted of felony.






JAMES WALLIS
. I am one of the Committee of management of that Sunday-school in Bishopsgate—it is attached to a Wesleyan chapel—it is not of the chapel, on the 18th of May, about six o'clock in the evening—as soon as I went in, I saw the hooks of the hat-holders unscrewed, the knobs of the pulpit door gone, and a book and several other things missing—the gas-pipe burners, two glass-holders, which were fastened—when I went up-stairs, I found the money-box (which is put for persons to put money in for the school) broken open, and the money gone—in the Secretary's room the desk was broken open—I missed eight or nine Bibles, which have not been found—nothing was found except what was fixed, and the hand-bell which was missed from the Secretary's room—it belongs to the Treasurer, Mr. Thomas Tagg, and and the Committee of the school, which consists of twelve—I found the window had been broken.





JOSEPH PAYNE
. I keep a marine store-shop. I have some hooks and gas-burners—the two prisoners came into my shop on the morning of the 18th, between seven and eight o'clock—I knew one of them, having bought bones and rags of him, and had no suspicion—I asked them where they got them—they said they were some things they had been hoarding up—I weighed them and bought them—Nixon brought the things in, but they both came in together.






MATHEW PEAK
. I am a policeman. I apprehended Nixon on the 25th of May, in consequence of information, at No. 11, Long-alley—I told him it was for breaking into Angel-alley chapel, but I did not know what was taken—he said, "I know, it was a quantity of brass"—I said, "You need not say any thing without you like"—I began to search the room, and he said, "We got in at the window."





THOMAS PETCH
. I went to Payne's, and found the things there—I afterwards apprehended Scroop, on the 26th of May—I had no conversation with him.





WILLIAM BOSTON
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner Nixon's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was present when he was tried and convicted—he is the person (read.)





JAMES WALLIS

re-examined. The bell has been found—it is along with this metal produced by the witness—I believe the whole of this to be the property of the Treasurer—the parts of the hat-hooks left behind exactly correspond with these—I have compared them—the handle of the bell has been thrown away—I know it by the knob which was made by a friend of mine—I have seen it over and over again.

Nixon's Defence. A week before I was taken, two men were taken under the same circumstances, who knew more about it than I did, for they got into the chapel, and they gave me the brass-work belonging to the chapel—the marine store-dealer never asked me my name, nor how long I had had the brass, or any thing.

NIXON—


GUILTY
, of larceny only. Aged 20.—


Transported for Life.

SCROOP—


NOT GUILTY
.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

