



568. 




THOMAS MATTHEWS
 was indicted

 for a misdemeanor.






WILLIAM THOMAS LAMBERT
. I am a medicine vender, and live at No. 20, Jermyn-street. On the 15th of January the prisoner came to my house, about half-past seven o'clock in the evening—he presented a parcel, and with it presented a printed ticket, purporting to come from the Belle Sauvage, Ludgate-hill—this is the ticket—(the direction of the parcel being read was, ("To be delivered immediately to Mr. William Lambert, chemist, &c., 20, Jermyn-street, St. James's, London, by Monarch Coach Ticket, Mr. W. Lambert, carriage 1s., porterage 6d.—1s. 6d. W. Walker, porter, 15th of January, 1838.")—he presented the ticket, and said there was 1s. 6d. To pay—I looked at the parcel, and saw it was directed to me—I opened it, and read a letter which it contained, purporting to be an order for goods—this is it—(read)—"No. 102, Great Ormond-street, Bath. Sir,—Having been often asked by several customers for the celebrated Dr. Scott's pills, manufactured by you, I enclose an order for three dozens small boxes and two dozen large ones. I will thank you to send the account to Mr. Hart, solicitor, of Furnival's Inn, who will pay the same, &c., &c. Signed John Marks, chemist, &c."—The prisoner said the parcel should have been delivered some hours previous, but in consequence of the bad state of the roads, the coach could not arrive at the Belle Sauvage in proper time—I gave him 1s. 6d., and he left the shop—I did not know John Marks, nor ever heard of such a person—I went to Furnival's Inn, and there was no such person as Hart there.

Prisoner. I did not make any observation, but delivered him the ticket and parcel as I had received it—I did not demand 1s. 6d. Witness. He demanded 1s. 6d.

Prisoner. I did not say it would have been there sooner—he said it was

late in the evening, and I said I supposed it was through the bad state of the roads. Witness. He mentioned it himself.





HENRY PARSONS EDGHILL
. I am clerk and book-keeper at the Belle Sauvage, and live in Bouverie-street. This parcel has never passed through our office—this printed bill is not ours—ours is a blue ticket—this is not a genuine ticket—I never saw the prisoner till he was at Bow-street—he was never employed at our office since 1819, while I have been there—Monarch Bath coach comes to our inn, but this parcel, if it had come by it, would have been left at Hatchard's Hotel, in Piccadilly.





WILLIAM HAYDON
. I apprehended the prisoner on the 22nd of January.

Prisoner's Defence. I am a plumber by trade—in the beginning of last year I worked for Mr. Killett, of Reigate, who was in the habit of sending parcels by the Brighton coach from there, of which Long Bill was the guard—I left there, and worked for Mr. Shepherd, of Long-acre—I was out of work at the time in question, and was coming down Ludgate-hill—I saw Long Bill standing there—I went and had a pint of ale with him—he said, "I can put a 1s. or so in your way, if you do not mind doing it"—I said I should be very glad—he said, "Meet me to-morrow morning, I am now guard to the Bath coach, having left the Brighton; I can give you a parcel to take out now and then, but you must not be seen in the yard, or the porter will know it, and you can take the porterage"—I met him the following morning, and gave him this money, and he gave me the sixpence for the porterage—I delivered this and three or four more parcels, not knowing there was any thing wrong.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Before Mr. Justice Vaughan.
