





811. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SAWARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               embezzlement
            .


                     HENRY WILLIAM 
                     DINSDALE
                  




               
            . I am a warehouseman
, and live in Bread-street, Cheapside. The prisoner was in my employ - he was not generally entrusted to receive money for me. On the 9th of July, about five or six o'clock in the evening. I sent him with a note to Mr. Early, who was indebted to me 200l., but did not expect he would receive it - the note requested the payment, without stating whether it was to be sent by the prisoner or otherwise - he had lived six or eight months with me; I did not expect him to return that evening - I did not see him again till he was apprehended, which was some months afterwards; he had given no information of his intention to leave - he had 12s. a week; I have received no part of the money: as he did not return I called on Mr. Early next morning, and learnt that he had paid him.


                  THOMAS 
                  EARLY
               



            , On the 9th of July I owed Mr. Dinsdale 200l.; I received a note from him - the prisoner was the bearer, and 1 paid him seventy-five sovereigns, a cheque for 35l., another for 25l., and the rest in Bank of England and country notes - I saw Mr. Dinsdale next morning, and told him what had happened; I knew the prisoner quite well in Mr. Dinsdale's service - I did not see him again till he was apprehended.
Prisoner. Q.Did you pay the money? A. Yes - I paid it to you; I have not said a young man who paid it had gone out of the country.
GEORGE DOWNIE. I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoner on the 30th of January, and told him it was for a robbery in Bread-street, Cheapside - I did not explain it further; he made no reply - I found nothing on him but three thimbles and a garter, which they gamble at thimble-rig with.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in the habit of selling thimbles and needles; I was robbed of all the money, and never had a halfpenny of it myself.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
