






394. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     PEAL
                  





               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of September

, 1 pair of half-boots, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Augustus George 
                           Clarke
                        





                     
                  , his master
            .


                  JOSEPH 
                  WILLIAM CLARK
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Fleming, a pawnbroker, in Farringdon-street. I took in this pair of half-boots for 6s., from the prisoner, on the 27th of September, in the name of Smith; I am certain he is the person.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you state before the Alderman that the prisoner was the person? A. Yes; I swear he is the man - I had seen him three or four times before; this is the duplicate.
AUGUSTUS GEORGE CLARKE. These are mine: the prisoner had been six months in my service before the 27th of September.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you a mark on these boots? A. Yes; it is my mark which I put on when they come from the manufacturer - it is 5-5, meaning they are the fifth size, and No. 5; I had about twelve pairs of the running sizes, from one to ten - I had not sold this size; my wife sells, but not to gentlemen - I had no shopman but the prisoner; I bought them of Mr. Surridge in Newgate-street.
Prisoner. That mark was put on since they came from the pawnbroker's. Witness. I declare positively it was not; it was put on when they came from the manufacturer.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them myself of the manufacturer, in Newgate-street; I was with the prosecutor for ten months, and he never put a private mark on any article while I lived with him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28
         
395. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  PEAL
               



             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 10th of October

. I pair of half-boots, value 10s.
            , the goods of Augustus George Clarke, his master.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WILLIAM
               



             CLARK. I am shopman to a pawnbroker, in Farringdon-street. I bought this pair of half-boots of the prisoner in October, I believe, but I cannot be certain; I had seen him before - I bought them of him in the name of Smith.


                  AUGUSTUS 
                  GEORGE CLARKE
               



            . These are mine: there has been a mark 6-7 on them, which is rubbed out in a great measure by the wear of the boots; I have not the least doubt these are mine - I bought them of Mr. Surridge, in Newgate-street; I never sold any thing to the prisoner but two pairs of shoes.
Prisoner's Defence. When I had an order I went to the depot and bought them, and he did the same: he does not make them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
MR. CLARKE. I have been robbed of from one hundred and fifty to two hundred pairs of shoes, and some of the duplicates are dated nearly from the first day he came into my house; Hardcastle was a good servant till he came.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
