



2011. 




GEORGE TEBBUTT
 was indicted

 for embezzlement.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





LEWIS GRAVE
. I am in partnership with Mr. William Winterbourne—we are linen and woollen-drapers, in Blackman-street, Borough. The prisoner came into our service about March—we do the tally trade to a considerable extent, and are obliged to employ persons to make collections by the week—I have got the book that the prisoner kept in his travels—it was his duty to receive money on our account, and to enter it in this book, and account to me every night—his particular days for collecting were Monday and Tuesday, and it was his duty to enter in this book, the sums received on each of the days mentioned, in this column from the person whose surname appears—there is no entry of 2s. from Mrs. Stubbs on the 5th of April; nor of 2s. from Mrs. Carpenter on the 16th of May, or the 27th of June—Stubbs' was a Tuesday's collection, and Carpenter's a Monday's—we have some of Mrs. Carpenter's bills which are in the book—it was the duty of the prisoner to enter on the back of each bill of parcels, the date and sum received by the week—on Mrs. Carpenter's bill there is a sum of 2s. on the 16th of May, and 27th of June, but they are not in the book, and he never accounted to me for them—the writing on the bills is his—on the 29th of June he did not come, and a letter was received by Mr. Winterbourne.

Prisoner. You say I received Stubbs' on Tuesday, it was on Wednesday, because the round was too long.





ELIZA STUBBS
. I am single, and live in Lambeth-place, West-square. I was in the habit of paying sums of money to the prisoner on account of his employers—he came sometimes on Tuesday, sometimes on Wednesday—this is my bill—on the 5th of April, I paid him 2s., and here is his writing on the back of the bill at the time I paid it.

Prisoner. Q. When you paid me on the Wednesday morning, I dated it as if received on the Tuesday? A. Yes, you did.





SARAH CARPENTER
. I am the wife of Edward Carpenter, of Adams-place, Rotherhithe. I had been in the habit of paying the prisoner, on account of his master, sums of money weekly for articles—on the 16th of May, Monday, I paid him 2s., he entered it on the back of the bill—on the 27th of June I paid him 2s., he entered that also on the back of the bill—I remember his coming to me on Sunday—I think it was in the

month of July—he told me his governor was coming on the Monday, and I was not to pay him, nor yet to give him any bill—I asked him what was the reason—he said he had had a bit of a spree, and he had spent his master's money; but in the course of a week or two he should be able to recover all that—I made him no answer—when my husband came home, I told him—his master called the next day—the prisoner came again on the Monday following, and gave me a new bill—the old bill contained as usual the indorsement on the back of it, showing the weekly sums received up to the 13th of June—in the old bill there appears to have been received 13s. 6d., and in the new bill there is cash received 11s. 6d., but I had paid him 13s. 6d.—he told me to destroy the old bill, there was no occasion to keep it—he did not ask me to give it him—he told me to burn it, it was no good—I showed it to my husband, and in consequence of what he told me, I kept both—he used to have such a red covered book as that in which he made his entries.

Prisoner. I told you there was an error in the bill of 2s.—I did not know where it was—I put down 2s., but you did not pay me that 2s. Witness. Yes, I did.





HENRY DOUGHTON WINTERBOURNE
. I am in partnership with Mr. Grave. On Tuesday the 28th of June, it was the prisoner's duty to attend in the evening as usual with his collecting book—instead of coming, he sent a letter about half-past ten o'clock in the evening—I took no charge of the letter, and cannot find it—it was not in his handwriting—in consequence of what the letter contained, I went to his residence, No. 3, Crown-square, Borough—he was not there—according to the note, I expected to find him ill in bed—I found him in the street dancing with a pipe in his mouth—I did not let him know I saw him—he has not accounted to me for my of the sums that have been mentioned.

Prisoner. Q. Have not these sums been accounted for an paid in your books? A. They have not.

Prisoner's Defence. (written.) "My Lord, and gentleman of the Jury. Those deficiencies frequently occur in that tally trade, as I have upwards of 150 persons to call on every day; at the same time those amounts brought against me have been accounted for to my employers, excepting the two last sums of 4s. and 2s., which would have been placed to my account, as others were, at the end of the week; and they also agreed to charge me with those amounts, my having a small account open for goods had by my wife, and to be deducted at 3s. per week from my salary, which was regularly done up to the 25th of June, 1836."




GUILTY
. Aged 34.—


Transported for Seven Years.

THERE WERE TWO OTHER INDICTMENTS AGAINST THE PRISONER.
