




1384. 




ELIZABETH JACKSON, alias Smith, and 




JOHN COLEMAN
, were indicted for

stealing, on the 
20th of April, 8 yards of silk, value 3l. 4s.; 11 shawls, value 10l.; 2 pieces of handkerchiefs, value 1l. 15s.; and 8 yards of challi, value 1l.; the goods of 



Edward Gribbin, from his person.






EDWARD GRIBBIN
. I am a licensed hawker. I was stopping at the Two Brewers, London-wall, on the 20th of April—I left there that morning with a bundle of eight yards of silk, eleven shawls, and the handkerchiefs and cloth stated in the indictment—I went about my business, and after that as I was coming from Camberwell I went into the Alfred's Head. and saw the two prisoners there, and other persons—Jackson asked me if I would treat her, which I did, to a glass of rum—I was going home, and she followed me outside the door, and asked me if I would go Home with her—my bundle, containing these things, was on my arm—I laid I would not, and directly afterwards Coleman and two others came, and Coleman struck at me, and Jackson snatched the bundle off my arm—Coleman and others prevented me from apprehending her—I am sure he is the man—the bundle contained eleven shawls, two pieces of handkerchiefs, and the other things—I have only found two of the handkerchiefs, which were in pawn—they were on a piece, and have been cut off—they are damaged goods, and have holes in them.

Jackson. I am not the person that took the bundle. Witness. You are the person—the man did not touch it, I am sure of it.

Coleman. Q. Did you see me in the London-road, and ask my wife to have some half-and-half? Witness. A. That was on Saturday morning—I saw the man, and his wife told me where Jackson lived.

COURT. Q. Had you charged him with robbing you? A. No—I wanted to get the woman—it was her that took it, but he assisted her in getting away with it—I am quite sure of both of them.





THOMAS ABURROW
. I saw the woman in the Alfred's Head, drinking with the prosecutor—I saw Coleman there, but did not see him speak to them—I saw the two prisoners in the London-road afterward, but did not see Coleman with the prosecutor.





HENRY CRICK
. I am a pawnbroker, in Robert's-place, Dover-road I took in these two handkerchiefs of Coleman, on the 21st of April.





HENRY KIDNEY
 (police-constable L 86.)From information I received, I went and took the female prisoner at her residence.

JACKSON. I met him on the Thursday morning—he had been sleeping with a female—he asked me to have something to drink, and there was a dozen more—he was treating every one—I stopped with him two hours—he went to another public-house, and there we stopped till four o'clock in the afternoon—he asked me to go and sleep with him—I said no, I wished to go home.


Coleman's Defence, I and my wife were going to buy some meat—the prosecutor called us, and asked us to go into the Prince of Wales, and have some half-and-half—he asked my wife if she could tell him the girl that had been with him—she gave him no answer—he followed us on towards home, and called my wife to have some rum—I would not let her go—the then told him the house where they took the girl into custody—some days after, I was taken—the Inspector said he could not commit me, and then the pawnbroker was applied to, who said that I had pawned two handkerchiefs.
(The prisoner Coleman received a good character.)

JACKSON*—


GUILTY
. Aged 24.

COLEMAN-

GUILTY
. AGED 26.




Transported for Seven Years.
