






139. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     MILLER
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     METCALFE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of October
, 1 gallon of whiskey, value 12s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Petley
                        



                     
                  , being in a certain barge on the navigable River Thames
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the property of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Crisp
                  



               
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  JAMES 
                  DENTON
               



            . I am a Custom-house officer. On the morning of the 27th of October, about eleven o'clock, I was on board a Spanish vessel in the Union-tier, on the Thames, - a Spanish boy gave me information; I jumped into the lug boat, and went on board the brig John, which was about twenty yards off; about five minutes before I went on board, I had seen a person leave the John in the revenue boat - I do not know whether he saw me; as soon as I got on board the John, I saw Miller standing in the cabin, with his head out of the hatchway, and I smelt a smell of whiskey coming from the hold; I said to Miller,"What have you got in this craft?" he said spirits, which he was going to take to Dundee-wharf: I said,"You have been broaching these spirits" - he said he had not; I said, "I know you have" - I was preparing to slip down a small space between the casks, when the boy Ramage came from underneath; I went below, and saw a bladder, containing about three pints of whiskey: one of the casks appeared to have been recently spiled, and it was in tears; I took the bladder on the deck, and went into the cabin; my surveyor came on board - he sent for an officer, who took Miller.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you see Metcalfe's brother going along the river? A. I did; I inquired of him about the prosecutor, and he told me.


                  JOHN 
                  LITTLE
               



            . I am a Thames Police-surveyor. I went on board the John, and found Miller, Ramage, and this bladder of spirits, I asked them how the bladder came on board; they said they did not know, if any one brought it, Metcalfe did; I saw Metcalfe at Union-stairs, and took him - he said he knew nothing about it; I should think no one could have gone on board the John without knowing that the whiskey was issuing out of the barrels: I took Metcalfe to the office, and in going along he told me his master had given him a shilling to take to Miller.
Cross-examined. Q.When you say you saw Metcalfe on the stairs, do you mean the prisoner or his brother? A. The prisoner; I had seen his brother before, and told him I wanted his brother - I found the prisoner standing at the stairs, like other watermen.


                  THOMAS 
                  PETLEY
               



            . I am a lighterman, and carry on business in Hermitage-street, Wapping; Ramage is my apprentice - Miller is a journeyman, and Metcalfe an extra man, whom I employ at different times. I employed him and Miller on the 26th of October, to go and get forty puncheons of whiskey from the Ann, and take it to Dundeewharf; Metcalfe was not to have left the John - it was off Union-stairs.
Cross-examined. Q. Had you not another barge going to Lidyard's wharf? A. No - I had one there; Metcalfe came to me about ten o'clock on the 27th - he told me the brig was safe, and asked if he should send the two boys up to the other lighter; I gave him a shilling to take to Miller, and told him to send the two boys off, and to stop and mind the craft.


                  THOMAS 
                  SHOOBERT
               



            . I am a cooper, and live at Wapping. I was sent for to sound the puncheons on the 26th of October, they were then all correct, I sounded them again on the 27th, and one was deficient - Mr. Pitt guaged them, and one gallon was missing from one of them, and the whiskey was running from the cask.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RAMAGE
               



            . I am an apprentice to Mr. Petley. On the morning of the 27th of October I was on board the John - Miller and Metcalfe were on board; when I got on board, about ten o'clock, I told Metcalfe he was to go to the chain lighter, and take ten puncheons - he said he did not think so, he would go home, and ask his master - he went; before he went he asked Miller if he could do anything - he said No; Metcalfe then went on shore, and returned in ten minutes - he said I was to row a skiff up; Miller was to take in the whiskey, and I was to go away - Metcalfe then said we were fools if we did not take some spirits to keep the wet out, and Miller replied - "I like to taste the fruit, but I do not like to pick it;" they then both directed me to go down and get some: I waited two or three minutes, and then went down - I had a gimblet of my own on board; Miller was down in the cabin, and Metcalfe said he would keep a look out - he told me to give a look out, and see that there was nobody about; to go down by the bulkheads, and Miller told me to bore the cask in the bulge - I 
               drew
             some into a bladder; Metcalfe was then in the cabin, with his head out of the scuttle, and Miller was down in the cabin - Miller had cut a spile for me, and said I was to put it into the hole when I was done; they both said I was to give it to them, but while I was drawing Metcalfe jumped up, and went away - Miller told me to stoop down, and the officer came on board.
Cross-examined. Q.What time did you go on board? A.About ten o'clock, and then they mentioned to me about the spirits - the officer came and took me before I had gone to row the skiff up; I will swear nothing had been said to me about spirits before I went on board at ten o'clock; I had not asked Savage to go on board and drink whiskey with me - I know 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Savage
               



            , and had seen him that morning on the stairs; it was my bladder, and I took it on board with me; when Metcalfe came on board, he said he was to pay Miller a 1s., and he paid it him when he had been home to master to get it; he staid on board about ten minutes after that, and then went on shore in the same boat.
Miller put in a written Defence, stating that Ramage had endeavoured to persuade him to take the whiskey, but he refused; that he was present when Ramage spiled the cask, for which he expressed his contrition, but that Metcalfe had no knowledge of the transaction.


                  GEORGE 
                  THOMAS METCALFE
               



            . I am the prisoner's brother. On the morning this happened I had been with a fare in a boat, and the Custom-house officer called me; he said the barge had been robbed - I saw my brother after that, and told him the brig had been robbed; the young man said he was implicated - he then went to the Thames Police-office, and came back.


                  THOMAS 
                  SAVAGE
               



            . I know Ramage. On the morning this matter happened, about four o'clock, he said to me,"We have a brig off the tier with some whiskey in it" - he did not ask me to go on board.
MILLER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
METCALFE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
