




993. 




JAMES COLTMAN
 was indicted

for a robbery on 



John Frederick Miller, on the 
3rd of March, and stealing 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., his goods, and, immediately after the said robbery, striking and beating him.






JOHN FREDERICK MILLER
. I am a lithographic printer, and live in Pitfield-street, Hoxton. On Sunday night, the 3rd of March, about half-past eleven o'clock, I met two females in Old-street-road, near Pitfield-street—they asked me to go home with them—I at first refused, they afterwards prevailed on me, and I went into a house in Old-street-road, on the opposite side of the way to where I met them—I went up into the secondfloor front room, and staid there about twenty minutes—they were both in the room with me—one of them asked me to send for drink—I gave them 1s.—another woman came into the room and fetched some gin—I drank a very little myself—they prevailed on me to send a second time for drink—one of the women then went out, and in about two minutes after the prisoner rushed in—he either kicked or attempted to kick the female who was in the room—I told him not to hurt her, for no harm had happened—his foot was up, as if to kick her, but whether it reached her or not I cannot say—he knocked me down on the bed, and hit me several times with something hard which he had in his hand—I could not distinguish what it was—it was some dark substance, about an inch above his knuckle—the female remained in the room the whole time—there was one candle in the room—he got me down on the bed in a moment, and struck me a great number of times on the face, chest, and throat—he took a yellow silk handkerchief out of my pocket, and rubbed me down the front of my trowsers as hard as he could, feeling towards my fob—I had a watch, but it was in my waistcoat pocket, and my coat was buttoned—I had a greatcoat on, as well as a body-coat—I made an effort with all the strength I could muster, and pushed him back with my hands against the fire-place—I ran down stairs, and he after me all the way, swearing very much—I hallooed out, "Murder," "Police," at the street door—there were two women standing just within the door, at another door, which leads into a shop—there was no light, but a fire—I kept just within the doorway, with my head and part of my body out, and called out, "Murder," "Police"—the prisoner did not follow me further than to the foot of the stairs in the passage—a policeman came up to me in about a minute—I told him the circumstance—I was all in one gore of blood—I bled at least a pint from my nose—he said he must go and get somebody else, and he came with assistance in two or three minutes—I had much to do to keep within the door till he came, for the women wanted me to go out, for them to shut the door—I went up stairs with the policeman, and found the prisoner in the room where he had ill-treated me—the door was fastened—I spoke very loud to the policeman, so that he must have heard it—I said, he would have taken my life if I had not got down stairs—he said something, and refused to open the door, but in eight or ten minutes after the policemen threatened to break it open, he opened it—I then went into the room with the policemen, and told the prisoner he had stolen my handkerchief—he produced a yellow handkerchief, and asked me if that was mine—I said, very likely it was—I do not know where he produced it from—I looked at it again minutely, and said it was not mine, for I had been taking snuff all the afternoon, and mine was stained with it—my handkerchief was not found at all—the prisoner was given into custody in the room—my head was not hurt, only my face and throat—I put up my hat to save my face, and the crown

of my hat was covered with blood inside, and my eye was very much injured—I have been very bad in my chest ever since—he struck me very violently indeed.





JOSEPH FEARN
. I am a policeman. I came up on hearing the screams of "Murder" and "Police," about twelve o'clock on Sunday night—I found the prosecutor at the door of No. 84, Old-street-road, which is a brothel—he was covered with blood all over, his face, coat, and all—I could not find the prisoner at the bottom of the house—the prosecutor said he thought he was up stairs—I went up to the second floor—the room door was fastened—I knocked at the door several times—the prisoner answered—I told him to open the door—he said he would not—I could hear something sliding, as if he was drawing it towards the door to fasten it—I told him if he did not open the door I would break it open, and was in the act of breaking it open as the prisoner opened it—there was a woman in the room with him—the prosecutor said he would give him in charge for stealing his handkerchief—I searched him at the station-house, but did not find the handkerchief—I found 1s. 6d. on him.

Prisoner. It is not a bad house—I have lived there five months, and never found a strange man in the house before in my life. Witness. There are regular prostitutes going in and out at all hours of the night—I searched the room after taking the prisoner to the station-house, but did not find the handkerchief.

Prisoner's Defence. I came home on Sunday evening, and found this gentleman in my room—I ordered him out, and began to accuse the female I have lived with for above twelve months, with having a strange man up in my room—the gentleman then came up to me and threatened to knock me down—a fight occurred, and I knocked him down on the bed—he hit me several times, but as to taking his handkerchief, such a thing never came into my head—he ran down stairs and hallooed, "Murder and Police"two men came up, and after a few minutes I opened the door—I said, "What do you want?"—he said he had been robbed of his handkerchief—I pulled out my yellow handkerchief and asked if it was his—he said, yes, it was—I said, "That is mine, and my name is on it, come let us go to the station-house"—when he got to the station-house he saw it, and said it was not his handkerchief—I was locked up and taken to the office next morning—as to my having any thing in my hand, there was nothing in my hand—I wished him to go out directly I entered the room.




GUILTY
. Aged 29—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Fourth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

