





Before Mr. Baron Garrow.
717. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHNSON
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of February
, 1 watch, value 6l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Shaw
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
THOMAS SHAW. I am a watchmaker
, and live at Limekiln-hill, Limehouse


 - the prisoner is a seaman
, and I have had dealings with him. On the 27th of February. at eight o'clock in the evening, he called, and stopped some time with me as an acquaintance - he looked at a watch, and said he should like to have such a watch - I had occasion to leave him alone in the shop; the watch was then in the window with several others; the shop was closed, but not the door - I returned in a short time, and found him still in my room; we then went to a public-house together - my brother, who had been left at home, came there to me, and said something, which I told the prisoner, and took him to my house, and while I was consulting somebody what was best to be done, the prisoner went away unexpectedly - I did not see him for two days, when he was apprehended, and my watch produced.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q.Where did you go with him? A. To the Royal Sovereign to spend the evening - there was no ribbon to the watch; its intrinsic value would not be above 30s., being a perishable article, but it is worth six guineas to me - I had known the prisoner eight or nine months, and knew nothing against him - six guineas is the fair selling price; I had sold it for that, but it was not paid for.


                  JOHN 
                  OLLEY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. On the 24th of February, about two o'clock in the afternoon, the prisoner came, and offered this watch in pawn for 3l.; I had received information, and communicated with my young man, who went out for a constable - the prisoner then ran away; my young man ran after him, and in a very few minutes he was brought back - I am certain he is the man.
Cross-examined. Q.Had you agreed to advance him any money? A. No; I should think 3l. a fair sum to advance.
COURT. Q. You never advance the full value? A. No; I should think I could have sold it for 70s., not more.


                  JAMES 
                  SHEPHERD
               



            . I am a Police-serjeant. I was on duty, heard a cry of Stop thief! pursued, and got information, which led me into Black Boy-lane - I went into a house there to look for a person, who was supposed to have run in, and as I came out of the room, I found the prisoner behind the door - the pawnbroker's man, who was in pursuit, said, in his presence, that he was the person who brought the watch to pawn.
Prisoner's Defence. I certainly took the watch, but not with intent to steal it - I should have returned it.




               GUILTY, of stealing to the value of 4l. only
            . Aged 22.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
