





1010. 
               
                  
                     JAMES WALTER 
                     TOOMES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of March, 1 great coat, value 5l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Davison
                  




               
            .


                  JAMES 
                  MILBANK
               



            . I am footman to Mr. George Davison. On the 12th of March I came with the carriage to Mr. Helps, Bartholomew-hospital, and then went to my master's town house, to fetch his great coat, which I put into the carriage, under the back seat; I left the carriage at the bottom of Fore-street


, and went to Moorgate; the coachman came to me in five minutes, and said the coach was robbed - the coat has never been found; it was a dark olive, and rolled up like a bundle.


                  WILLIAM 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . I am the coachman - it was a job-coach; I was in the Castle, at Moorgate, waiting for Milbank - I came out, and saw the carriage door had been opened, and the great coat gone; I had not been away five minutes - Brown came and asked if I had lost any thing, and gave me information.


                  ELEANOR 
                  BROWN
               



            . I live in the neighbourhood. This carriage stood at the public-house door, and nobody with it; I knew the prisoner by his using the house at the corner of the court where I live - I saw him open the carriage door, and bring out the coat; I was not two yards from him - it was a dark coat - he walked away with it; I went on an errand, and saw the coachman in a quarter of an hour, and told him; I should have called Stop thief! but I was in a great hurry to go on an errand.
Prisoner. Her statement is untrue; at the Mansion-house she said she could not tell what it was; at eight o'clock at night it was impossible for her to swear to any body.
ELEANOR BROWN. I do not say it was a coat; I saw him take something out, rolled up like a bundle.


                  ABRAHAM 
                  HAM
               



            . I am an officer. I apprehended the prisoner on the 17th; Brown had given me information on the 12th - I went to look for a man named Thomas, at the Hinds public-house that night, understanding her to say it was Thomas, but it seems she said Thomes.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
