



481. 




JOHN ROBERSON
 was indicted

 for a misdemeanor.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.





ROBERT BUTCHER
. I am clerk to Mr. William Carpenter. On Wednesday, the 28th of December, the vessel called the Reformation was, I believe, in Deptford Creek—I was on the Corn-exchange—the prisoner came to me, and asked me to let him have a little money on account of the freight for the wheat he had brought up—he did not then name the vessel—I said, "Yes, Captain, you can have what money you please; but as you are a stranger to me, where is your bill of lading?"—he replied he had not got a bill of lading—I said, "I shall not advance you a penny, as you are a stranger to me"—he said he could refer me to many persons, but I would not attend to him—he said Captain Hall was ill, and bad employed him to act as Captain for him, and bring the vessel up, and he wanted some money to pay some expenses, or for some damage—he represented himself to be captain of the vessel, because Captain Hall was ill—hesaid he had received money for Captain Hall before, and I advanced him the money—I he had at first said he wanted some money on account of the freight of wheat—I paid him 10l. at the counting-house that evening—if it had not been for his saying that Captain Hall was ill, and asking for money on account of the freight, I would not have advanced him any money—the cargo of wheat was got to our mills on the 31st, and the prisoner came that day to the counting-house, as he said, to settle the freight—I made out the account, at his request, from the meter's notes, and he signed it—it amounted to 46l. 10s. 5d.—I paid him the balance on his representing that he had authority to receive it for Captain Hall—this is the bill.





RICHARD HALL
. I am captain and owner of the Reformation sloop. I sent her up on the 19th of December with a cargo of wheat from Wisbeach by the prisoner—he had brought up a cargo for me once before, and I then gave him the bill of lading, and wrote his authority to receive the freightage on it; but on this occasion I did not authorize him to receive the freight—I did not even tell him the rate per quarter to charge—I did not give him authority to receive this on account of my being ill—I never was in better health in my life—I stopped to spend the Christmas with my family—I had paid the prisoner his wages, and he was to write me a letter as soon as he got to Greenwich, and I said I would send him directions by the return of post—he wrote to me, and I returned him an answer to lay there till he saw me, and I should be up on Tuesday night or Wednesday morning, at furthest—I kept the bill of lading myself, and 1 have it now—when I got to Greenwich, the prisoner was not there—I gave a person. a sovereign to follow him—two of my horses broke down, and I gave 10s. to a man to ride on, and just as he got to town the prisoner was getting out of the omnibus.


WILLIAM BRATTON (City police-constable 90.)I received the prisoner in charge about three o'clock on Sunday afternoon, as he came out of the omnibus, a man came on horseback to give me information—I found on him 26l. in gold, six shillings, and 9d. in copper.

Prisoner's Defence. The day before I left Wisbeach I asked my owner for 2l. to send to my wife—he said, "I will give it you to-morrow morning"—he did not give it me, but as the tide suited for the vessel to sail, he said, "I am not going myself, but I have agreed with another man come and see if we can find him, I think he is drinking somewhere"—we went, and did not find him—the canvass was set on the vessel, and she set off—as we were walking down the town my owner gave me the papers, and two sovereigns—I said, "Is the bill of lading with them?"—he said, "No; go as far as Greenwich, and there wait for orders, and let me know how you get on"—when we got there I wrote to him, and received as answer, to apply to Mr. Carpenter for orders, at I should most likely find him on the market—I went and saw Mr. Butcher—I told him I had arrived with a cargo of wheat for him—he told me to get it on shore as quickly as possible—I got the vessel into the Creek, and the cargo discharged; and as I had drawn the 10l. before, and the owner not coming at the time, I thought I was justified in settling for the whole of the freight, as I have before drawn money on his account, and drawn bills on him, and never had a word of this sort before—I unfortunately got fresh, and lost 20l. of it—the Sunday morning I heard that a lusty gentleman in brown clothes was looking for me—I knew it was my owner, and I said, "I must go as fast as I can to Wool Quay," and when I got to London-bridge I was taken.




GUILTY
. Aged 29.—


Transported for Seven Years.
