





238. 
               
                  
                     MICHAEL ANDREW ADOLPHUS O'CONNER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Randall
                        




                     
                  , on the 28th of November
, at St. George, Hanover-square, and stealing therein 5 1/2 yards of cloth, value 5l. 15s.; 2 coats, value 7l.; 3 pair of trousers, value 3l.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 case of drawing instruments, value 8s.; 3 books, value 4s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 bag, value 6d.; 1 pair of scissors, value 1s. 6d.; and 4 spoons, value 8d.; his goods
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  RANDALL
               



            . I am a tailor
, and live at No. 6, Searl-street, Pimlico


, in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. I lost some property on the morning of the 28th of November - it was between twelve o'clock on the night in the 27th, and five o'clock in the morning of the 28th - when I got up, a little after five o'clock in the morning, I came down stairs to my cutting-room, and found it all in disorder - I went down into the kitchen to procure a light - I returned up stairs and found a great quantity of clothes, some blue cloth, two coats, three pair of trousers, a waiscoat, three books, a case of drawing instruments, belonging to my son, two silver and two plated spoons, a bag, and a silk handkerchief - I found in the house a pair of trousers and a waistcoat, which did not belong to me, they were old - I examined the house, and found the window of the back-kitchen was open, it had been closed the night before - I was the last person up - the window was not fastened down, but it was remarkably stiff from it being scarcely ever opened - I am sure it was down the night before, and it would require a good deal of force to open it - there are two gardens behind my house - the farther one is the Gun Tea-gardens, and from that garden I think he must have entered - there is a wooden paling between the tea-gardens and my premises - I saw at the station-house afterwards three books and the drawing instruments - I don't recollect whether the bag was thereor the handkerchief - I saw the blue cloth on the 7th of December, at Queen-square, in possession of the policeman - I lost a great coat, which was partly finished, that is one of the two coats I mentioned - it wanted examining and some sewing was wanted to finish it.
Prisoner. Q.Was it not your habitual practice to leave your back kitchen window unfastened, and the shop-door, and very often your back-door? A. It was not my custom- my back kitchen window is seldom fastened, that is the window I spoke of - the inside shutters were not shut - they were not usually shut to, nor were they that night.
Prisoner. The shop-door had no force used to it.


                  GEORGE 
                  FARMER
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Harrison - I dont know the prisoner perfectly - I remember some goods being pledged at Harrison's by a person very much resembling the prisoner, on the 28th, 29th, and 30th of November - the same person pawned them - on the 28th of November he pawned two pair of trousers, and a yard and three quarters of woollen cloth for 30s. - I don't remember the colour, it was about eleven o'clock in the morning, - on the 29th of November he pawned a coat for 21s. - on the 30th he pawned a great coat for 20s. - I gave him a duplicate on each occasion - he gave the name of 
               
                  Adolphus 
                  O'Conner
               



             - I have the goods here and produce them.
Prisoner. He was not in the place at all - I say so because I don't wish to avoid the crime I am charged with - I am not going to perplex the truth to avoid the hands of justice, although I have pleaded not guilty - I don't wish to shake the evidence of any party.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANGUS
               



            . I live at No. 8, Marylebone-lane, Oxford-street - I know the prisoner - he is a tailor, and so am I - he applied to me on Friday the 29th of November to finish a great coat - the one produced is it. I recognise my own work in it - when he came to me he said it was wanted by four o'clock on Saturday afternoon, as the gentleman it was for was going into the country.


                  ROBERT 
                  GOOSE
               



            . I am a policeman, I produce the trousers and waistcoat which were left in the prosecutor's house- I received them from the superintendent of the station-house.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RANDALL
               



            . This is the waistcoat and trousers which I found in my cutting-room.


                  WILLIAM 
                  ANGUS
               



            . The prisoner wore this waistcoat when he belonged to the same house of call with me - I have seen him wear them both about three weeks or a month before the 29th of November - I know them by seeing him wear them - nobody had a waistcoat of the same pattern at the house of call - it is a remarkably fine pattern.
Prisoner. Q. Do you say you ever saw me in that waistcoat? A. Yes: and so have several others at the house of call, and nobody about the house wore such a coat as this - I also know the trousers to be yours.


                  ROBERT 
                  GOOSE
               



             re-examined. I took the prisoner into custody at No. 20, Portland-street, in bed - I searched his clothes and found three duplicates, and a key which opened his chest-of-drawers in the room; and in these drawers I found three books, a pair of scissors, and some strips of blue cloth, and some pieces of patterns besides - I found a waistcoat in a bag - he said nothing to me.
Prisoner. Q. Did you not find the scissors in the window? A. I found them in the drawer - they might be at the top of the drawer - a waistcoat and bag were given to me by 
               Stewart
             the landlord.


                  JAMES 
                  STEWART
               



            . I am the landlord of the house the prisoner lodged at, in Portman-street, Soho - on the morning of the 28th of November, he came home a little after five o'clock - he brought a large bundle home with him - I gave the policeman a bag and a waistcoat - the bag had been left by the prisoner in a neighbouring public-house, and brought to me by the man from the public-house.
JOHN RANDALL. This is my great coat.
GEORGE FARMER. These are the three tickets from our shop, one of them I gave myself to the person, the other two are in the handwriting of persons in our establishment, and are for goods pawned there.
MR. RANDALL. The great coat is mine - the two pair of trousers pawned on the 28th of November are mine, and the coat pawned on the 29th, and the three books; and the pair of scissors belong to one of my men, and were taken from the house that night - I lost such blue cloth as this.
Prisoner's Defence. With humble submission to your lordship, and, gentlemen of the jury, I appear before you, feeling very much the embarrassment I necessarily labour under, in addressing a court constituted as this is - it does in a great measure hold in their hands the destiny of a fellow-creature; but I trust you will not consider any inaccurate observations of mine as a contempt of court, but that you will over-rule the objection, attributing it not to want of courtesy, but to the extreme feeling which actuates me at the present moment. I am charged with a crime, which in itself is the worst of all crimes, as it is in some measure a breach of confidence, the prosecutor being my late master; and I know full well the laws of my country will support themselves and sustain the dignity of man. I know well I have committed an offence as far as the indictment goes, but I know the prosecutor knows the exact position in which I stand; I hope he will do justice to my character, as he knows the extreme circumstances under which I laboured before this; and I am sure he will be guided by proper feelings, in doing me justice, if I call on him to speak to my character. And now, gentlemen of the jury, you have all heard fairly, and your superior judgment will weigh every subject you think proper. I am not going to deny the existence of the crime; I leave it entirely in the exercise of your judgment. It may be said to be superfluous in addressing the court, as every word I say tends to convict me - admitting that, I know well there is such a thing as poor Misfortune feeling the lash of Vice. Some of the jury are fathers, and will feel for me - a poor orphan as I am, and have been all my life suffering extreme hardships. Many is the time I have been without a roof to cover me, and taking shelter under the piazza of Covent Garden; and during the inclemency of last winter I suffered almost unheard-of sufferings. I have no father nor mother, nor friend, to whom I could apply; and with the precarious state of trade, by my extreme difficulties, I have had recourse to the piazzas, and two or three nights together I have been without a roof to cover my head, and three and even four days have gone without food; and I am sure the prosecutor knows it is the first time I was evercharged with an offence; and up to that moment, for which I am charged, I bore an irreproachable and unsullied character; I hope you will be inclined to weigh the circumstances in a manner to do honour to your characters. I feel it a great privilege I have in addressing a jury composed as this is. You, gentlemen, are called on to decide my future interests, and I depend on your verdict; am I to be cut off from all the lovely and sociable relations of life? and I tell you, if there are but a few, still there are a few whom I value and esteem. That I have broken the 
               
                  laws 
                  I
               



             do not for a moment deny, nor should I have pleaded"Not Guilty;" it is not to avoid the ends of justice: no; if I have come within the pale of justice, let me suffer as a man; still I call on you to the exercise of this peculiar property which has stood the test of ages, and which is the palladium of public liberty. The eyes of not only the individuals in court, but all the world are looking at me, as I well know - and as you know - and as my worthy prosecutor knows - that up to this very moment I bore an unsullied character - and I regret I did this in an evil hour - and I don't call on the jury to pronounce a verdict of "Not Guilty;" I admit my guilt - in an evil hour I certainly did it! goaded on by poverty, I was in want of food, and when I applied to my friends, I reasoned with them, but they were callous - they were deaf to Reason's voice: I argued with them as points of humanity, and sent them letters. I had not offended them: they could not bring any thing against my moral character; but they would not listen to the voice of humanity. What was left for me? Day succeeded day, and night - night. It is true, through the humanity of Mr. Stewart, I had a roof to cover my head; but still there was a time that before his heart melted with pity at my condition, I have been without a home: and where is the man in the court who does not feel for me? I don't come here as a hardened culprit - I never offended the law before; I feel the sanctity of those laws, and my prosecutor knows I was actuated with a most religious feeling for the laws; if he will condescend to leave that monster- Prejudice, out of the case; and I trust, that having broken my country's laws, and forfeited the protection it would otherwise place on me in the condition the prosecutor stands. The law protects him, and, I hope, also protects me. My lords, I am sure, feel for me; they have children of their own, and they must pity me: during the inclemency of last winter I had no food - I had nothing to quench my thirst but the cool spring water, which my Lord- my Creator, gives me in the construction of the earth; and I leave myself entirely in the exercise of your humanity - you are called on to-day to decide my future interest. And let me speak to you, gentlemen, as between man and man; there is a great chasm between you and me - I may appear to have broken the laws, under whose banner I have long cut; they protected me, and I appeal to you. I have no voice but myself - my wrongs speak - my heart speaks: I don't wish to avoid the ends of justice, but I hope you will, in the exercise of your judgment, remember mercy. Many individuals, I am sure, would be pleased to do me a service, but they are all religious people, and though I speak of it with respect for religion, they are so prejudiced against my crime they will not speak. I have received a most cutting letter from a very respectable one, who will not assist me; they said, because I have broken the laws of my country, they would have nothing to do with me.
MR. RANDALL (re-examined). The prisoner was formerly an apprentice of mine, and left me about four years ago - up to the time he left me I have nothing to allege to his charge - he did not conduct himself very regularly with me - I had a very hard task with him for six years, and at the end of that time he ran away, and I gave up his indenture when he was brought back.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
