





218. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     BULLARD
                  




               
             was again indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of July
, 1 bed, value 20s.; 2 pillows, value 5s.; 1 bolster, value 1s.; 2 sheets, value 4s.; 2 pillow-cases, value 1s.; 1 quilt, value 2s.; 2 blankets, value 4s.; 1 carpet, value 1s.; 1 looking-glass, value 2s.; 1 teapot, value 1s., and 1 candlestick, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Davies
                  




               
            .
CATHERINE DAVIES. I am a widow
, of Earl-street, Lisson-grove


. The prisoner rented my front room, second floor, furnished, for six weeks, and left about the 20th of October, without notice; I received a letter, in consequence of which, I examined her room, and missed these articles - I found the duplicates of some on her chimney-piece.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LANGFORD
               



            . I am a shopman to a pawnbroker. I have a blanket, sheet, pillow, carpet, and looking-glass, pawned at different times, in the name of Bullard, from the 27th of July to the 13th of September; I took most of them in - I cannot swear the prisoner pawned them, but to the best of my belief, it was her pawned the carpet - I have seen her at our shop; five of these duplicates correspond with the articles.


                  WILLIAM 
                  PADDINGTON
               



            . I have a tea-pot and napkin, pawned on the 8th of August, by the prisoner, in the name of Payne - here are the duplicates of them.


                  THOMAS 
                  TRINGHAM
               



            . I received the prisoner in charge, from Mrs. Davies, who gave me thirteen duplicates.
Prisoner. I intended to redeem them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
