





OLD COURT. Friday, April 11, 1834.
Second Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
571. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  COPAS
               




             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        William 
                        Old
                     




                  , on the 16th of March
, at St. Matthew, Bethnal Green


, and stealing therein 1 coat, value 2l. 10s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 1l.; 1 pocket-book, value 8d., his goods
            .


                  CAROLINE 
                  GEORGE
               



            . I am servant to William Old, who lives in Warren-place, Hackney Road


. On Sunday evening, the 16th of March, I went out about seven o'clock, and took the key in my pocket - it is a common spring lock - the windows and all were secure, and the door fastened - I returned about half-past eight o'clock, and found the door shut as I had left it - I opened it with the key, and went in and saw the prisoner in the passage - I heard a noise on the stairs as I opened the door, and said,"Mr. Old, is that you?" and then I found it was the prisoner - I had never seen him before - I had no opportunity of seeing his face distinctly - I said nothing to him - a gentleman was going by, and I said I was afraid somebody had broken into the house - the prisoner went towards the back door, and got out over the garden fence - the back door had been fastened before - at the bottom of the garden there is a pond, and a person could not get out without going through the pond - the prisoner was taken in three or four minutes in a public-house close by - he was wet up to his knees - I recognised him to be the same man immediately - I am certain he is the man I saw in the passage - I am positive the property was all secure when I went out- on examination I found a pair of trowsers in the passage, which were in a drawer up stairs when I went out - I went up stairs, and found all the drawers open, and one had been broken open, a pocket-book was taken from one drawer, a coat was taken out and found in the passage, with the trowsers.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you say, "Is that you, Mr. Old" or Old? A. I cannot say - I am his housekeeper - he is not married - I was very frightened - I ran into the street to give the alarm as fast as I could - I did not enter the house until the prisoner got away - he was in my view about two minutes or a minute - he was not in custody in the public-house - he was standing with about forty persons - a person must go through the pond at the bottom of the garden - he could get out at the side without going through the pond - there is no pond at the side of the garden - I cannot say what coloured handkerchief the prisoner had on - he had a black hat on, I am positive - two men were taken up for this, but I swore to only one.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HOGARTH
               



            . I am a grocer, and live in Kingsland-road. I was about 250 yards from Mr. Old's house - two persons came running towards me - they had no hats on - the first that came up to me I caught at, and missed; but the prisoner I caught by the collar, and held him - he said, "Let me go: I have done nothing" - I took him to the Bakers' Arms - as I went along, I heard something drop like iron - I stopped him; and a person following behind picked up a small crow-bar, which I afterwards saw tried to the drawers - it tallied exactly with the marks on the drawer - when I took the prisoner, he was up to the knees in dirty water, as if he had gone through a pond.
Cross-examined. Q. You do not mean to swear he dropped the instrument? A. No; I cannot swear it - there were two more persons; one who was assisting me to take him along, and one who was behind.


                  THOMAS 
                  FOREMAN
               



            . I am an officer. About half-past eight o'clock I found the prisoner in custody in the Bakers' Arms - I received a crow-bar, which I fitted to the drawers - it tallied exactly, and corresponded in all respects - one corner of it was broken off, and that mark was in the impression - the prisoner was wet up to the knees - he had no hat on when taken - there was no part of the house broken.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you search him? A. I did - I found no picklock-key, or any thing, on him.

MR. PHILLIPS
             to CAROLINE GEORGE. Q. Has Mr. Old any servants? A. None but myself - I left nobody in the house - the up-stairs rooms were all fastened when I went out - I am satisfied all the doors and windows were fastened.


                  GEORGE 
                  KEMP
               



            . I am a policeman. I went to the house - the crow-bar tallied with the drawers - I went down stairs, and traced footsteps towards the pond - the beds up stairs were all turned over - I traced the footsteps down the garden to the pond - the pailing had been broken, and fallen into the pond, where he got over - the house is in the parish of St. Matthew, Bethnal-green.
WILLIAM OLD. This is my property - I know nothing of these hats which were found.
Cross-examined. Q. Have you any other Christian name? A. No: it is my dwelling-house.


                  JOSEPH 
                  WILLIAM GREEN
               



            . I live next door to the prosecutor - I picked up these two hats in the garden at the back of the house - a pond is at the bottom.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
