




640. 




MARY ANN DAVIS
 and 




WILLIAM BROWN
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
22nd of December, 1 watch, value 15s.; 1 watch-guard, value 2d.; 1 watch-ribbon, value 1d.; and 1 watch-key, value 2d.; the goods of 




John Smith.






JOHN SMITH
. I am cook of the ship Maria Brand, which laid in the Thames, at Deptford. On the evening of the 22nd of December I met the prisoner Davis at the Red Cow, in King-street, Deptford—the prisoner Brown was in her company in the house, and I drank with him—Davis took me to a house, a few steps from the public-house, in the same street, New-street—Brown followed us—I went up stairs with the woman—Low, another female, was there—she went out of the room, leaving me and Davis together—I pulled the watch out of my waistcoat pocket—we went on the bed, and I laid my watch on the table—there was a piece of candle in the room, but it burnt out—I called for another—Davis got out of bed to go down stairs to get another light—I got out of bed after her, and felt on the table and missed my watch—she wished to go down for the light—I objected to her going, and said I would go myself—I stopped at the door till a lady brought the light up—I insisted that they both should remain till I went down and got a policeman, which I did, and he took them in charge—they were discharged.

Q. When Brown followed Davis, as you went along, could you observe whether they talked together? A. Yes—I have since seen my watch in the hands of a policeman.





MARY ANN LOW
. I lodge in New-street, in the same house as Davis—

on the 22nd of December she came to me for a light, and I gave her one—the prosecutor came into my room—he afterwards called for a light—I went up with one, and met Brown running down stairs with his shoes in his hand—when I got up I found the prosecutor holding Davis, and complaining that he had lost his watch—it was not found in the room.

Brown. I had my shoes on. Witness. No, he had them in his hand.





MARY STAPLES
. I am a married woman, and live in King-street, Deptford. I know the prisoner Davis—I met her on the evening of the 26th of January, and bought the ticket of a watch of her for 1s. 6d.—I bought it for my son, and gave it to him.





JOHN STAPLES
. I bought a pawnbroker's duplicate for 1s. 6d.—my mother gave it to me, and I gave it to my wife—I gave her money to redeem it—she afterwards produced to me a silver watch, which I gave to Conner, the police-constable.





MARY STAPLES
. I am the wife of the last witness. I went to Mr. Rosier's shop, in Tooley-street, with a duplicate which my husband gave me—I paid 8s. 1 1/4 d. and received the watch, and gave it to my husband.





JAMES CONNER
 (police-constable R 191.) I produce the watch which I got from John Staples.





JOHN SMITH

re-examined. This is the watch I lost.





JOSEPH NIMWICK ROSIER
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Tooley-street. This watch was pawned at our house on the 23rd of December, and redeemed on Friday last—it was pawned by a man, in the name of "William Brown, lodger, No. 3, King-street"—I have seen the prisoner Brown at my house—whether it was on that occasion, I cannot say—I cannot take on myself to say whether he is the person—(looking at his deposition)—this is my handwriting—I have no recollection whether he is the person—the Magistrate asked if I had seen him—I said he might be the person, but could not positively say—I never said I believed he was the person—(the deposition being read, contained the following sentence, "A siver watch was pawned at my shop by a young man who I believe is the prisoner William Brown")—I did not positively say it was him—I said I had seen him at the shop, but could not positively say it was him—I might have said I believed it was him—I have seen such a person at my house—whether it was him I cannot say.

Q. You are represented as having said you believed it to be the prisoner? A. I said I had seen him at my house, but whether on that day I would not positively say—I said it might be him.





BENJAMIN LOVELL
 (police-constable R 15.) I apprehended the prisoner Brown—I was looking for him ever since the 22nd of December, and took him last Sunday night—I told him I wanted him about a watch stolen from New-street—he said he knew nothing about it, nor had he been at the house—I took the woman the same night—she said she had been discharged once for it, and knew nothing of it.

DAVIS*—


GUILTY
 Aged 20.

BROWN-


GUILTY
. Aged 17.




Transported for Seven Years.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
