






1806. 
               
                  FREDERICK 
                  FREWSTER
               




             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     THOMPSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Stephenson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JAMES STEPHENSON. I live in Lower Islington-terrace. On the 14th of July I was looking in at a linen-draper's shop in High-street


, with my wife; I did not feel my handkerchief taken, but on receiving information I felt my pocket, and it was gone; I am quite sure it was safe just before - Thompson was then in custody: Colton produced the handkerchief to me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLTON
               



            . I keep a carver and gilder's shop, within about twenty doors of this linen-draper's. I saw the two prisoners following the prosecutor; I and Taylor, whom I met, watched them - the prosecutor stopped at a shop; the next thing I saw was Taylor taking hold of Thompson - I then saw Thompson throw the handkerchief away; Frewster stood a yard or two from him, and could not avoid seeing what he did - he went away when Thompson was taken; next day as I was taking Thompson to the station-house, I saw Frewster at some distance - knowing him I went after him; he ran away, but I took him in about ten minutes, in White Conduit-fields.


                  GEORGE 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I live at Pentonville. I was with Colton for about five minutes, and saw the lady and gentleman stop at the linen-draper's window; the prisoners then went on each side of them - Thompson then pulled the handkerchief out of the prosecutor's pocket; I caught him in my arms directly he came away - Erewster ran away.
The prisoner Thompson put in a written Defence, stating that he was going to bathe, and picked the handkerchief up in the street, not knowing who it belonged to - that he gave it up immediately it was claimed.
JURY to WILLIAM COLTON. Q.Did you see the prisoners in company? A. I had seen them together for three hours, passing backwards and forwards from the Angel.
GEORGE TAYLOR. I saw Thompson take the handkerchief - Frewster ran away directly.
THOMPSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Life
            .
FREWSTER - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
