



1477. 




MARY SMITH
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of June 1 crown, 1 half-crown, and 2 shillings, the monies of 



John Saunders, from the person of 



Jemima Saunders.






JEMIMA SAUNDERS
. I am the wife of John Saunders, and live in Dogrow. On Saturday, the 10th of June, I went to the Butcher's-row, to boy some meat—I put my hand into my pocket, to get my money, and it was

gone—I had had a crown, a half-crown, and two shillings—the witness told me something, and I went after the prisoner—I caught her at the corner of Red Lion-street—I caught another taller woman, who was with her—the prisoner ran away, and my husband ran, and caught her in the road.





ELI ELIAS
. I am employed at Mr. Grindlay's, a butcher. At half-past ten o'clock that night I saw the prisoner and another come to Mrs. Saunders—the prisoner took up her gown to pick her pocket—I turned my head round, and she dropped the gown—I looked at her again—she took it up a second time, and then went out with the other—I told the prosecutrix, and went down Whitechapel, and pointed them both out to her.





WILLIAM WALKER
. I saw the prisoner and another in Whitechapel, near the shop—the prisoner said, "What are you looking at?" and she gave me a slap on the face—I saw her lift up the woman's shawl when she was outside, and when the meat was being weighed I saw her lift up the gown again, and pull out something in brown paper—she then went out and stood at the corner of Red Lion-street.

MRS. SAUNDERS, (re-examined.) My money was in brown paper. ELIZABETH BACKHOUSE. I examined the prisoner at the station-house—I found a half-crown and two shillings in her mouth.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going to buy something, and had 4s. 6d., which I put into my mouth—I stood talking to some young women at the corner of Red Lion-street, when the prosecutrix and her husband came up, and asked what I had done with the money—I said I had no money, I knew nothing of it—I had but just come out of doors.




GUILTY
 Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.
