





439. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     MOORE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of December
, 1 box, value 2d.; 1 brush, value 2d.; 2 shillings, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           McDarby
                        



                     
                  , from the person of Elizabeth, his wife
            .


                     ELIZABETH 
                     McDARBY
                  



               
            . I am the wife
 of 
               
                  John 
                  McDarby
               



            . On the 3rd of December I was travelling outside the Barnet stage, on the back seat; we got just about the Bull, at Highgate


, about half-past nine o'clock - I felt a hand in my pocket; I put my hand, and took hold of a strange person's hand - I had in my pocket, a little tin box, with 2s. 6d. in silver in it, a comb-brush, and two pieces of paper in it; it was then gone - I called to the coachman; he stopped as quick as he could - I had had my cloak tight round me, and the person had cut my cloak, gown, and pocket; it must have been done by some one off the coach - I saw a person immediately at the bottom, but I did not see his face; he ran away - he looked a tall, slim young man, very much like the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  CATLING
               



            . I am a labourer, at Mr. Bews, Highgate. On the morning of the 3rd of December I saw the coach going to town; the prisoner looks like a man whom I saw hanging at the hind part of it - I saw the prosecutrix sitting at the back; the prisoner jumped from the back of the coach into the road - he then jumped into the path and ran, I suppose, one hundred and fifty yards; I went the nearest way after him, through some fields, and found the prisoner in custody of a gardener - I am sure it was the same person that I saw get down.
JURY. Q. Had you lost sight of him? A. Yes, when he got about one hundred and fifty yards.


                  EDWARD 
                  WATSON
               



            . I heard an alarm, and went down on the road-side; I found the prisoner laying on his back, between the hedge and the fence - I gave an alarm; he jumped into the garden, and was taken by the gardener.


                  JAMES 
                  ANTERTON
               



            . I am a gardener. I heard the alarm as I was working in my master's garden; I saw the prisoner between the hedge and the fence - I asked what he did there; he said Nothing - I said, "You have no occasion to be there;" he said, "They only whipped me off from behind a coach - pray don't tell of me;" I gave an alarm, and he was taken - I went over, and found this box, brush, and knife, buried in the ground, all but a little bit of the brush.


                  JOHN 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I am the officer. I took the prisoner, and have the articles - I found on him three shillings, two sixpences, and one farthing.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I do not know any thing about them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
