





1585. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WOODROFF
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of September
, 1 box, value 10s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Josiah 
                           Chippingdale
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had before been convicted of felony
            .
JOSIAH CHIPPINGDALE. I keep a shop
, No. 52, High Holborn


. On the 2nd of September the prisoner came and asked to see some tea-trays; my boy was attending to him; I was in the parlour, but could see all that passed; he looked at several trays, and the boy turned round; I saw the prisoner lay his hand on something on the desk; I did not know what it was, but when the boy turned round, he said, "I will have that tray, send it to the George Inn, Fetter-lane;" I gave an alarm, and the boy missed a silver strike-light off the desk; he pursued the prisoner - I saw him take it out of his pocket.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  BUTTON
               



            . I am in the prosecutor's employ. The prisoner came and looked at some trays - I showed him some; he said, "Send this one to the George" - I took the address down; I missed a silver strike-light, and went out - I brought him back, and he gave it up.


                  JOHN 
                  RALPH ELLIOTT
               



            . I took the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALL
               



            . I am an officer of Hatton-garden. I produce a certificate of the conviction of the prisoner in Surrey, on the 9th of January, in the 7th year of the late King's reign; he was ordered to be imprisoned for six months - I was present, and know he is the person.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 54. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
