



313. 




WILLIAM HAY
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
31st of December, 32 handkerchiefs, value 8l., the goods of 



William Lancaster Soulby.






WILLIAM COX
. I am a shopman to Mr. Soulby, of Cheapside. On the 31st of December, about a quarter or twenty minutes past seven o'clock in the evening, I was behind the counter, and saw the prisoner in the doorway—I am quite sure he is the person—there was a gas-light in the door-way—there are sashes to the window—the one nearest the door was open—I saw the prisoner put his hand into the window, reach round from the door-way, and run away with a bundle of silk handkerchiefs—the window is glazed towards the street, and has a sash within—he crossed Cheapside, and ran down Bucklersbury—I ran, crying, "Stop thief," and never lost sight of him till be turned down Pancras-lane; and in half a minute after I saw him in custody—I found the handkerchiefs in Pancreas-lane, not two yards from him—the officer stopped him—one of the handkerchiefs was taken from him in my presence—the others I picked up—they were all cut and hemmed—there are thirty-two in all.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How were these handkerchiefs disposed of in the window? A. Tied in a bundle, with a string passed over them, and tied on the ends—lying on other parcels—there is a bow at the entrance of the shop—any one might reach them, by coming into the passage, and reaching out—I am quite sure the prisoner is the man who took the handkerchiefs—I saw his face when he took them—I had my eye upon him all the time he was running down Bucklersbury—if he had thrown them down before I turned the corner I should have seen him.





GEORGE CHEENEY
. I am an officer. I heard an alarm—I was in Pancras-lane, coming towards Bucklersbury—I saw the prisoner running, and several persons following him, crying, "Stop thief"—I caught him in

my arms—I pulled open his coat, and this handkerchief dropped from his bosom—I did not see the bundle fall.

Cross-examined. Q. These others were in a bundle? A. No, they were all loose—his coat was not buttoned—I caught him by the collar, and his coat came open.





WILLIAM LANCASTER SOULBY
. Cox is my shop-boy—this handkerchief is mine, and is one of the parcel that was taken out of my shop—I have no particular mark on it, but I have others like it—they are of different colours and sizes—I had merely tied them with a small piece of twine.

Cross-examined. Q. Can you swear it has not been sold? A. No; but it has not been washed—I cannot swear to the number I lost, but there were thirty-two found.

Prisoner's Defence I was going to a friend in the Borough; this officer sopped me, and said I had stolen a handkerchief from a gentleman's pocket.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
