





1634. 
               
                  
                     ANTHONY 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of June
, 1 watch, value 6l.; 1 gold chain, value 3l.; 1 steel chain, value 2s.; 2 seals, value 10s.; 1 watch-key, value 1d., and 5 rings, value 5l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Catherine 
                     Twamley
                  




               
            .


                  CATHERINE 
                  TWAMLEY
               



            . I lost a great number of articles at the fire in Oxford-street


; I have seen the articles stated - they are mine.


                  JAMES 
                  WALSH
               



             (Police-constable C 4.) I have a watch-movement, which I got from Mr. Burgess - this medal I found on the prisoner at the station; this gold chain I received from Mr. Smart - this gold watch, four rings, six sovereigns, and a brooch, I found at Mr. Sharp's, a publican, in Green-court.


                  SIMON 
                  GEISMAR
               



            . I am a jeweller. This watch-movement is mine - I lodged at the house which was burnt down.


                  HENRY 
                  BURGESS
               



            . I am a builder. The prisoner gave me this watch-movement on the Thursday night after the fire; I had spoken to him, in consequence of having heard that some things had been taken, and he brought this watch-movement, and stated it was all he had got, except a ring, which appeared more like a brass ring than any thing else - I had employed him to remove the rubbish of the fire, and what was found he was to give to me, as I was in possession for the Westminster Fire-office.
Cross-examined by MR. DONNE. Q. Did you give him instructions to give all he found to you? A. Yes: I desired all who were there to put all they found in a fireplace-I do not know that I desired the prisoner in particular.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LYNCH
               



            . I am a workman in the Five-fields, Chelsea - the prisoner lodged in my house. I saw the prisoner with this gold chain, a silver chain, and this watch, which he took out of his pocket in Mr. Smart's shop: I work for Mr. Burgess, but I was not at this job - the prisoner told me he had picked up these things in Soho-square, where Mr. Burgess' cart shot the rubbish; Mr. Smart objected to buy the watch, and he took that and some other things to Mr. Sharp's, and delivered them at the bar.
Cross-examined. Q. What was it you saw in possession of the prisoner? A. This chain and the case of this movement, which Mr. Smart bought; I believe this to be the watch which Mr. Smart would not buy - he said he picked them up in Soho-square, among the rubbish; I am a labourer - I have been in Newgate, but was not tried.


                  KNELLER 
                  SMART
               



            . I am assistant to Mr. 
               
                  Benjamin 
                  Smart
               



            . He is a refiner, and lives in Princes-street. I remember the prisoner and Lynch coming there on the 4th of June, about six o'clock in the evening; the prisoner laid down this chain, this watch, and several small silver articles; he said he picked them up in Soho-square; the chain came to 2l. 2s. 7d. and the silver to 12s. 4d. - I paid him, and Lynch gave me back 1d. - they left the shop, and soon after came back, pulled out a paper, and laid down this watch - I said that did not come from the shoots; he said No, from the ruins; I said he must take that back, and give it to the firemen in possession - he said there was no one - I told him then to take it to Mr. Burgess, and he could tell him where to return it to - he hesitated, but I said I should insist upon his going to take it back - he then left the shop.
Cross-examined. Q. Had he given you his name and address? A. Yes, the first time.


                  ANN 
                  HIGGINS
               



            . I live with Mr. Sharp. The prisoner called and asked me for the money that he left with Mr. Sharp; I fetched the parcel from my master, and gave it him in the passage; he was forward in drink - I followed him; he went into another public-house, and I told him he had better leave it with the girl there - I gave it her, and she gave it me again afterwards - I do not know what was in it.


                  MARY 
                  HIGGINS
               



            . I am sister of this witness - she gave me the parcel, and I gave it her again.


                  LUCY 
                  SHARP
               



            . I am wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Sharp
               



            . On the 4th of June the prisoner delivered me a parcel, with a watch,five or six rings, six sovereigns, and a brooch in it, to take care of for him - I gave them to the officer.
Cross-examined. Q. Was it open? A. Yes, he gave it me open; I have kept money many times for him - he was tipsy.


                  CATHERINE 
                  TWAMLEY
               



            . I cannot swear to the money, but I had eight sovereigns in the house.
Prisoner's Defence. If any things was found in the ruins I mentioned it; sovereigns and other things were found, and a 50l. note was picked up. Mr. Burgess gave us no order to take care of them - the place was all cleared, and I went to the square where the rubbish was, turned some of it over with my shovel, and found these things there.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 40. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
