




401. 




THOMAS LEWIS LORDEN
 and 



JOHN LORDEN
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Sarah Desforges, on the 
7th of December, at 
Lewisham, and stealing therein 1 box, value 1s.; 6 tin-cases, value 1s. 6d.; 31 oz. weight of sweetmeats, value 4s.; 9 pence, 63 halfpence, and 9 farthings; her goods and monies.






SARAH DESFORGES
. I live at Blackheath, in the parish of Lewisham, and keep a greengrocer's shop and rent the whole house there. On the 7th of December, about a quarter to twelve o'clock in the day, I went out of my shop to the back part of my house—I left the shop-door shut but not fastened—it was latched—I returned in five or six minutes, and found it wide open—a boy afterwards came in—I looked round, and missed a box, with 3s. 6l. in copper in it, and six tin-cases containing different kinds of sweetmeats—it was safe when I left the shop—the box was brought back by Smith.





EDWARD GEORGE COPPIN
. I am groom to Mr. Mears of Blackheath. On the 7th of December I heard of this, about ten minutes after twelve o'clock, and went in pursuit of the party towards the Paragon—I saw the prisoner, Thomas Lorden, drop the box by Mr. Warren's gate—the other prisoner was running with him, and he ran on two or three yards before him—John ran down an area in the Paragon, and when I turned the corner the other stood still—I secured them both—Smith took up the box when it was thrown down, and went to the prosecutrix's with it.





HENRY MUMFORD
. I am one of the Lewisham police. On the 7th of December, I went to the Hare and Billet public-house, and found the prisoners in Coppin's custody—I asked Thomas Lorden what he did with the box—he said a man had employed him to carry it over towards the Paragon, and told him to run with it—I saw the prosecutrix the same night, and afterwards asked Thomas Lorden if he went over the counter or round it to get it—he said he went round the counter and took it—I made him no promise or threat—the other prisoner said he had nothing to do with it, he was only in company with him—they are cousins.






SARAH DESFORGES

re-examined. The 3s. 6d. is still in the box—it has never been opened—it is a sweetmeat-box—it is mine.





THOMAS LORDEN
*—


GUILTY
. Aged 13.—


Transported for Ten Years.

JOHN LORDEN—


NOT GUILTY
.
