






2154. 




MICHAEL MAY,



 THOMAS JAMES
. and 




EDWARD RYNARD. alias
 Edward Barrett.

 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
16th of July, 150 lbs. weight of lead, value 1l. 10s., and 1 metal cock, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 



Henry Dodd; being fixed to a building: and that May had been before convicted of felony.






HENRY DODD
. I am a scavenger. The houses, Nos. 17 and 18, Pump-row, Old-street-road, are mine—they were empty—I saw the skylights and all the gutters perfectly secure on the 26th of June—I sent my foreman there, I think on the 30th—he came back and informed me that the house had been robbed, and that he bad found some men in the house, with baskets and lead cut up, ready to be taken away—I went, and was satisfied that it was cut away—I did not myself see the parts fitted—I am certain it is my property—I know nothing of the prisoners—I had locked the doors when I went away, and left all secure.





JOHN CLARK
. I am a scavenger in the prosecutor's employ—he sent me to these houses to shift a water-pipe—I unlocked the door, and found I could not get in—the chain inside was fastened—I pushed the door back as far as I could, and saw two baskets there—I went to the police-station and fetched an officer—the baskets did not belong to me or my master—I saw the fanlight was broken above the door—I helped the man that was with me over, to undo the chain inside, and when he undid it, the policeman and I proceeded up-stairs, and in the first floor back-room saw two pairs of strange shoes—the officer took them up-stairs, and in the second floor front room we found the three prisoners, apparently nearly asleep—they were rising from the floor as we entered—they were perfect strangers—they would not give any account of themselves in any respect whatever—it was about seven o'clock in the morning—the officer waited at the door—I proceeded to the back-room, and saw a hole cut about eighteen inches square in the ceiling—I raised myself up and found the gutters from both houses stripped off, the rain water-pipes from both houses, and upwards of 150 lbs. weight of lead taken, and a metal cock was cut off—I afterwards fitted the lead found, with the flat, and it corresponded, so did the brass cock—I am certain it was cut from there.





ANDREW BOYESON
. I am a policeman. I was sent for by Clark—he has related all that passed accurately—I found the prisoners and the lead in the way described—it appeared to me that it was part of the gutter—I have compared them, and they exactly fit—I have no doubt at all about it.





JOHN CHARLES PATTEN
. I am a policeman. I went to the house—the account given by the witness is perfectly true.

James's Defence. I came up from harvest, and seeing the door open, we went in, and overslept ourselves.





NATHANIEL CATER
. I am a policeman. I produce the certificate of May's former conviction from Mr. Clark's office—(read.)—I was at his trial—he is the person who was then tried and convicted.

MAY.—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

JAMES.—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.

RYNARD.—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.




Transported for Seven Years.
