





1307. 
               
                  
                     ALEXANDER 
                     KEMBLE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of June
, 1 half-crown, the money of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Willougbby
                     



                  , from the person of Edith, his wife
            .


                     EDITH 
                     WILLOUGHBY
                  



               
            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Willoughby
               



            . I lost a half-crown, on the 5th of June, as I was on the coach near Belfont-end


 - I had seen the prisoner, about a quarter of an hour before, with his right arm hanging to the back of the coach; this was about twelve o'clock in the day - I merely saw him there about a quarter of an hour before the coach stopped at the Coach and Horses, near Brentford; I did not see him get off - I saw him afterwards; an Excise-officer came, and asked me if I had a pocket on - I said I had; he asked if I had lost any thing - I said I did not know; I looked at my clothes, found them cut, and a half-crown taken from my pocket - I then looked round, and saw the prisoner about two hundred yards off; I said, "That is the young man who was behind the coach" - he was taken, and the half-crown found in his hand; my pocket was cut quite through, but no part taken away.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. You had seen the prisoner a quarter of an hour before? A. Yes, but I had lost sight of him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I am an Excise-officer. I was coming from Brentford, and saw the prisoner hanging with his right arm to the coach, and his left hand up against the woman's clothes - he seemed to move it; he saw me, I believe, and put something to his mouth - I ran after him, and saw him turn; he sat down on the irons, and then put his right hand to the prosecutrix's clothes - I ran, and when the coach stopped, I saw her clothes were cut; the prisoner was in sight, and she said, "That young man was behind;" I ran with another man, and we took him near the bridge - he had a large clasp-knife, and this half-crown was in his hand; a little boy told me he had it in his right-hand, and it was so - he had denied having any thing on him but 2s., which he had; the constable found the knife on him - he is not here; he took the knife from him at the office at Bow-street - I should think it was not sharp enough to cut the clothes.


                  EDITH 
                  WILLOUGHBY
               



             re-examined. Q.What was cut? A. My gown, petticoat, and pocket; he showed the knife, and said, "That is the only knife I had."
COURT. Q. Had you had your half-crown in your pocket? A. Yes, about half an hour before I saw the prisoner; it was loose in my pocket, and had been given me three hours before by my mother - I did not see any other person behind the coach; my sister sat on one side of me, and a young man on the other - my sister's clothes were cut in three places: the young man who was sitting was on my left-hand side, and my clothes were cut on my right side, and my sister's on the left.
MR. BARRY to WILLIAM TAYLOR. Q. Have you not seen boys and men hanging behind a coach? A. Yes, but the prisoner's arms were through the irons at the top - he was hanging with his arm to the iron, and his left hand was up to her clothes; it was not pressing against her - I thought he was going to cut her clothes, from the position he was in, and from his hand moving; as soon as the cry of Stop thief! was raised he ran away - I suppose ten minutes had elapsed from the time I first saw him till the coach stopped; she did not get down - the coach stopped to change horses.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
