



6. 





JOHN KING
 was indicted

 for embezzlement; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






ROBERT CHARLES HOPE
. I am in the employ of Messrs. Thomas, of Cheapside. The prisoner was in their employ—on Wednesday, the 8th of November, I sent him with some clogs to Mr. Pickering, of Liverpool-buildings, Bishopsgate-street—he was to receive 1l. 14s. and bring it back—I did not see him again till he was in custody, on the Tuesday following.





MARY PICKERING
. I am the wife of William Pickering, of Liverpool-buildings, Bishopsgate-street. On Wednesday, the 8th of November, I paid the prisoner 1l. 14s. for a dozen pairs of clogs which he brought—I gave him a sovereign, three half-crowns, a shilling, and sixpence, to pay to Messrs. Thomas—he wrote a receipt to the bill, which was sent into the country with the clogs.

Prisoner. I met my father, whom I had not seen for four years, and be followed me up to her door—I gave him the money, and went with him to St. Giles's, where he spent it





WILLIAM THOMAS
. I live in Cheapside, and have two partners. The prisoner was my errand-boy—he occasionally took out small parcels, and was to bring the money to one of the clerks in the counting-house, but he never returned—his mother had come on Thursday to inquire for him, and on Friday she brought him, saying he had told her he met a cabman, who beguiled him into a house of ill-fame, and got the money from him—he said himself that it was a cabman—but before the Magistrate he said it was his father—his mother said in his presence that she was a widow.

Prisoners Defence. My mother did not say she was a widow—my father has been a lunatic these fourteen yean—I made no statement about a cabman—I said my father took me in a cab and drove away to St. Giles's.





JOHN KINSEY
. I am a policeman. I was present at this court when the prisoner was arrainged here, in June Sessions—he pleaded guilty—I have the certificate of his conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark—(ready—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
. Aged 14.—


Transported for Seven Years.
