



1448. 




JOSEPH KERRISON
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of April, 21 glazed window-sashes, value 9l.; and 561bs. weight of lead, value 10s.; the goods of 



John Tanner; and fixed to a certain build-ing; against the Statute, &c.






JOHN TANNER
. I am the owner of thirteen houses in Mills's-court, Curtain-road. The sashes were taken from nearly all the houses—I had

not seen them for about two months before—the houses were empty—there was some lead cut away from the gutter between Nos. 1 and 2.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. Were these all empty houses? A. I do not know that they were all empty—I was the sole lessee at that time—I have a person named Tiffin in my employ, but I bad not at that time.





CHARLES JONATHAN PARSONS
. I am a cordwainer, and live at No. 19, Mills-court. The prisoner came to me, and asked which were Mr. Tanner's houses—I pointed them out to him, and said, "Has Mr. Tanner sent you?"—he said, "Yes—have you seen Mr. Tanner this morning?"—I said, "No"—he said, "He has given me one key to go in, and was to meet me here"—I said, "He must have been an old fool to give you only one key to go into thirteen houses"—next day I saw him again, and asked him if he worked for Mr. Tanner—he told me again that he worked for him—at another time he told me Mr. Tanner was gone to Lambeth to buy some scaffolding poles—one morning I came down and opened my window, and saw him with a half-sash on his shoulder—he went into No. 16, and said he was to take them all there till he saw Mr. Tanner—I then went and told Mr. Tanner, and next morning I went and tried the doors, and they were fast.

Cross-examined. Q. Did not the prisoner come there again? A. Yes, but he was not taken up—he was taken for another robbery—it was about the 30th of April I saw him take the sashes into No. 16—I saw him about for a fortnight—there were no workmen about the premises at that time.





ELIZABETH ANN PARSONS
. I saw the prisoner in April, as I was standing at our door—he said, "Can you tell me which are Mr. Tanner's houses?" I said, "Yes"—he said he came to take-out the sashes till the houses were let—I said, "If so, I will not stop in our house; it will look a pretty beggarly place; I will go away."

MR. TANNER
re-examined. The prisoner was a total stranger to me—I never directed him to go and take out the sashes, nor to take away the lead.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years more.
(There were three other indictments against the prisoner.)
