





324. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     ADAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry 
                           Ewers
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  EWERS
               



            . I am a cabinet-maker
. On the 24th of December, as I was returning from the City, through High-street, St. Giles'


, my attention was drawn to a grocer's-shop, which was fitted up with illumination-lamps - it was about half-past ten o'clock at night; I felt something at my pocket, turned round, and saw the prisoner drawing my handkerchief from my pocket, and hand it over to his accomplice - he ran over to some buildings - I ran, caught him before he got there, and gave him over to the Police, but the other got away with the handkerchief; I am certain the prisoner is the person who took it from my pocket - I kept my eyes upon him as he crossed the road, and never lost sight of him.
Prisoner. He caught another man, and I accused him of it. Witness. I did take his accomplice first, but findingthe prisoner making his escape, I ran after him - if the Police had been near I should have taken them both.
Prisoner. He came and asked if I had the property - I said, "No, Sir," and then he took me to the road, to see if I had thrown it down. Witness. No, I did not; I took him to the Police, but I had several other things in my pocket, and I thought I might have dropped some.
JURY. Q. Did he and the accomplice go the same way? A. No. - I laid hold of the accomplice directly; I did not go from the place.


                  JOHN 
                  THORP
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I took the prisoner from the prosecutor - I asked what he had done with the handkerchief; he said he had not got it.
Prisoner's Defence. I deny having it, or having seen it - I was crossing and was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
