



893. 




WILLIAM ROBERTS
 was indicted

for stealing on the 
25th of February 20lbs. of lead value 4s. the goods of 



Samuel James Lloyd and others and fixed to a certain building.


ELIZABETH MASON I am married and live in Tokenhouse yard. The houses nos 1.2 and 3 are unoccupied and were so at the time in question—about three weeks ago—it might he the 25th of Febrauay I cannot be certain of the date)but about half past eight

o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner with a ladder, which he raised against the house No. 2, and removed two pieces of lead off the top of the door—he pulled them off and rolled them up, each separately—he pulled them down, got off the ladder. and carried the lead away. leaving the ladder there—I did not see him again that day—he came again on the 30th of March, raised his ladder to some pipe, and removed a leaden trunk and trough—he dragged two pieces of lead along, and got to the window, but the shutters were fast and he could not get in—he went and tried another window, but could not get in—he came down his ladder. and seeing me at my window. he put his ladder under the house and left it—I saw Mr. Lloyd and some others take him into custody, with the ladder on his shoulder, when he came to fetch it—he had watched me, but I hid myself and saw him return for the ladder.

Prisoner. Q. On what day was the lead stolen? A. On the 25th of February, I believe—I did say I could not swear to you—I said I was positive you were the man, but should not like to take an oath as I had never done so.





MARY M'GREGOR
. I live at No. 29, Tokenhouse-yard, opposite No. 2. I saw the prisoner take the lead off the top of the door—he was on a ladder—I thought he was a workman—I should not like to swear to him, because I only saw his back, but I believe him to be the man.





WILLIAM FAIRCLOTH
. I am a wine merchant, and live at No. 29. Token-house-yard, M'Gregor is my servant—I heard of this, and acquainted Mr. Lloyd on the 30th of March, as I saw a man up the ladder—he came with me, but the man was gone, having left the ladder under the house—Mr. Lloyd waited in my house some time. and then left—I was at the window, and saw the prisoner come and take the ladder—Mr. Lloyd had just got to my door, and he went and collared him—I had seen the prisoner raise a ladder to the house, and raise the window, and attempt to push the shutters open—he was taken into custody with the ladder on his shoulder.





SAMUEL JAMES LLOYD
. I am a banker. These houses belong to the firm—they were unoccupied—out attention had been drawn to the lead having been taken, and I found it was ripped off—I know nothing of the prisoner—he had no authority to remove the lead—I took him into custody with the ladder on him.

Prisoner's Defence. I never took any lead in my live—I had been drinking that morning, and thought if I could get inside the house to lie down a little while it would sober me—it is very probable the witness may be mistaken in me in, looking through a window.




GUILTY
. Aged 37—


Transported for Seven Years.
