





975. 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     HURRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of March
, 3 half-crowns, and 1 crown, the monies of 
                     
                        John 
                        Gardiner
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  GARDINER
               



            . I live in Lamb-alley, Bermondsey-street, and am a skinner
. On the 6th of March I went to a public-house in Wentworth-street - I had a pint or two of beer; I asked for a bed, and they could not let me have one, but recommended me to a private house just by - I went there, and went to bed; I counted what money I had before I went to bed; I had two crowns and three half-crowns, and I put them into my trousers pocket - there was a candle in the room; when I had been in bed about twenty minutes, I saw a woman come into the room with nothing on her but her shift - she came to my bed-side; I asked what she wanted - she said to come to bed to me; I had placed my trousers, with my money in them, under my head, but when I looked round I saw them on the floor, near to the prisoner - I got out of bed, examined my trousers pockets, and missed the three half-crowns and one of the 5s. pieces; I accused the prisoner of robbing me - she could not speak, on account of having something in her mouth; I seized her, and in the scuffle the candle went out - I called the people of the house, and sent for a Policeman; when he was coming up the stairs the prisoner put a crown-piece and a half-crown into my hand, and said she would make it all up before the Policeman came - I said I would not till she gave me the other two half-crowns; I saw she had something in her mouth - I seized her throat, and grappled with her, but I have never seen the other two half-crowns since; I detained her till the officer came in- I had had a pint or two of beer, just to refresh myself.
Prisoner. I was in bed when he came into the house; he asked if there was any woman in the house - he heard me cough, and said, "That is a woman's voice." Witness. No, I did not; I did not get out of bed and let her in in her shift.
COURT. Q.How came you to go there for a bed? A. I had been to some friends, then went to the public-house, and as I felt myself fatigued I thought I would get a bed there.
Prisoner. Did I not say, "If you think I have any money, where have I got to put it?" and then you asked the woman to send for an officer; I did not offer to go away - I did not put this money into your hand. Witness. Yes, you put the money in my hand in the dark.
JURY. Q.What hour was it? A. A quarter before eight o'clock - I had never seen the prisoner before, and did not know she was in the house till she came to my bed-side; I suspected it was a house of ill-fame when I got into it, and that made me count my money - I never was in the house before; I am not married.


                  JAMES 
                  WALTON
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the night of the 6th of March I was in Wentworth-street; I was called, and went to the house, where I found the prisoner and the prosecutor on the second floor - the prosecutor was standing in his shirt, and the prisoner in her shift; I took a light with me - there was no light in the room; the prosecutor said she had robbed him of 12s. 6d. - he held out his hands, and said, "Here is what she has given me back," holding a crown-piece in one of his hands, and a half-crown in the other - I took the prisoner to the station-house, but found nothing on her; the prosecutor appeared sensible of what was going on - there was a partition between the room his bed was in and the other; that house makes up from seventy to eighty beds- they are all in narrow slips; the partitions only go up about six or seven feet high - it is more like a rabbit-warren than any thing else; any person might throw any thing over the partition; I have had several charges from that house.
JURY. Q. What is the sign of the public-house? A. The Two Brewers.


                  HENRY 
                  MARQUARD
               



            . I was with Walton - I received the crown and half-crown; we could not find any more -I did not observe that there had been a candle in the room, which had been put out.
Prisoner's Defence. He had been drinking - heowned himself he was drinking with another female at the corner.


                  JOHN 
                  GARDINER
               



            . It is false.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
