






109. 
               
                  

                                 JOHN 
                                 MELVEY
                              




                           
                         and ELEANOR (HIS WIFE
)



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of November
, 1 trunk, value 18s.: 2 boxes, value 1s. 6d.; 6 gowns, value 30s.; 8 shifts, value 18s.; 4 petticoats, value 8s.; 5 aprons, value 5s.; 7 handkerchiefs, value 7s., and 2 counter panes, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah 
                     Jacombe
                  




               
            .
SARAH JACOMBE. I am a widow
, and live in Old-street-road


. On the 18th of November I went out about noon, and locked my door, leaving every thing secure; the property stated was safe - I returned at a quarter before eight; I put my key to unlock the door, and found it was unlocked - I went in and found my drawers open and empty; I missed a hair trunk, and the articles which were in it - I know nothing of the prisoners.


                  JOHN 
                  EASTERBROOK
               



            . On the 18th of November, about eight o'clock in the evening, I fell in with the prisoners, and two men with them; 
               
                  John 
                  Melvey
               



             had this large hand-box. and his wife the small one - I did not see that the other two men had any thing, and they got away; I called a butcher to go after them, and I took the prisoners but I found they were getting rather the better of me, by repeatedly striking me over the arms, and I called the butcher back to assist me, as it was near Petticoat-lane.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Did you know either of the other men? A. I should know one of them if I was to fall in with him - I did not know either of the prisoners, to my knowledge; I only know the other man by walking behind him and the prisoners for near half a mile that evening - I do not know that I had ever seen that other man before; the prisoners said the other person had employed them to carry the things, and this man said, "Let me go, I will run after them," but I did not let him go because he had the property about him; I did not then know the prosecutor had been robbed - I noticeda gown among the property, and I said I thought it belonged to a person who had lately been robbed; they were about a mile from the prosecutor's - I found this trunk at their lodgings.
 - HUNT. I live at No. 3, Little Pearl-street. The prisoners had a room not a dozen yards from the house I live in; when the officer came I tried the keys of some rooms I have, but none of them would open their room - I cannot tell when I had seen the prisoners there; I had not been in the room before I went with the officer.
SARAH JACOMBE. This property is all mine.
Cross-examined. Q. How long before you went out had you seen these things safe? A. About noon, when I went out.


                  John 
                  Melvey
               



            's Defence. Two men employed me and my wife to carry these things, and gave us 2s., which the Policeman took from me at the station-house.
JOHN MELVEY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .


                  ELEANOR 
                  MELVEY
               



             - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .(See page 32.)
