





1223. 
               
                  
                     CORNELIUS 
                     BUTT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of April
, 1 coat, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Cotton
                        



                     
                  ; 1 coat, value 15s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Peters
                        



                     
                  ; 1 hat, value 8s.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 2 milk-cans, value 1s.; 2 cloths, value 6d., and 11s. in copper monies, the property of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Dowsett
                        



.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HATFIELD
               



            . I was a watchman of Islington. On the 21st of April, about a quarter to five o'clock in the morning, I saw the prisoner in Highbury-park, which is nearly two miles from the toll-gate - he was carrying a bundle; I asked what it contained - he said two coats; I asked him to open it, and found two coats - he said he had bought them of a man on the road; all the property stated in the indictment was found on him, and the key of the tollgate among it.


                  ROBERT 
                  BROWN
               



            . I was watch-house-keeper at Islington. The prisoner was brought to me with two bundles; I searched his person, and found 11s. 2 1/2d. in copper on him, and a can.
GEORGE DOWSETT. I am toll-taker
 at Islington-gate


. On the 21st of April I fell asleep about a quarter past two o'clock, awoke a little before three, and directly missed all this property out of the toll-house - 11s. worth of copper was taken off the mantel-piece.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was out of work, and met two young men, who asked me if I wanted to buy a bargain - they showed me two coats, and said I should have them for half a crown, which I gave them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 24. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
