





OLD COURT. TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 22.
First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
590. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     WINGROVE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of February
, 1 tub, value 2s.; and 112lbs. of white lead, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           James 
                           Crease
                        




                     
                   and another
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  WHITAKER
               



            . I live in Maidenhead-court, Aldersgate-street, with my father, who is an auctioneer's porter. On Thursday evening last, about a quarter to seven o'clock, I saw the prisoner at Mr. Crease' door, in Smithfield


, with two other men - I saw one of the other men help a tub of white lead on the prisoner's shoulder, just at the end of the rails outside the shop - the prisoner ran away across Smithfield with it, and the others went a different way - I went into the shop, and told what I had seen; I and Crease's man went after the prisoner - I did not see him stopped; I saw him afterwards, and am certain he is the man I saw run away with the cask - he was brought back with it; I saw him before the Alderman next day, and was certain of him then.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CATMULL
               



            . I am a constable. I was going through Smithfield on Thursday evening, about a quarter to seven o'clock - the prisoner passed me with a keg on his back; I suspected something wrong, and followed him; he crossed from Crease' shop, and was about seventy yards from it; I followed him into Bartholomew-close, and while I was watching where he was going, Welch came running up with Whitaker, and in consequence of what he said I secured the prisoner, without losing sight of him - Welch claimed the keg as his master's I am sure I never lost sight of him.
Prisoner. That is false, he did.


                  STEPHEN 
                  WELCH
               



            . I am in the employ of James and 
               
                  Orlando 
                  Crease
               



            , oilmen
, of Smithfield; there are no other partners. I had seen this cask of white lead about a quarter of an hour before the alarm; it was on the pavement at the door, and had just been brought out of a cart - Whitaker gave an alarm; I went out with him, and saw the prisoner through Cloth-fair; I stopped him in Barley Mow-passage - Catmull, who was looking after him in Cloth-fair, had asked me what was the matter; I took hold of the keg on his shoulder, and Catmull seized him; I have no doubt of the keg - it is here, and contains white lead: there was no mark on it; I missed one from the door when the boy gave the alarm, and I had seen it a quarter of an hour before - there had been eight at the door.


                  CHARLES 
                  WHITAKER
               



            . I saw the prisoner with the keg when I went into Cloth-fair, which was not more than five minutes after I saw him take it from the door.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along Smithfield, five hundred yards from the house; a man came up, asked me to carry this to Barbican, and he would satisfy me - this man came up, and said, "You have my property," and gave me in charge; the officer asked if he was sure it was his; he said he did not know that it was, and at the Compter he said it was not his.


                  STEPHEN 
                  WELCH
               



            . I never said it was not my master's - I attended before the Magistrate, but I could not swear to it, as I did not see it taken from the door.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
