





Before Mr. Baron Bayley.
517. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     GREEN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           Curry
                        




                     
                  , and stealing 1 tea-pot, value 1l., and 3 spoons, value 1l., her property
            .


                  ANN 
                  CURRY
               



            . I live in Clarence-place, Pentonville


. -On the 21st of January, at two o'clock in the day, I was standing at my back yard door, and heard a noise; I came up the steps, and saw the prisoner in my front kitchen - he had got in from the area, which opens into the kitchen: I know the door was on the latch - it was shut and latched ten minutes before; I cannot say whether the latch had caught - I had not shut it myself - I was going to run down into the kitchen, but I felt alarmed, and ran into the front parlour, looked through the window, and saw him in the area, putting my plated tea-pot behind him, on the ground - I called the servant, but she paid no attention to me; I opened the street door, and followed him down the garden into the road, calling Stop thief! I pursued him part of the way down the street; he was followed by some boys and men - I did not see him stopped; I saw him at the station-house, and am certain he is the man - a table and tea-spoon were produced, which have my crest on them.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  FRANCIS 
                  BROWN
               



            . I am a Policeman. I saw the prisoner immediately after he was apprehended - I received these spoons from Kennedy, who found them in a ditch; I returned them to Rawlinson.


                  JOSEPH 
                  KENNEDY
               



            . I heard a cry of Stop thief! and when I got out I found the prisoner in custody; I went down into a ditch, by direction of the witness, and found a table-spoon, and then a tea-spoon; I gave them to Brown.
GEORGE MEARS. I heard a ery of Stop thief! and saw the prisoner running - I followed; a gentleman, who was before me, stopped him, in my sight; I saw him throw something, which was white, into a ditch - I could not tell whether it was more than one thing; I pointed the spot out to Kennedy, and he found the table-spoon there.


                  JOSEPH 
                  CANNON
               



            . I was in Baguigge-wells-road, and heard a cry of Stop thief! several people tried to stop him- I stopped him; he said, "I have done nothing - let me pass;" I kept him, and said, "If you have done nothing, meet your accusers;" he put his hand into his right-hand pocket, and threw something into the Fleet-ditch - I pointed the place out to Kennedy, and he found a tea and table-spoon there.




               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 20.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
