





222. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     LITTLETON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of November
, 1 box, value 3d., and 37 segars, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Abraham 
                     Biggs
                  




               
            .
ABRAHAM BIGGS. I am a tobacconist
, and live in Great St. Andrew-street


 - the prisoner was a stranger. On Saturday, the 17th of November, I went out about ten o'clock in the morning, and returned a little before one, and this box of segars was gone - I had left them safe when I went out - I found them at Bow-street, and knew them to be mine.


                  WILLIAM 
                  RICE
               



            . I was coming up Great St. Andrew-street on the 17th of November; I saw the prisoner and another man opposite Biggs' shop, looking in at the window; I watched them, and saw the prisoner go in - he came out in a minute, and joined the other; he had nothing then - the other then went in, came out, and went in a second time - I saw him give a box of segars to the prisoner - I ran and spoke to a Policeman - we run in pursuit of them; the prisoner turned up a gateway, and I took him with the box in his possession - it had thirty-seven segars in it; I should have had the other man taken afterwards, but could not identify his face.


                  JOHN 
                  STARR
               



            . I am a Policeman. Rice gave me the information - I ran and apprehended the prisoner with the segars.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I met a young man in Holborn; he asked me to go with him; we went round Seven-dials; he asked me to go into the shop and ask for Robinson - I went and told him he did not live there; he told me to wait; he then brought these things, and told me to hold them.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
