






1682. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 23rd of June
, 1 pair of studs, value 12s.; 1 ring, value 8s.; 1 ear-ring, value 8s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s., and 1 snuff-box, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Robert 
                           Brock
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  BROCK
               



            . I am a jeweller
. On the 23rd of June I went from my house in Spencer-street, early in the morning, with the property stated in my pocket; I met the prisoner in Shadwell


 - she was alone and asked me to give her something to drink; I went into a public-house, and gave her some gin - she then forced me up a court, into the house of another girl, and took the property from me; I tried to extricate myself, but could not: she put her hand into my trousers pocket, and took out the studs and rings - she took the snuff-box from my waistcoat pocket, and the handkerchief from my coat pocket; as soon as I could see a Policeman, she ran off, and threw the handkerchief to the other girl, who ran off, but the prisoner was taken - I was drunk, but knew what I did.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CRICK
               



             (Police-constable K 255). I saw the prosecutor and the prisoner together in Shadwell, High-street for some time; the prosecutor told me he had been robbed of all his property - I asked if he wished me to take the girls; he said, "Yes, I have asked them to give up the property, and they will not:" they were walking till they saw me, and then they ran off - I saw the prisoner throw a handkerchief to another girl, who has got off.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
