





Third Middlesex Jury. before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
390. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 31st of December
, 1 coat, value 2l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Hales
                  




               
            .
JAMES HALES. I am a cheesemonger
, and live at Bethnal-green-road


. On the 31st of December, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I saw the prisoner run out of the parlour behind my shop; I do not know how he had got in; he threw this coat out to two other boy
s at the door, and went back, I suppose to get something else - I did not see the coat in his possession; I asked what he wanted; he said 1d. worth of cheese: I looked round, and saw my coat was gone, and detained him - nobody but him could have taken it; there was no one in the house, but my sister.


                  MARY 
                  ANN DRAPER
               



            . I was at the next house, and as I stood at the door, I saw a coat flung out of the prosecutor's shop; I did not see who by - two young lads picked it up, and ran away with it; they made their escape.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PEARSON
               



            . I was coming down the Bethnalgreen-road, and saw a coat thrown out at the prosecutor's door; a boy ran up, put it under his arm, put it in his apron, and went off - I went to the shop, and saw the prisoner in the shop; the prosecutor had hold of him - nobody had come out of the prosecutor's shop, for I went up to the door directly; nobody but the prisoner or prosecutor could have thrown it out.


                  HENRY 
                  WEBB
               



            . I am an officer. I took him in charge in the prosecutor's parlour.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 13. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
