






First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
364. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of December
, 1 box, value 4s.; 2 dead pheasants, value 5s.; 96 bottles, value 22s., and 5 quarts of Macassar oil, value 13l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Alexander 
                     Rowland





               
            .
ALEXANDER ROWLAND. I am a perfumer
, and live in Hatton-garden. On the 21st of December, about six o'clock in the evening, I sent my porter with a box to the wharf - it was directed to Mr. Urquart, George-street, Edinburgh; I saw it afterwards at Lambeth-street - it contained the articles stated in the indictment, which are worth 15l.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is your father alive? A. Yes - it is his business alone; his name is Alexander.


                  ASHER 
                  HOWES
               



            . I am a porter. On the 21st of December I was taking this box to Downes'-wharf, East Smithfield - a waggoner overtook me in Newgate-street, and he asked me to put it into his waggon; I did not wish, but he said I might as well, as he was going my way, and I did so - I knew him by sight; he asked me to get into the waggon, but I kept by the side of it - he turned down Mark-lane and Crutched-friars, and just before we came to John-street the box had got against the tail of the waggon, it was not very heavy - I put it further into the waggon, and in John-street


 I looked back, and the box was gone; the waggoner stopped his horses - I ran to look for it, and on Tower-hill a man directed me down Rosemary-lane: I found the prisoner in the custody of a Policeman, and another Policeman carrying the box.
Cross-examined. Q. You had been watching it, I suppose? A. I thought I kept my eyes on the waggon - I was by the fore wheel; I lost it in two minutes - it could not have fallen out, as the tail was chained up; it must have been taken over the tail.


                  DANIEL 
                  MOONEY
               



            . I am a porter in the City. I was in John-street, and saw the prisoner lean over the waggon, and pull out this white deal box - he brought it from the middle of the road, and rested it on the curb; the waggon was going on - I saw two men at the corner of Cooper's-row; they told me to watch him while they fetched a Policeman - he turned up Gould-square; the box was on his shoulder; there was no thoroughfare, and he turned back along Cooper's-row, into George-street, and by that time I heard the Policeman halloo Stop thief! he then dropped the box, and ran away - I took care of the box: Howes claimed it.
Cross-examined. Q. You did not lose sight of the person? A. Not till he dropped the box, and then the Policeman kept him in sight; he walked with it - it was not my place to lay hold of him; I am only a lad - I was never in trouble; the waggoner was on the other side of the waggon - if I had gone to give information I should have lost the prisoner.


                  JOHN 
                  CRIDDLE
               



            . I am a Policeman. I first saw the prisoner in George-street, Tower-hill: he had the box on his shoulder - I called Stop thief! and he immediately dropped it; I pursued, and did not lose sight of him at all- I took him ten or twelve yards further on, in George-street - he had fallen down when I came up.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you see any body else in the street? A. No; I cannot say there was nobody: I did not stop to look at the box, but pursued him - I caught a glimpse of the box as it fell; my eyes were not off the prisoner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 26. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
