




355. 




JAMES FLETCHER
. was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
11th of December, 125 yards of linen cloth, value 12l. 9s.; 3 shawls, valued 4l. 10s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 13s.; 1 veil, value 14s.; 6 1/2 yards of lawn, value 12s.; and 1 canvass bag, value 3s.; the goods of 



John Williams and another, his masters: and 





HENRY MAY



., for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.—2nd COUNT., for feloniously receiving the same of an evil disposed person.






LLEWELLYN PARRY
. I am shopman to John Williams and Joseph Sowerby, living in Oxford-street. Fletcher was in their employ—on the 11th of December I missed this property—I charged Fletcher with taking them, he said he had stolen the goods—I only named two shawls—I accompanied the officer to May's lodgings, and found three pieces of linen, three shawls, and one piece of lawn—they were found under the sofa—May was present—Mace the officer took me there—Fletcher told me something to induce me to go—May said Fletcher left the goods there, and Fletcher said he would take any quantity at the same price.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Who does the firm consist of? A. John Williams and Joseph Sowerby—there are no other partners—I am the eldest there—I have not the control over the rest—we are all paid by the year—Fletcher is quite a youth—I suppose about twenty-one or twenty-two—he had been there eleven months—he made a full statement.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you say one word before the magistrate that May said he would take any quantity at the same price? A. Fletcher said that May would take any quantity at the same price.





RICHARD GODWIN MACE
. I received charge of Fletcher on the 11th of December—on the road I asked him how he came to rob his employers, he said he should never have thought to do so but through May, who tempted him to rob his employers—I got a search warrant, went to May's lodgings in Long-acre, and under the sofa I found these things, except two pieces of Irish, and a piece of lawn, which were in another part—May said part of them he took from Fletcher, and part he fetched from Mr. Williams's shop by Fletcher's desire—I found two more pieces of Irish, at a pawnbroker's—May is a journeyman shoemaker.





JOHN TICKNOR
. I live at a pawnbroker's. I took in these two pieces of Irish of a female, whom I have understood for years to be May's wife—May has never stated that she was his wife—he has been there with her—she pawned in the name of May, in his presence.
(John Godwin, Ashley-street, St. Pancras; Albon Fisher, grocer and cheesemonger, Camberwell;—Leslie, Stanhope-street, Clare-market,

and John Rees, traveller, Upper Berkeley-street, gave the prisoner Fletcher a good character. John Geary, bootmaker, of Chandos-street; John M'Guines, egg-merchant, of Brook-street; Francis Cubley, boot and shoemaker, Well-street, Drury-lane; and—Kennis, boot-maker, Lowther-arcade, Strand, gave the prisoner May a good character.)

FLETCHER—



GUILTY. Aged 18.—Recommended to mercy by the Jury.






Confined Six Months.

MAY—


GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
