





1655. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     NEWTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of September
, 7 cloths, value 2s.; 7 curtains, value 3s.; 2 sheets, value 3s.; 1 petticoat, value 6d.; 3 pillow-cases, value 3s.; 3 aprons, value 1s. 6d.; 7 stockings, value 5s.; 3 night-caps, value 1s.; the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Hudson
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 petticoat, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Sarah 
                           Key
                        



.


                  JAMES 
                  TURNER
               



            . I am a general-dealer, and live in Whitecross-street. On the 30th of September, the prisoner came into my shop with a bundle, and said, "Will you buy this?" - I opened it, and saw these things - I said, "Where did you get these?" - he said, "I picked it up in White Conduit-fields" - I took it and the prisoner to the station-house - the things were wet - it was about nine o'clock in the morning.


                  SARAH 
                  KEY
               



            . I am servant
 to Mr. John Hudson, No. 16, Lower-road, Islington


. He is a brewer
 - I have examined these things - this petticoat is mine - the rest are my master's - I had washed them myself, and hung them on the line, on the afternoon of the 29th of September - I missed them the next morning at six o'clock - it is not far from White Conduit-fields - there was a footmark from where the prisoner lives, across to our garden to where these things were.


                  FRANCIS 
                  BROWN
               



             (police-serjeant G 10). On the 30th of September, the prisoner came to the station-house withTurner - he said he found these in White Conduit-fields, about twenty minutes past six - he then said, "Twenty minutes past five."
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to work for Mr. Johnson - I saw some things tied up in a black apron - I took them up and offered them for sale; but I had worked till breakfast time in Bagnigge Wells-road.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 41. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
