





Before Mr. Baron Vaughan.
54. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     SIMPSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of November
, 29 handkerchiefs, value 6l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           English
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  LADD
               



            . I live with Mr. English, a hosier
 in the Strand


. On the 30th of November, about half past eight o'clock in the morning, I was taking down the shop shutters, and saw the prisoner go into the shop alone - I was outside; he went to the counter, lifted up the flap, and pulled the inner sash of the window back; I saw him stoop into the window, take up these silk handkerchiefs, and put them into his hat - he had fifteen or eighteen of them; they are India silk - he put his hat on and stepped back on the stool, then went back again into the window and took more; what he could not put into his hat he put between his coat and waistcoat - he came out at the shop door, and there I caught hold of him, called for assistance, and he was detained; twenty-nine handkerchiefs were found on him - I know them to be master's - he had about fifteen in his hat; he said nothing.


                  FRANCIS 
                  ATKINS
               



            . I was outside Mr. Lee's shop, two doors from the prosecutor's; Ladd collared the prisoner, and called me - I ran, took the handkerchiefs from the prisoner, and gave them to the Policeman.


                  JOHN 
                  WILLIS
               



            . I am a Policeman. I took the prisoner in charge with these handkerchiefs, which have been in my possession ever since; I searched the prisoner at the station and found only 6d. on him.
GEORGE LADD. I delivered the handkerchiefs to Willis; we sell them at 5s. and 4s. 6d. each - they certainly cost 4s. each, one with another; we should sell none of them under 4s. 6d.
JURY. Q. Look at this one? A. That is 2s. 6d.; here is one at 3s. 6d.
Prisoner's Defence. If he saw me go into the shop, why not come in and ask what I wanted? I was there full five minutes; I did not get over the counter - the flap was open, and there was no stool.




               GUILTY (of stealing, to the value of 99s. only
            .) Aged 21.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
