






1989. 




WILLIAM CHAPMAN,



 WILLIAM WORTHY,



 JOHN BRIGGS
, and 




WILLIAM MORRIS
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
29th of July, 4 vinagarettes, value 3l. 10s., the goods 




William Sulman.






MARY WARE
. I am twelve years of age. Between four and five o'clock, on the 29th of July, I was at Greenwich, and saw the four prisoners sitting on the ground, near Dr. Barne's house—they were in different dresses—two of them were looking in at the prosecutor's shop-window, they had aprons on—I cannot tell which two they were—I saw those two go into the shop—they came out, and walked very quickly to the two boys that

were sitting down, then put out their hands, and run away, and the other two boys after them.

Chapman. I and Worthy were sitting near the box—we all had aprons on.

Morris. I was sitting by the park-gate, I had not got in—I had an apron on, but it was tucked round me.





JOHN SULMAN
. I am shopman to my brother, William Sulman. a toy-dealer in Stockwell-street, Greenwich—I left the shop that afternoon for a little while—I had information and ran out—I saw these four boys in the middle of the Circus—one of them, Morris, ran away—as he ran he threw something shiney away—we lost four vingarettes, worth 8l. 10s. from our shop—it was thrown opposite Mr. Anderson's house—I thought it was in the shrubbery—I took Morris and Briggs to a policeman—I followed Chapman and Worthy, and caught them in George-street—I gave them to a policeman.





ROBERT DUNN
 (police-sergeant R 9.) I was called for by Mr. Sulman, who had Briggs and Morris—I searched the meadow, near the wall of Mr. Anderson's, and found this vinagarette—I took the prisoners to the station-house; and while I was searching Chapman, I heard Sergeant Collins say, "What is that?"—I looked round, and saw Collins take up some vinagarettes from Briggs's feet.





WILLIAM COLLINS
 (police-sergeant R18.) I heard something fall—I saw one vinagarette fall on the ground, and these other two then dropped from Briggs.

Briggs. I know nothing at all about them.

CHAPMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 14.

WORTHY—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.

BRIGGS—


GUILTY
. Aged 12.

MORRIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 12.






Transported for Seven Years.
