



1234. 




ANN MACK
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of April, 16 sixpences, and 2 pence, the monies of 



John Grady, from the person of 



Harriet Grady; and that she had been before convicted of felony.






HARRIET GRADY
. I am the wife of John Grady, we live in Church-lane, Whitechapel—my husband is on the stage. On the 28th of April, about eight o'clock, I was in High-street, Whitechapel—something was said to me, and in consequence of that I followed the prisoner to the corner of George-yard, where she went into a public-house with another girl—the prisoner came out by herself, and turned up George-yard—I followed her and said, "I want to speak to you, my dear"—she said, "I can't stay"—I said, "You must, you have robbed me"—she directly ran away—I called "Stop thief"—I had spoken to her in consequence of something that was said to me by a little boy, and I felt in my pocket, and missed 8s. 8 1/2 d. in sixpences—I am quite sure I had that in my pocket.





WILLIAM WALKER
. I am thirteen years old, and live with my sister in Goulston-street, Whitechapel. On this Saturday night I spoke to this lady—I saw the prisoner lift up this lady's gown, and put her hand into her pocket, and take some money out—there was another girl with the prisoner, and she

said to that other girl, "Here, take this, and I will go and get some more"—the prisoner then followed the lady to a butcher's shop, and then she lifted up her gown again, and took some more money—they then went into a public-house, at the corner of George-yard, and then the prisoner came out, and went up George-yard—I told the lady what I saw—Meadows was with me, and saw what I did.





THOMAS MEADOWS
. I am going on for nine years old. I was with Walker, and saw the prisoner lift up the lady's gown, and take out a penny piece, and three halfpence—I could see the money, because the prisoner gave it to the other one—the prisoner then followed the lady to the butcher's shop, and took some silver out of her pocket—I do not know what she did with that—she then went across the road, and into a public-house, at the corner of George-yard—the other woman went in with her—the prisoner then came out alone—Mrs. Grady spoke to her, and the prisoner said, "I can't stay"—Mrs. Grady said, "You must stay"—the prisoner then ran away, and Mrs. Grady called out, "Stop thief"—the prisoner was running when the policeman stopped her.





WILLIAM THOMAS SEXTON
 (police-constable H 50.) I saw the prisoner running up George-yard—I stood in a dark place till she came opposite me—I then stepped out—she stopped and said, "Oh Lord"—I took her, and the prosecutrix charged her with robbing her—she denied it—I took her to the station-house—she was searched, but nothing found on her—I went to the public-house, but the other woman was gone.

Prisoner's Defence. I know they put these boys up to what they were to say—I might have been near the woman, but I never touched the money—they gave the boys 2d. a piece, and told them what to say.





HARRIET GRADY
 (re-examined.) No such thing—I did not.





GEORGE TEAKLE
 (police-sergeant H 8.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person.




GUILTY
.* Aged 17.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
