



2021. 




WILLIAM DANIEL
 was again indicted

 for feloniously forging and uttering a request for the delivery of 4 pairs of stockings, and 2 pairs of gloves, with intent to defraud 



Henry Floyd.






HENRY HARPER
. I live with Mr. Henry Floyd, a hosier, in Bishops gate-within. On Tuesday evening, the 2nd of July, the prisoner came to the shop, between eight and nine o'clock, and produced this note—I looked oat the goods, amounting to 2l. 5s. 6d., and he went off with them—shortly after I went to Dixat and Co., Bishopsgate-street, to inquire if it was all right—I afterwards overtook the prisoner in Houndsditch, with the goods in his hand, and the bill I gave him with them—I secured him—(note read)—To Mr. Floyd. Mrs. Dixat will thank Mr. Floyd to send by bearer four pairs of black stockings, large size; two pairs of kid gloves, large size, ladies'; and a bill with them. Mrs. Dixat will send the amount by her servant. Bishopsgate-street."—I believed at the time he was a clerk in the house, and I said, "You have had a death in the family"—he said "Yes, Miss Watson, Mr. Dixat's cousin"—at the bottom of the note was a desire to send the price of white silk stockings, and that excited my suspicion, the family being in mourning.

Prisoner. Q. What time elapsed between my leaving your shop and your taking me? A. About bout seven minutes.





ALEXANDER JAMES DIXAT
. I have a counting-house at No. 13, Bishopsgate-without—I live at Clapham-common. This note is not the hand-writing of Mrs. Dixat—I do not know the hand-writing.

Prisoner. Q. What relation is Mrs. John Dixat? A. My sister-in-law—Mr. Watkins, a respectable banker at Daventry, had three wives, and the last was Miss Plummer, and she is sister to Mrs. Daniel, your mother—I recollect seeing you once before—Mrs. John Dixat is living now near Bagshot—this note does not purport to come from her.

Prisoner. I submit that there is not sufficient proof that the document before the Court is not genuine—if Mrs. Dixat is in good health, or living, she ought to have been here to speak to the facts—having proved her connexion with my family, and having been in the habit of being at her house years ago, How can Mr. Dixat speak as to the hand-writing or wishes of any part of his family?—if it would hurt her feelings to come here she ought to consider a man's liberty.





HENRY HARPER

re-examined. I applied to Mr. Dixat, Bishopsgate-street—the note purports to be signed Mrs. Dixat, Bishopsgate-street—I said to the prisoner, "Which Mrs. Dixat?" and he said, "Mrs. Alphonso Dixat."

MR. DIXAT
re-examined. There is a Mrs. Alphonso Dixat, but she is in Switzerland, and has been so nearly two months—she was not in Bishopsgate-street—they resided there many years, but not for the last year and a half.




GUILTY
. Aged 42.—


Transported for Seven Years.
