



62. 




MATILDA HARRIS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of October, 1 gown, value 3s., 1 petticoat, value 3s.; and 2 shifts, value 4s.; the goods of 



Charles Tennant Olivier: and 1 coat, value 8s., the goods of 



William Grenville Olivier, her master.






WILLIAM GRENVILLE OLIVIER
. I keep a school in New Compton-street, Soho. The prisoner was my servant of all work—on Friday, the 28th of October, she left about seven o'clock in the evening, without her wages, or any notice—when she was gone I missed my great coat, which I saw hanging, in the kitchen at five o'clock—I went and examined my bureau, and missed some money—I cannot tell how much—it was kept unlocked—this is my coat—I do not know of any man visiting the prisoner.





BRIDGET CECILIA OLIVIER
. I am the wife of Charles Tennant Oliver, the prosecutor's cousin, with whom I live. On the 29th October I missed a Merino dress, two shifts, and a flannel petticoat, which I had seen a day or two previously in my box—it was not locked.





FREDERICK JOHN JOHNSON
 (police-constable N 50.) On Wednesday, the 9th of November, I apprehended the prisoner in a house in the Almonry, Westminster—a man named Noble was with her—the door was fastened, and the light was out when they came to the door—Noble was in his trowsers—I found the prisoner in the coal-cupboard in the room—I brought them both to the station-house, and found the gown on the prisoner—I returned to the room, and found a duplicate of a gown in the table drawer—the man said, "I suppose this will be all over the water with us"—she said, "Perhaps it will; but never mind, old boy."

Prisoner. It is false; I said nothing about over the water.






THOMAS PRICE JONES
. I am a pawnbroker, and live in Tothill-street, Westminster—I produce a petticoat and shift, which were pawned on the 1st of November, for 3s. 6d., in the name of Ann Spencer, No. 18, Douglas-street—I do not know who by—it was not the prisoner—this is the duplicate I gave.





WILLIAM STUBBING
. I am shopman to Mr. Harding, a pawnbroker, in York-street, Westminster. I produce a great coat, which was pawned, to the best of my belief, by the prisoner, for 8s., in the name of Matilda Harris—she came afterwards for a declaration, saying she had lost the ticket, and she described the coat to me—I gave her a declaration—the coat was transferred to the name of Samuel Gough, and a new ticket was given to Gough in his own name—the declaration was produced by Noble.





SAMUEL GOUGH
. I am blacksmith, and live in Little Tothill-street. I went to the pawnbroker's with Noble, and got the ticket transferred to me—I paid the interest on it—I afterwards delivered it to the officer.
(Properly produced and sworn to.)
(William Hill, of White Lion-street, Seven Dials, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY. Aged 18.—Recommended to mercy.
—


Transported for Seven Years.
