




1112. 




GEORGE WHEELER
 and 




WILLIAM DAVIS
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
6th of April, 1 handkerchief, value 4s., the goods of 



George Thomas Street, from his person.






GEORGE THOMAS STREET
. I am a butcher, and was at Greenwich. I lost my pocket-handkerchief but cannot tell how—it was red and yellow silk, and was in my coat pocket—I did not see the prisoners near me—I first saw them about five yards from me—the officer told me what had passed, and took them.





JOHN ARCHER
 (police-constable G 150.) I saw the prisoners at a quarter past six o'clock in Greenwich Fair—they were in company—they tried several gentleman's pockets—I kept watching them for three quarters of an hear they continued in company—at last I saw Davis go and try Mr. Street's pocket—Wheeler was a short distance from his—he went and

spoke to him—they went up to the prosecutor, and wheeler draw the handkerchief out of his pocket with his right hand—just as I was going to seize the handkerchief there came a rush—I tapped Mr. Street on the shoulder, and told him to come with me—it was a dark handkerchief—I could not say what colour it was, it was thrown into the mob, or green to some third person.

Davis. Q. What distance were you when it was taken? A. It might be two yards—it was a little before seven o'clock—I could see that at two yards distance—there were a great many illumination lamps—it was in front of Richardson's booth.

COURT. Q. Was there a great crowd? A. Yes; there might be, perhaps a thousand people, but I kept an opening—two or three gentleman knew I was watching them, and they kept a space for me.

Wheeler. The officer found nothing on me.

Davis. I went to the Fair, and stood, like other persons, to see the people at Richardson's show—I had not got half a yard, before the policeman took me, and said, "You have got something of this man's"—I said I had not, and he examined my bosom, my bat and all.

WHEELER—


GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Seven Years.

DAVIS—


GUILTY
. Aged 30.—



Confined for Three Months.

Second Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
