



1222. 




GEORGE THOMPSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of May, 2 coats, value 3l. 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 4s.; 1 pair of trowsers, value 4s.; 1 shirt, value 3s.; 1 flannel shirt, value 4s.; 2 pair of socks, value 1s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 7s.; 2 brushes, value 7s.; 1 knife, value 2s.; and 1 carpet-bug, value 2s.; the goods of 



Peter Barnett.






JAMES SULLIVAN
 (police-constable T 136.) On the 9th of May, I was on duty near Hammersmith—about half-past twelve or one o'clock in the day, the prisoner went through the toll-gate—I had information that all was not right, and I stopped him—he was alone, and had nothing with him—the witness told me to detain a truck which was about five yards from the prisoner, and was drawn by two little fellows—I did not see the prisoner do any thing to the truck—it contained the property now produced.





GEORGE SLATER
. I live at Hammersmith with my parents. Mr. Freeman lives in Argyle-cottage—I saw the prisoner go up there with a bundle of wood under his arm—he came back again with another bundle—I told the policeman that I suspected he had been stealing them—I saw two other boys

—I saw the prisoner go near to Mr. Freeman's, and he then went into the house—he stayed there about five minutes, and then came out, and he went away with the truck—the other two boys drew the truck—the prisoner was on the pavement.





PETER BARNETT
. I live in the Isle of Wight. I came to Hammersmith, and left my bag, containing my suit of clothes, my great-coat, and other things mentioned, at Mr. Thompson's, at Chiswick—on Saturday morning I went out and returned about six o'clock, and my carpet-bag and-great coat had been stolen—I gave information, and they were afterwards found—these are my property—they were all in this carpet-bag, except the coat.

JURY
to
G. SLATER. Q. Had you seen the prisoner with one bundle? A. Yes; and then he came down again with two bundles, and put them into the truck—I am positive of that.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
