





1467. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  JONES
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of July
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        John Robert 
                        Hall
                     




                  , from his person
            .
THOMAS THORPE. I am an officer. I took the prisoner on the 6th of July, and he immediately dropped this handkerchief out of his breast, and threw it down - he had been running from a cry of Stop thief! a byestander took up the handkerchief, and gave it to me; the prosecutor charged the prisoner with stealing it, and said his name was 
               
                  John 
                  Robert Hall
               



            ; the prisoner said he knew nothing of it - we tussled about ten minutes; no one came to my assistance - he was very desperate: it happened about half-past six o'clock in the evening, at the end of Spring-gardens


.
FRANCES SYMONDS. I saw the prisoner take the handkerchief from the gentleman's pocket last Tuesday evening; I heard the gentleman's name, but I do not remember it - the prisoner put it into his left breast, and ran; I was close by, and said to the gentleman,
"Have you lost any thing?" he said, "Yes, my handkerchief;" I said,"This young man has it;" I am sure he is the man that took it - I saw the officer take him.
Prisoner. You said there were three or four more. -Witness. Yes, there were; I saw you take it out with your right hand, and hold up the flap of the coat with your left - you ran across the street.
Prisoner's Defence. I had been into the Park, and was coming down Spring-gardens; the gentleman accused me of picking his pocket - I said I had not, and that officer came and took me - he was not in his uniform, and used me very shamefully; I said I would not go till a Policeman came up.
THOMAS THORPE. He was very violent - it took seven of us to take him to the watch-house.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
