




2368. 




JOHN WILDS
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
18th of October, 1 cigar case, value 3d.; 5 half-crowns; 11 shillings; and 7 sixpences; the goods and monies of 



Samuel Taverner, from his person.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






SAMUEL TAVERNER
. On Wednesday, the 17th of October, I was in the neighbourhood of Whitechapel—I had purchased some meat and two or three things—I was tripped up or knocked down, I cannot tell which—I became senseless—I had a cigar case in my pocket, containing 1l. 11s. in silver—I found myself at home when I recovered—I then had no cigar nor money.





WILLIAM BARKER
. I was in the employ of Mr. Clark, a butcher—I live in Chapel-place with my father, who is a shoemaker. On the 17th of October I was passing Field-court, and saw the prosecutor on the ground—I saw the prisoner put his hand into his pocket, and take out a case—it appeared to be white and long—I saw him put it into his own pocket—he asked me to give him a lift up with him—I did help him up, and led him home to his house, and then the prisoner hallooed out, "Stop a minute"—I did so, and the prisoner came down—we came on a little way, and he pulled 3s. out of the case, gave me 1s., and told me I was not to say any thing, and up with his fist, meaning that if I did he would kill me—I went about my business—we tossed who was to have the middle shilling—I afterwards went to Smithfield for some straw—I told this the next morning to the prosecutor's wife, and the prisoner was taken up.





JON MORLSY
. I am a police-constable. I apprehended the prisoner, and asked if his name was Wilds—he said it was not—that was the answer he made—he said that I was mistaken in the man—I took him into custody—he had been described to me by the prosecutor before I took him—I asked him what he had done with the money—he denied that he had taken any.

Prisoner. I know nothing about the money.




GUILTY
. † Aged 21.—


Transported for Ten Years.

Sixth Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin,
