



1766. 




ANN CHESTER
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
31st of July, 1 watch, value 2l.; 1 ribbon, value 1s.; and 1 watch-key, value 2s.; the goods of 




John Perkins, from his person.







JOHN PERKINS
. I am a journeyman cooper, and live in New North-street, Theobalds-road. On the 30th of July, I had been to an annual dinner, and was going to see a mate part of the way home, who lived in the New-cut, Blackfriars-road—on my return back, coming up Bridge-street, I turned up Bride-lane, and the prisoner accosted me, wishing me to go with her—I gave her no encourgement whatever to think that I would go with her, and on coming to the passage in Fleet-street, I parted with her—she went round the church—I turned into Fleet-street—on looking at the clock, I felt for my watch, and found it was gone—I pursued her down the passage—I saw a watchman, and asked if he had seen a woman run that way—he said he had seen two—he sprang his rattle, and on crossing Fleet-street to go the Shoe-lane, the prisoner was brought back; and on going to the station-house the watch was found in her hand, as if she was going to drop it—I took it out of her hand, and kept it till we got to the station-house, and delivered it into the constable's hands.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was any body present when you took the watch out of her hands? A. The watchman saw me take it from her—the annual dinner was at Messrs. Day and Martin's firm—I work in the concern as a cooper—the dinner was over between two and three o'clock in the afternoon—I was not drunk—I was a little fresh—I was on my way home—I was not so far gone but I had my recollection about me—I had been to see a mate who was worse than myself part of the way home, I had walked from Chalk-farm to see my mate home—I could not be very drunk to do that—I did nothing to the prisoner—she laid hold of me by the arm, pressing me to go with her—I was not with her two minutes altogether—I saw no other woman, but the watchman said he saw two women pass that way—I took no indecent liberties with the prisoner—I am married—my friend is a young man, who, when he is in liquor, is in the habit of sitting down on the steps in the street, and, as he had got a tidy hat on, and was genteely dressed he was likely to lose his things in the street, and I went to see him part of the way home.





SAMUEL SMITHBONE
. I am a watchman of St. Brides, I stopped the prisoner in Shoe-lane, running away from the prosecutor—another watchman was going after her calling to me to stop her—I was conveying her down to the station house—she endeavoured with her right hand to take the watch out of her bosom, and I saw the prosecutor take it out of her hand
(Property produced and sworn to)




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Seven Years.
