





1617. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously forging, on the 16th of June
, a request for delivery of goods
            .
SECOND COUNT, for feloniously uttering the same.


                  JOHN 
                  CONNERY
               



            . I am in the service of 
               
                  
                     Joseph Samuel 
                     Lischer
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     William Joseph 
                     Lischer
                  



               
            ; they live in Thomas-street


, Whitechapel, and are starch maker

s. On the 16th of June, the prisoner, whom I had not seen before, came to the counting-house, and brought me this order; Mr. Jones has been a customer of our's for some years, but I did not know Mr. Ward - I suspected it was not right, and I asked the prisoner if he would take a bill then, or whether I should send it with the rest of the goods on Monday - he said I might do as I liked, but he thought I had better send it on Monday; I then said very well, and called a man to weigh the starch, but motioned for him to shut the door; I then turned to the prisoner, and said, "Where did you get this order?" he said from Mr. Jones - I asked him if he knew Mr. Noyes, and some other persons, in whose name I knew he had got some things - he said "You seem to know all about it:" I said "I know more than you wish; I will send for Mr. Jones" - he said "You need not;" I said "Yes, I will, for my own satisfaction;" he then said "I did not get it from Mr. Jones, but from a person I do not know." - (Order read.)
16th June, 1832.
Gentlemen - Please to let the bearer have seven papers of starch, and send 3 cwt. in on Monday or Tuesday, for 
               
                  Edward 
                  Jones
               



            . W. WARD.
3, Raven-row.


                  EDWARD 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a grocer, and a customer of the prosecutor's. I have no person in my employ of the name of Ward - this is not my writing, nor was such an order given by me.
Prisoner. Q. Do you authorize any persons to write orders for you? A. We very seldom send orders in writing, but send the clerk.

Prisoner's Defence. I have been made the dupe of a party I cannot find, and must throw myself on the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
