



985. 




SHADRACH CAVE
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
2nd of March, 51 yards of ribbon, value 17s.; 120 yards of net, value 20s., 15 yards of cambric, value 15s. 9d.; 24 handkerchiefs, value 9s. 10d.; 14 shawls, value 5l. 3s.; 2lbs. weight of sewing-cotton, value 4s.; 720 yards of wire-ribbon, value 8s.; 288 stay-laces, value 18s.; 220 pieces of tape, value 19s.; 61bs. weight of worsted, value 14s.; 2 pieces of buckram, value 9s.; and 121bs. weight of sewing-silk, value 13s.; the goods of 



Samuel Williams and another.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



Alexander Thwaites.






SAMUEL WILLIAMS
. I am proprietor of the Reading stage-coach, jointly with my father. I knew nothing of this parcel till I recovered it it Colnbrook—it was a brown paper parcel—I found it in a sack on Saturday, the 4th of March—Richard Bates, the landlord of the Wheel, showed it me—it contained all the articles stated in the indictment—Colnbrook is not the usual road to Reading—it is one road, but is between four and five miles from the road my coach generally goes—I have seen the prisoner on the road, but I do not know him—I have the way-bill here—these goods were directed to Mr. Alexander Thwaites, of Reading, and it was to be carried by my coach to Reading—it is entered, "Thwaites, P. P., "meaning paper parcel, and there is "not come" written against it.





SIMEON MILES
. I am porter to Messrs. Coster and Co. On the 2nd of March I took a parcel of theirs to the Black Lion, Water-lane—I booked it, and paid 2d. for it—it was directed to Mr. Thwaites, of Reading, to go by Mr. Williams's Reading coach—this is it.





JOSIAH DENNIS
. I am employed by Coster and Co., to enter the goods that are sold—I directed this parcel, but did not make it up—I have seen a portion of the contents, which have our private mark on them—I have no doubt that these were the goods sent from our warehouse.





CHARLES BARTLETT
. I am porter at the Black Lion. I remember taking the parcel from the man's shoulder—I placed it on the Reading coach, and strapped it on, on Thursday, the 2nd of March.





WILLIAM KEEVIL
. I am Mr. George's wagoner, at Reading. On the 3rd of March I was coming from Reading to London—I stopped at a public-house at Twyford, about thirty-four miles from London—we prisoner came to the wagon and brought this sack, he put it on the tail of my wagon, then he got on the tail, and put it into the wagon, and got down again—I got up my articles, and then started—he got up and went on about six miles, then he left the wagon, and went after a coach that was coming to London—he got on the top of the coach to ride, and he left the sack with me—I suspected he had something there that he ought not to have—I untied it, and found this parcel of things, and a letter directed to Mr. Thwaites, of Reading—I put it all into the sack again, and tied it up—I came on to Slough, and the prisoner came to me again, and asked if I would get up and ride—I said I did not care about riding—he said he would drive if I would get up—I got up and shot the parcel into the wagon, and shut it up—I then got down, and asked him where he was going to take the sack to—he said, "To London—I said, "I do not think you arc now"—he said, "Why?"—I said,

"think you have got something there that don't belong to you"—I asked where he got it from—he would not tell me—he walked with me till within about a mile of Coin brook, and then he left me, and ran after another coach—when I got on farther I stopped, and put the sack into Mr. Bates's care—I am sure the prisoner is the same person.





RICHARD BATES
. I live at Colnbrook. Keevil brought me the sack, and I locked it up, and delivered the same to Mr. Williams.





WILLIAM DILLON
. I am a coachman. I was driving Williams's Reading coach on Thursday, the 2nd of March—I never saw this parcel—in the way-bill there is a paper parcel entered for Mr. Thwaites, of Reading—that parcel did not arrive—there was a man by the coach, but I do not know him—I drove the coach—at Egham a man asked the horsekeeper for a ride—I let him ride—he rode from there to Oakingham—he gave me nothing, nor the horsekeeper—he said he brought a horse to Reading for my employer—I did not speak to him—I do not know whether it was the prisoner—it might be—he sat on the hind part of the coach.





WILLIAM HGWLETT
 (police-constable F 151.) I apprehended the prisoner in King William-street on a former charge.





THOMAS HAWKINS
. I am guard to Mr. George's wagon. On the 2nd of March I saw Mr. Williams's coach at Hammersmith—I was walking along the side of the horses, and saw the prisoner sitting on the coach, behind.

Prisoner. I came home at a quarter before eight o'clock, and saw the parcel in the road—I put it into the sack, and brought it up to Colnbrook, where I left it till I could hear of it.




GUILTY
. Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
