



1583. 




JEREMIAH HURLEY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
28th of May, 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 10 sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, and 8 shillings; the goods and monies of 



Robert Chambers, from his person.


MR. MAHON
conducted the Prosecution.





ROBERT CHAMBERS
. I am a Trinity House pilot, and live at St. Mawes, in Cornwall. On the 27th of May, I came up with a ship from the Downs—I brought it to St. Katharine's Docks, and on the 284h I received 10l. 10s. in gold at the bank—I changed the half-sovereign, and put the ten sovereigns in my handkerchief which was round my neck—I had some silver in my trowsers pocket—I lost my passage home by the steamer that day, and crossed over to Tooley-street to inquire for the Portsmouth van—I saw the prisoner on the road—he heard me inquire for the van, and he said, "I can show you where the van goes from"—he took me to the White Hart Inn—I did not go in; I laid my head aganist my hand, and stood talking to the ostler, while the prisoner went in—he came out again, and said there was no van going from there—I then asked him if I could have a bed there—he went in and said there was no bed to be had there—he then said, "Come along with me"—he took me by the elbow, and said, "I will show you where you can get a bed"—he took me to a small public-house in Fishmonger-alley—I had a glass of gin and water, and I gave him a pot of beer—I cannot say whether the gin and water was brought from the bar; but it was put on the table—the prisoner sat on my right side—I partook of the beer, and drank some of the gin and water—I then found I was going as fast as I could go, like a man going to die—I was as stupid as if I had drank twenty glasses of grog—I fell into a stupor, and I laid my head down—the prisoner was by my tide, close to me—there were two or three persons came in, but they said nothing to me—I am certain I had my money safe when I went there; the sovereigns were in my handkerchief—I paid my reckoning there from my pocket—I continued in that sleep for three-quarters of an hour, but I fell on the floor—I was awoke by the landlord and the policeman—the landlord said, "This man had money, but he has no money now to pay for a bed"—I said, "What! no money?"—I clapped my hand to my neck, and missed my handkerchief and money—I am sure the prisoner is the man who was with me; he was dressed shabbily.

Prisoner. Q. Did 1 show you where there were any places to go to? Witness. Did not you take me to the White Hart?—I have got a witness here to prove you went with me—there were no other persons near me but you—I was sober.





JOHN NYLETT
. I was servant at the White Hart Inn. I remember, on the evening of the 28th of May, the last witness came and asked me

where the Portsmouth van went from—the prisoner came in with him—he spoke to me directly after.

Prisoner. Q. Where did you see me? A. When I stood at the gateway, you came up the yard—it was about seven o'clock.





ELLEN MAHONEY
. I live in Gold-court, Tooley-street. My husband is a a labourer—the prisoner came to lodge with me three weeks ago—I do not know the day—he was not at home the next day, but he came the morning afterwards, and said, how much did he owe me—I told him—he paid me, and said he would treat me with a glass of brandy—he said he had picked up ten or eleven sovereigns the night before—he said they were in a handkerchief—my girl asked him where the handkerchief was—he said he had thrown it away—he chucked me 3l. 10s., and said he was going to have a row with a young man—he had been rather shabby in his dress before that—he had been accustomed to sell needles and books for his living—I saw some papers with him, but I do not know what they were—he went and had a row with Sullivan—Sullivan then came with him into my place—the prisoner had a new jacket, waistcoat, hat, shirt, and trowsers—he dressed himself in them, and went out to buy a watch—I saw four sovereigns in his possession that morning—it was after he bought the clothes and the watch that he gave me the 3l. 10s.

Prisoner. Q. Did I tell you it was in a handkerchief that I found this money? A. Yes—there was nobody but my children in my house with me.





THOMAS SULLIVAN
. I belong to the City of Glasgow steam-boat, and lodge with Mahoney. I saw the prisoner on the 29th of May, when I went down to wash my face—he told me he had nine sovereigns and some silver—he took the money out of his pocket, and put it out of one hand into the other—I went with him, and he bought a watch for 30s.

Prisoner. Q. How much money do you think I had? A. You told me nine sovereigns and some odd silver—I saw gold and silver.





SOLOMON GARNETT
 (police-constable M 70.) On the 29th of May I was called to a row in the court—I saw the prisoner and a number of Irishmen—the prisoner was dressed in new clothes—I never saw him so well dressed before—I took him to the station-house—this is the watch and the clothes.

Prisoner. Q. Where is the basket you took from my lodging? A. I gave it to your brother; it contained ballads and sail-needles.

Prisoner's Defence. I had been on board the Swan schooner—I then got my living by selling ballads and sail-needles—I saved between 6l. and 7l., with which I meant to buy some glass boxes, as a man told me I could sell them in the country—I said I would buy me a new suit of clothes, and go—I had then 3l. 10s., which would buy me a good stock of boxes—about an hour afterwards, there were two women having a bit of a row—one of them struck my sister—I said, "What do you hit her for? I will hit you"—if the bar-man of the public-house had been here, he would state that I was not there that day—the master came in, and found the prosecutor on the floor—there were three sailors in the house, and one asked him for a lodging; but he would not say it was me.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
