



2249. 




BENJAMIN COHEN
 was indicted

for feloniously receiving of a certain evil-disposed person, on the 
17th of October, at 
St. Leonard, Shoreditch, 2lbs. of saffron, value 21l.; 351bs. of gamboge, value 4l.; 10lbs. of isinglass, value 7l.; and 5lbs. of scammony, value 3l.; the goods of 



Charles Buchannan, well knowing them to have been stolen, against the Statue, &c.



MR. BODKIN
conducted the prosecution.






CHARLES BUCHANNAN
. I am a wholesale druggist, and live in Thames-street. John Foster was my porter for about twelve months—about eight months in my individual service, and four months previously, in the service of myself and another—I came to town to the warehouse, on Monday morning, the 19th of October, and Foster made a communication to me—I found there was an appearance of violence to the window, and some parts of my warehouse—a chest of manna had been broken in one room, and a chest of saffron was broken, and I missed a parcel of isinglass—from sixty to seventy pounds of manna had been taken; the chest was quite empty—it was worth 5s. per pound—I got the assistance of Josiah Evans, the officer, and I pointed out to him the marks of violence which my premises presented—in a subsequent part of the day I gave Foster to Maclean—l had him taken, from something said by the officer—Foster then made a statement voluntarily, without any promise on my part; and in consequence of what he said, I went to the prisoner's house, in Hackney-road, with Roe and Maclean—he carries on the business of a confectioner—Roe went in first, I followed him momentarily—Maclean entered at the same time with Foster—Cohen was at home, in the front shop—Roe called him backwards into his house, there being persons in the shop—they went into his back parlour, and we followed immediately—nothing was asked in the front shop—when we got into the back parlour, Roe had put questions to which he was apparently giving an answer—I did not hear what he said distinctly—the first question I heard Roe put, was, "Where are the goods you received this morning?"—he replied, "I will show you, "and attempted to go out of the back door, near which he was then standing—Roe refused to allow him to leave the room, and insisted upon his stating where they were—he made several attempts to induce Roe to allow him to show where they were; and finding he would not, he said, "My wife shall show you"—his wife came in almost immediately, I suppose two minutes after we entered the house; and when she came in, she said, "What are these gentlemen wanting?"—the prisoner said, "They are come about the bag that came this morning; show them where it is"—she look Roe into the yard, and he brought from a building in the yard, a bag containing manna, and a paper bag containing isinglass—I examined the bag containing manna, and have since seen it weighed—it is rather more than sixty pounds—I have no doubt but that it is of the same kind and quality as that lost from my warehouse—I had seen the same bag in my warehouse the Friday previous—whilst there, there was a man who appeared to be an acquaintance of Cohen—he asked him, "From whom did you receive those goods?" pointing to the two bags—Cohen's reply was, "That is the man"—pointing to Foster, who was in a corner of the room—it is utterly impossible to recognise the isinglass, but the bag I had seen on the Tuesday preceding.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you any partner? A. No; Foster gave me no information with respect to this, till he was taken into custody—he was not a witness before the Grand Jury—he was there ready if called—he told me before I went in what he could say, and I gave them the same account that I have given to—day—I did not give evidence before the Grand Jury, where the bill was ignored—the manna came from

James Metcalf and Co., who are druggists—I do not know whether they send out these sort of bags—it came to me empty, to be filled with certain goods—it was the first bag I received from them, and the last—I had had it three weeks, but the order was countermanded—I told the Justice that Cohen pointed to Foster, an said, "That is the man"—I do not know whether that was taken down—my evidence was read over to me to sign—I believe it was taken down—I had sent for the officer before Foster gave me any information—I had him before the Magistrates subsequently on this charge, and he was committed for trail—I sent him before the Grand Jury, because I had got information which I could support by affidavit—he had been in my employ about twelve months—he never gave the least information till he was in custody—I did not tell him if he gave evidence he should not be tried—I shall not indict him—I gave him no intimation of that—nor have I told any one else to tell him, nor given any instruction to do so—when Cohen said, "That is the man, "a man was present, I do not know his name, he stated himself to be a horse-dealer.





JOHN ROE
. I am an officer. I was called to the prosecutor's premises on the morning of the 19th, and was shown certain appearances as of breaking into the premises—they certainly did not appear as if caused by persons from without the premises—after you enter, you go along the passage, then there is a window which had been pushed out—I looked at the window-sill, and saw the dust was there, and no person had gone over it—I looked over the place, and the result was that no person had come from outside—I told Mr. Buchanan so, and then Foster was taken—he made a statement to Mr. Buchanan—I then went with them to Cohen's, in Hackney-road, about half-past four o'clock in the afternoon—I went and saw Cohen in the shop, and another person talking to him—I beckoned him to come to me in the back-room—I pointed to Foster, who was then standing in the shop with Maclean and Mr. Buchanan—I asked Cohen if he knew him—he said, "No"—I asked him if he had purchased any goods of him—he said, "No"—I said, "Where are the bags of goods brought by the porter this morning?" he said, "Let me fetch my wife, and she shall get them"—I said, "No"—he then asked me again—I said, "No"—at that moment the wife came in—he asked her to get the bag that was brought there by the porter that morning—she then took me to a back wash-house, and gave me the bag of manna, which was shown to Mr. Buchanan, and identified—I also found some isinglass in a bag, it was standing by the side of the manna—I then searched the place, but found nothing else.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Then your conversation was more directed to the wife than to the prisoner? A. It was so—I did not hear Cohen say he received them from Foster—he denied that he knew Foster, but he never denied having the goods on the premises—I had heard something about saffron—Foster made no communication to me—he has not, to my knowledge, given any account of what has become of the saffron.





JOSIAH EVANS
. I was called into Mr. Buchanan's on the morning of the 19th.—I concurred with Roe in thinking that the premises were not broken into from the outside.





JOSEPH FOSTER
. I was seventeen years old last July, I have been to Mr. Buchanan's service about twelve months—I have known the prisoner between four and five months—I was going by his shop, and I went in to buy something—I had a few pods of tamarinds in my hand at the time—he asked me whether I had got any of them to dispose of—I told him no

I had none—he asked me two or three times—I told him no, and I went out—he kept questioning me, to know whether I had any to sell—I did not tell him who I was—nothing else passed that night—I saw him again the next morning—he was standing at the door, which I had to pass in going from my house to the warehouse—he stopped me and asked if I had any to dispose of, and said he would give me a very good price—I told him I had none—he walked a little way with me, and kept questioning me—at last I took him down some—at that time he did not know where I worked—he asked me very soon after, and I told him I worked for Messrs. Buchanan and Meggeson—he said he knew some of their men very well, and asked whether I could get any things so that my master should not know—if I could get it to his house, he could get it away directly; so that no one should know about it—after this I had dealings with him often, and I received money from him a great many times—he walked with me several mornings, and asked if my master did not deal in saffron and different things—he saw me often enough to know me—on the Saturday in question some saffron, gambooge, tamarinds, and isinglass was taken from my master's warehouse, and on the Monday morning some manna was taken from the middle floor there—it was in a box—I stole it—I took, I suppose, about 50lbs.—I put it into a cloth bag, and took it to the public-house at the corner of Fish-street-hill, and asked if I could leave it there—I did not know Thomas King at that time—I saw him standing outside the public-house—I asked him if he knew Hackney-road—he said, "Yes"—I asked if he knew Mr. Cohen—he said, "No"—I gave King the bag to take to Mr. Cohen—when I asked him if he knew him, he said he did not know him, but he dare say he should find it—I told him to take it to Mr. Cohen, a little beyond the church, on the left-hand side—he then took the bag—it was about half-past eleven o'clock in the morning—that was about two hours and a quarter after I had brought it from the warehouse—I brought it out at about five minutes to nine—I had had some conversation with Cohen that morning about the manna—I saw him at his house at about eight o'clock—I asked him whether he could come and take the manna—he said, no; he could not carry so much for twenty guineas—I told him there was about a cwt.—that was what I guessed it at—I had not taken it out of the chest—one shilling a pound was to be given for it—Cohen stated that—I remember Mr. Buchanan coming to the warehouse that day—I told him of a robbery at the place—I had caused the window and rails to present that appearance, which I pointed out to Mr. Buchanan—what I told him about it was false—the officer was sent for—I was afterwards taken into custody.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Then you not only stole your master's property, but got up a sort of drama for him? A. Yes; I was never a thief till I went to this gentleman's employment, and never would have been if it had not been for the prisoner—I was very much shocked at first, but it gradually wore off—I did not turn thief before I went to Mr. Cohen's—I got the tamarinds from an empty cask in the wharf, and I was eating them as I went along—that is about four or five months ago—I went into Cohen's to buy two or three pennyworth of apples or sweet stuff—Mr. Cohen sold apples—I did buy something—I do not know what it was—no one was sleeping in the warehouse that night—I had the charge of it—I began to pull down the paling at about half-past five o'clock—I took the bars down, and the wooden palings inside the warehouse—I intented my master to believe that the house had been broken upon—the window was on the first floor, and he might think the thief had keys—I do

not know who King is, nor how he gets his living—he stood outside the door, rather better than one hundred yards off—it was about half-past eleven o'clock when I spoke to him—I had not seen him before—there was no one on the premises to help me to sham this robbery—I did it all out of my own head—Cohen did not tell me to do it, but he told me he would have a horse and cart down to take the things away—he said he could not that morning, but he would the next, but I wanted the things away—Mr. Buchanan has had me about six months—I had lived with Buchanan and Meggeson before, for about six months—I have been examined about thirteen months ago, at the Old Bailey, (about one month before I went to Buchanan and Meggeson), in the Old Court, as it was called—a young man broke into a house, and he had some money, and asked me to mind it—but I did not know he broke into the house—it was four sovereigns—his name was Smith—I had known him sometime, we were not quite pals—a pal is any one you get acquainted with, I should think—I was not to plant the four sovereigns, he asked me to mind them for him—I do not know what planting means—I do not know that it is the slang phrase for concealing them—I was not in gaol on that charge, I was taken up as a witness—I went before the Grand Jury—the bill was ignored, but they believed me—I had not been examined before—I had lived with Mr. Tully, a grocer, before I went into the prosecutor's service—I left him because he had got nothing for me to do—it was not his house that was broken, but Mr. Serjeant's, of Clapton-square—I used to go there for order of a morning—the man who broken open the house, and gave me the money to mind, was working at Mr. Serjeant's, and he asked me if I would mind that, as he was going to stop out all night—I did not ask where it came from—he came and asked me for the four sovereigns the next morning and I gave them to him—he was taken up, I believe, the next day.

Q. I suppose when you found that a robbery had been committed, you went and gave information? A. No, I did not; they asked me if I knew any thing about it—I then lived at Mr. Piddock's a quarter of a mile from Mr. Serjeant's—I felt sorry for what I had done before I was taken into custody, but not before I saw Mr. Buchanan.





THOMAS KING
. I am a porter. On Monday morning, the 19th of October, I was at the foot of London-bridge, between eleven and twelve o'clock, close to Thames-street—a young man came to me in shirt-sleeves, in a hurry, and gave me a bag to take to Hackney-road—I took it to Mr. Cohen's house, by his direction—it is a sweetmeat shop I think—I delivered it to a man in a fustian jacket in the shop—I said, "I understand this bag is for you"—he said, "Yes, did he pay you?"—I said, "Yes," and left the bag on the counter.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You would not know either of the persons again? A. I do not know that I should.

COURT
to
JOHN ROE. Q. When you went to the prosecutor's warehouse, were there wooden rails there? A. Yes; they are fixed to a partition is the first floor—they had been broken down, and a window on the staircase was out.





THOMAS BRISTOW
. I am an umbrella-maker in Church-street, Hackney. I know Cohen's shop in Hackney-road—I saw Foster go there once, about the beginning of August—I had been to London for materials, and he overtook me in Shoreditch; he said he had to call in Hackney-road—I went into the shop with him, and had one pennyworth of filberts—I came out again with Foster, and then he went in again, and I waited for him—he came out in about ten minutes, and we went on together.


Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long had you known him? A. About six years—I knew him at the time Mr. Serjeant's house was broken—I often go into Foster's house and he comes into mine—we are on friendly terms—I have no notion of going to travel with him after this trial in over, or of going to Jamaica with him—I might have said so, but in no other way than a joke—I did say so just now in Court, but to no one in particular—any one might have heard it—I did not say to Jamaica.

Q. How came you to say you did say it if you did not? A. I said I was going to Jamerica—I said it to myself—I did not say Foster was going with me—I did not mention Foster's name in conjunction with myself as being going to travel—I have got trade enough at home to keep me.

Q. Did you not say you were going to travel to Jamerica with Foster? Witness. A. Can you tell me where Jamerica is? I will not be certain whether I mentioned Foster's name in conjunction with myself or not—I did not tell you that I did not mention his name.

Q. Are you aware that you are on your oath in every answer you have given me? A. O yes, yes; I said I was going to Jamerica—I am not aware that I swore that I did not mention Foster's name.





FRANCIS MACLEAN
. I am a Police Inspector. I examined the prosecutor's premises, and then went to Cohen's—I produce the bags and property—I heard what Roe stated.





JOSEPH FOSTER
. This is the bag I delivered to King.





CHARLES BUCHANAN
. This is the bag that was in my warehouse—I know this paper, which was in the bag of isinglass.

Prisoner's Defence. On Saturday night Foster came to my house—I had not seen him before—he asked if I could buy some goods, as he had some he could send on Monday morning, and on Monday the goods came. I told him I could not say the price before I saw the articles, and told him to come on Monday, but he did not; I asked him if he got them honestly—he said he could bring me the till and receipt for them.
(Nineteen witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 36.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Fifth Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.

