



3471. 




ELEANOR GIBSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of October, 1 coat, value 15s.; 1 waistcoat, value 3s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 6s.; 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-guard, value 1s.; 1 umbrella, value 2s.; 1 pocket-book, value 2d.; 3 sovereigns, and 1 £5 Bank-note; the goods and monies of 



Joseph Parker.






JOSEPH PARKER
. I arrived in London from Hertfordshire, about six o'clock on the evening of the 10th of October, and about one o'clock in the morning of the 11th I found myself benighted, and greatly in want of a lodging—I went with a woman to get one, in Blackfriar's-road—I do not know the woman—having taken a little more than usual, I was rather overcome, and went to bed alone—I had a waistcoat and three handkerchiefs, a watch, three sovereigns, and a £5 Bank-note—when I awoke, about five o'clock in the morning, my property was all gone, and every body also; the room was empty—this is my pocket-book—I had a I £5 Bank-note, and three sovereigns were wrapped in it—I made no mark on the note—the book and the money is all that is produced—there were two woman, one in the house at the time I entered, besides the woman I went with—the woman did not go to bed with me.

Prisoner. I never set eyes on he gentleman till at the Justice-room—the money was given to me by a friend, but as to any thing of the gentleman I do not know. Witness. I cannot recognise the prisoner as either of the women.





ELIZABETH HONEYSETT
. I keep the house at No.55, Frier-street—the prisoner was formerly a lodger of mine—but as she could not pay me 3s., a week, I locked her out of her room—and when I went to Mrs. Kitcham, another lodger, for the rent, the prisoner was there—she said she should continue with her for some weeks—I said I should expect her to pay me some money—I never saw any man there—the prisoner lived with Mrs. Kitcham—she was there on the 10th—I do not know whether she was there all night.





ROBERT CAMPPEN
 (police-constable H 137.) I found the prisoner about five o'clock on the evening of the 11th of October, in a state of intoxication—I searched her and found a £5 Bank-note, three sovereigns, and 1 3/4 in copper—I asked her how she came by it—she could give no account, but said what she had got was her own.





JESSE TROWER
. I was present when the prisoner was brought to the station-house—I searched, and found this pocket-book between her left breast and her arm-pit.

Prisoner. I never opened it—Mrs. Kitcham gave it to me, and said it contained her duplicates.





ELIZABETH HONEYSETT

re-examined. Mrs. Kitcham left me the same night—I have never seen her since.

Prisoner. The money was given to me by a gentleman at Camberwell—I was to have seen him on the Wednesday evening—I have not sent for him—I believe he is at Dorking.




GUILTY
. Aged 40.—


Transported for Seven Years.
