





1454. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     SHAW
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, 1 coat, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Waters
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATERS
               



            . I drive a cab
. On the 21st of May I was in Tottenham-court-road


 - my cab was on the stand, and I was in a public-house - my great coat was on the box; the prisoner came into the public-house - I asked if he was the waterman; he said he was acting for him - I asked him to take care of my cab; I then went into the parlour - he came and sat down by me; I asked him to have a drink of porter; I then found his hand in my pocket - I said that would not do - I got up to go out - he got out first, and I saw him take my coat off the box; some other men detained me till he got off.


                  CHARLES 
                  HILL
               



            . My father keeps the public-house. -I was at home - I saw the prisoner take the cab behind some others, and take the coat off the box - he put it on his left arm, and walked towards St. Giles'; in about a quarter of an hour he came back, and said he had brought the coat into the house - the prosecutor was there - he collared him, and gave him into custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  WATERS
               



            . I saw him come back - and took hold of him; I had lost 10s. in money besides.


                  HENRY 
                  NASH
               



            . I was coming up the road between three and half-past three o'clock, and saw the prisoner go along with the coat on his left arm - I waited till he came back - he used very ill language, said he had not got it, and knew nothing of it.


                  JOHN 
                  CHAMBERLAIN
               



            . I took the prisoner at half-past eleven o'clock at night on the 22nd of May - he had been taken twice before, and was rescued by force from two other officers by a gang.
Prisoner's Defence. He sent me to get his coat as hewas tipsy - I got it, and gave it to him; I never saw it again.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
