




1039. 




DAVID WELLING
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
13th of March, at 


St. Pancras, 37 sovereigns, 15 shillings, 10 sixpences, 1 £10 and £5 Bank-notes, the property of 



Caleb Fowler, in his dwelling-house; and 




JAMES BROWN



 for feloniously receiving 22 sovereigns, and 2 £5 Bank-notes, part of the said property, well knowing it to have been stolen; another COUNT charging Brown as an accessary after the fact.






CALEB FOWLER
. I keep a grocer's shop in Augusta-street, Regent's-park. On Tuesday, the 6th of March, Welling came to me as errand-boy—he slept in my house—on the evening of Tuesday, the 13th of March, I went to my bed-room—I kept my money in a cash-box in a drawer there—I found the lock of the drawer wrenched off, and the cash-box open—the key was in the cash-box—I missed one £10 note, two £5 notes, and gold and silver, which amounted to 38l. at the least—there was perhaps twenty-four or twenty-five sovereigns—my wife had counted the money on the Monday morning—I had not taken out any after that—my room door was usually left unlocked—I had dismissed the prisoner Welling—at one or two o'clock, and I missed this between seven and eight o'clock in the evening—he had come home that day intoxicated—Mrs.Gauntlett keeps a house next door, and when I dismissed Welling, I observed he went there—I gave information to the police, as soon as I discovered the loss—I found him in custody at the station the following Sunday, as near as I can recollect—I said, "David, How came you to do this?"—he said he was tipsy, and before I went away he said he hoped I should look over it—I said, "Did you do it when we were at dinner?"—he said, "No, in the afternoon"—the policeman Produced 22l.—there were two £5 notes—I was able to speak to one of them, as my name was on it.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRICE. Q. Somebody had been making Welling drink? A. I do not know—he came home drunk, and I dismissed him—I had no occasion to find fault with him before—I was very much surprised to find him in that state—he had lived twelve months with the gentleman whom I succeeded—he was not living with him when I took him—he had a good character.






AMELIA GAUNTLETT
. I am the wife of Charles Gauntlett, a carpenter, in Augusta-street, Regent's-park. I have known Welling between two and three years—I knew him to bear a most excellent character by his former master, Mr. Langley—I took him into my house on the 13th, when Mr. Fowler turned him away for getting tipsy—I asked him if he had done any thing wrong besides getting tipsy—he said, no; not that he knew of—I allowed him to lie down in a back room, on my children's bed—I went to him—he was putting the bed clothes smooth, and going to leave the house—I saw him with two sovereigns and six shillings—I said "Whose is that, Mr. Fowler's?"—he said "No"—I said, "Is that your?"—he said "No; a person gave it me to take care of."

Cross-examined. Q. You requested him to go home? A. Yes—I meant to his parents—they live in the neighbourhood—he was not able to walk, and he was not quite sober when I desired him to go home; but he said he was better—he was helplessly drunk when he came, and obliged to take hold of the railings as he stood at the door—he said two girls had been giving him some rum—I have known him three years down to the present time—he has always been a well-conducted boy.





GEORGE PALMER
 (police-sergeant E 17.) On the morning of the 18th of March I went to No. 13, Buck ridge-street, St. Giles's, about one o'clock, and found the two prisoners in bed together, in a room by themselves, apparently asleep—they got up at my desire—Collier, at my request, turned down a bolster, and there was a parcel containing 39l. 15s.—I took charge of Welling—his jacket, trowsers, waistcoat, stockings, and silk handkerchief were all new—I asked him at the station-house How he came to commit such a robbery?—he said he was drunk when he did it—I found two shillings in his pocket—the landlady gave me a bundle—Welling claimed it as his—it consisted of a pair of trowsers, two shirts, a hat, some lemon-peel, end other things.





GEORGE COLLIER
 (police-constable E 38.) I went with Palmer—I turned the bolster of the bed up, and found a handkerchief containing two £5 notes, twenty-two sovereigns, four half-sovereigns, and 5l. 15s. in silver—this was on the Saturday following the robbery.





JAMES COBBIN
 (police-constable E 79.) I took the prisoner, Brown, into custody—his clothes were new—he said he bough them at Whitechaped—Welling said the same—I found on Brown two knives, and two-pence a half-penny in copper, no silver.





ELIZABETH FOWLER
. I am the wife of Caleb Fowler, the prosecutor, On Monday, March the 12th, I counted the money in the cash-box—there was £58 altogether—there was a £10 note, a £5 note, a large quantity of silver, and some gold—I left the key in the cash-box, and put the key of the drawer into my pocket—I had a mode of depositing the cash-box at night for better security—I saw the cash-box on the morning of the 13th safe—I put in another £5 note, and took out five sovereigns—I left the same amount of money—I had kept the key of the drawer myself.





HENRY OAKES
. I live with my father and mother in Ernest-street, Regent's-park. I heard of the robbery on the evening of the 13th—on the morning of that day, between eleven and twelve o'clock, I saw Welling come out of his master's shop, with a basket—I was in Cumberland-market—I could see the shop from there—Welling whistled to Brown to come to him, and they went up Augusta-street—I saw Welling go back to his master's shop—I was walking behind them—I could not hear what they said—I

did not see any opportunity that Welling had of getting any drink—he was sober when he got back to his master's about twelve o'clock.





ELIZABETH FOWLER

re-examined. He went out again a little before one o'clock, and came home drunk about two o'clock—I saw the money "safe last about eleven o'clock on the 13th.





HARRIET REDDY
. I am the wife of Frederick Reddy, and keep a clother's shop at Epping. On the morning of the 15th, three boys came to my shop, to all appearance the prisoners, are two of the boys—I served them with three pairs of trowsers, two handkerchiefs, and one pair of braces—the youngest paid—the other appeared the eldest of the three—I have seen two pairs of trowsers produced by the officer, which are what I sold—the other boy bought a pair of braces.

Cross-examined by
MR. BALLANTINE. Q. This was on the 15th? A. Yes—Welling paid for them.





BENJAMIN CUTHBERT
. I am servant to Mrs. Kirby, of Whitechapel—had—she keeps a clothes shop. On Friday, the 16th, two boys came to the shop—I think Welling was one—I sold two jackets to them—Welling said for them—this jacket was left behind—(producing it)—it is not the property of either of the prisoners—the jacket taken from Welling is the one I sold on that occasion.
(James Brown, of Montague-street, Russell-square, gave Welling a good Character).

WELLING—



GUILTY of larceny only. Aged 16.



Transported for Seven Years.

BROWN—


NOT GUILTY
.
