






1476. 
               
                  
                     CHARLES 
                     BARNETT
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     COWARD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s. 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry Bond 
                           Royds
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  HENRY 
                  BOND ROYDS
               



            . Between four and five o'clock, on the 28th of May, I was in St. James'-street


, and received information - Stone produced this handkerchief which is my property; I had had it safe a quarter of an hour before.


                  GEORGE 
                  STONE
               



             (Police-constable C 99). I was in St. James'-street, and saw the prisoners behind the prosecutor - I saw Barnett put his hand into his pocket, as I suspected, and give the other a nod to walk away - they both walked off; I said to Barnett, "What have you got here?" he said Nothing, and threw this handkerchief down; I took hold of him, and my brother officer took the other; they had been close to one another when the handkerchief was taken.
Barnett. Q. Did you find it on me? A. I saw you take it from the flap of your trousers, and throw it down; I found on you two other handkerchiefs, an old silk one and a Belcher - he said this one was not marked, but it is.


                  JOHN 
                  KENT
               



             (Police-constable C 175). I took Coward, but found nothing on him, and saw Barnett throw the handkerchief away.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Barnett's Defence. The other two handkerchiefs are mine, and I am innocent of stealing this - I did not have it in my possession.
BARNETT - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.
COWARD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
