






938. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     BOSTON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CLARK
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s. 6d., the goods of a person unknown, from his person
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  JOSEPH WEST
               



            . I am a Police-constable. On the night of the 24th of February I was in company with Hobbs, in St. James-street


, about nine o'clock - the two prisoners were pointed out to me by a person, named Dorrell - I saw a gentleman and lady there - Boston went behind the gentleman, and drew a handkerchief out of his left-hand pocket, took it in his left-hand, and put it behind him to the other prisoner - I put my arms round them, and called to Hobbs, "They have got it;" Hobbs came and took one - I took the other, and the handkerchief laid on the ground at their feet - it was an illumination night, and owing to the gangs that were about, it was impossible to get the gentleman without losing the prisoners.


                  THOMAS 
                  HOBBS
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I was with West - I saw the prisoners going up against gentlemen's pockets; we watched them some time - West called to me; I went up, put their feet on one side, and took up the handkerchief between the two prisoners.


                  GEORGE 
                  DORHELL
               



            . I saw the prisoners together on the night of the 24th of February - they attempted several pockets, and I mentioned it to the officers; I saw Boston take hold of a gentleman's pocket, put his hand into his pocket, and take out this handkerchief.
THOMAS HOBBS. This is the handkerchief. I asked Boston what was on it - he said he did not believe there was any thing on it, but there is J. C. on it.
Clark's Defence. There was a mob of two thousand people - the handkerchief was picked up behind two women; I was two yards from this young man - I had not been in the crowd two minutes before I was taken.
Boston's Defence. The officer caught hold of me first, I asked what he wanted, and he let me go - the J. C. are the initials of my second father's name.


                  JAMES 
                  COSGROVE
               



            . I am step-father to Boston. I have known him since he was three months old - he never knew his own name till lately, as he was always reared with me and served his time to me - he always went by my name till he was taken, and then he gave his right name.
JURY. Q. Had you any silk handkerchiefs? A. Yes, of different colours, but it is seldom I wear one - my son has taken them when he thought proper; I do not know whether I lost one or not.
BOSTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
CLARK - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.





               Transported for Life
            .
