




584. 




CHARLES DELLER
 and 




JOHN BURTON
 were indicted for

stealing in the 
31st of December, at 
Barking, in Essex, 1 ewe, value 20s., the goods of 



William Baker.—2nd COUNT, for killing the same with intent to steal the carcase.


MR. CLARKSON. Conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM BAKER
. I am a farmer, and live at Ilford. In December last, I had twenty Dorset lambs—they are usually bred earlier than others, and these were earlier than any close round about me—on Thursday afternoon, the 31st of December, between one and two o'clock, I counted them, and had twenty—on the following morning, in consequence of what my man told me, I counted them, and missed one—I have never seen the carecase myself since—I have since killed one of the other lambs—I did not see it after it was slain—it was sent to the butcher—I do not know any body in

the neighbourhood who had lambs of the same description—I think it was a wether lamb that was missing.





JAMES OTHEN
. I am a Bow-street patrol, stationed in the neighbourhood of Ilford. On the 1st of January I was in company with Davis, the constable of Ilford—I know Mrs. Hones—her house at Ilford is an empty house, belonging to Mr. Squih, in White Hart-yard, Ilford—I know the house where Susan White lives—that is in White Hart-yard also—White's house is about a yard from the window in which an entrance was made to an uninhabited house—I went with Davis to the uninhabited house on the let of January, between two and three o'clock in the afternoon—I had not then taken any body into custody—when I got there, Davis got in at the window, and opened the door, which was locked—I searched there, and found in the front room a lamb slaughtered, and hung up by a hammer in the way of a gamble—the hammer was run through the hind legs—the lamb appeared quite fresh—the blood was dripping from the nose at the time—it was nearly cold—I found a knife lying under the nose of the lamb—Davis has it—I took Deller and Burton into custody, a very few minutes after making this discovery—I found them both in the White Horse public-house, not more than a hundred and fifty yards from the uninhabited house—Burton had marks of blood on his smallclothes, stockings, and shoes—it was quite fresh blood—Deller had a smock-frock) on, and on his smock-frock I observed two to three drops of blood—they appeared to be fresh—I found a great quantity of feathers in the house, of different descriptions, and part of the knuckles of deer, as the butchers call them—it appeared to have been made a camplete slaughter-house.





SAMUEL DAVIS
. I am a constable of Ilford, and am a butcher by trade, I accompanied Othen to the uninhabited house in White Hart-yard, belonging to Mr. Squib—I saw the lamb hanging in the room—it was a Dorset lamb—I have seen the remainder of Mr. Baker's flock—it was such a lamb as that flock consists of, and apparently about the same age; it had been born about October, I should think—I afterwards saw one of Mrs. Baker's lambs, which had been killed and weighed—the one I found weighed 31lbs.—I did not see it weighted, but it appeared as near as can be, the same size—it was killed next day—it was about the same size and same breed—I produce a knife which I found under the nose of the lamb, all over blood—I afterwards accompanied the patrol to take charge of the prisoners—I observed the spots of blood on Burton's dress and Deller's smock-frock—they were spots of very fresh blood—the lamb appeared very recently slain—it was hardly cold—it must have been slain that morning, after midnight—after finding the knife, I showed it to Jemima Dawson—she recognised it directly—Deller is a labouring man in the neighbourhood—I have known him work but not for a long time past.—not for some months—I have never known Burton do a day's work since he has been at Ilford—Deller lodged with Mrs. Dawson, and Burton also—the blood appeared quite fresh on both their clothes—the lamb was killed in a butcher-like way, as a butcher would kill it exactly—it was opened as a butcher would do it.





JEMIMA DAWSON
. I live at the corner of White Hart-yard, Ilford. I know both the prisoners—they did not lodge in my house the last day in the year—he night before the last night in the year Deller lodged at my house, and had done so for about four months—he lodged with me on the night of Wendesday, the 30th, but not on the Thursday night—Burton did not lodge with me on the Wednesday night—he had lodged with me till

within a week of the time—he had not been in my house for three or four nights—I think he lodged at my house on the Monday night, and for about a month before—Deller slept at his lodging on the Wednesday night, and he was at my house on Thursday afternoon, and Burton with him—they both left together between four and five o'clock—before they went out Deller did not ask me for any thing belonging to him—(looking at a knife) I gave Deller a knife like this just as they went away—they were having a bit of victuals, and I gave him the knife to eat it with—he did not ask me for it—after eating the victuals they went away, and took the knife with them—I have no doubt about its being the same knife—Deller came into my house again on the Friday afternoon, about four o'clock, and brought in four half-quartern loaves—I saw this knife afterwards in Ilford prison, in Davis's presence—it looks to me to be the same knife—I have no doubt of it—they never lodged with me after the Wednesday night.





JOHN SQUIB
. I am owner of some property in White Hart-yard. I have two empty house there—I have known Deller and his family some years, and Burton—I have seen them both up my yard—I do not know whether I have seen them together or not—I have not seen them many times in the yard—I think it was about the middle of December—I once found Deller in one of my uninhabited house, which was locked up—it is the same house the lamb was found in—it was between six and seven o'clock in the morning, and about the 25th or 26th of October—I used to keep the house locked—he must have broken the window to get in—it was light when I found him there—they broke a square of glass out, and unfastened the casement—he was lying there asleep when I found him—the square has remained out ever since—I asked how he came there—he said he did not know—I said, "How did you get in?"—he said, "I got through the window"—I never saw him in the house afterwards—Deller's father and mother live in the yard—I do not know of his following any work—he gets jobs from one place and the other.

Deller. Q. Is not the house always open, and boys playing at marbles there? A. I found the door open once or twice, by their getting through the window, and opening it.

MR. BAKER
re-examined. My lambs were in an enclosed yard at night, between two and three hundred yards from White Hart-yard, and in the morning the iron bar of the gate was lifted up, and one gate open.





WILLIAM ALLARD
. I am a butcher. I saw the lamb which was found in the uninhabited house—it was a young one, and I consider it a Dorset breed—I saw another lamb of the prosecutors's, which was slain the same day (Saturday)—I should consider it one of the same breed as the first—the one stolen was skinned—there was nothing that a shepherd could identify it by; but when both were skinned we considered them both to be of one flock, and the same breed.





SUSAN WHITE
. I am single, I live in White Hart-yard, Ilford, next door but one to the empty house. On Thursday evening, the 1st of January, I was at the Red Lion, at Barking, about half-past eleven o'clock—I saw both the prisoners there—it was about half-past eleven o'clock when we came out of the Red Lion—the prisoners and two more were with me—we all came away together—I was with a fisherman—the prisoners and another person came out at the same time—they came to Ilford close behind me—I know Mr. Baker's house—I parted with the prisoners at the top of White Hart-yard, about a quarter to three, or half-past three o'clock, on Friday morning I had been sitting in the public-house with the fisher

man, not with them—I did not observe the prisoners' dresses—after I went in doors, and shut the door, they came and asked for a light for a pipe of tobacco—Fry, the third man, came in for the light, and the prisoners followed him—that was about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour after I had parted with them—they fetched a gallon of beer into my house, and set it on the table—I went to bed, leaving them sitting down in my house, and when I got up in the morning they were gone—I did not observe whether either of them had a knife at the public-house.





JAMES DIXON
. I am turnkey of Ilford gaol. I had the prisoenrs in my custody, and overheard a conversation between them on the 14th or 15th of January—they were in separate cells—I was close under the window of Burton's cell, which was twenty-five or twenty-six feet from Deller's cell, on the opposite side—I heard Burton say to Dueller, "We should have got off pretty well had not the old woman known the knife"—Burton then said, he should not have cared if the prosecutors had not been there—before the Magistrate, at the examination, Deller asked who the prosecutors were—Burton said, it was Baker and Mrs. Hone—Burton said he would drop these concerns, if he got home again he would have no more of these games—Deller either said he would go away, or go to sea—Burton asked him if he would not come back and drink those pints that would be for him—this was about eleven o'clock in the morning.

Deller's Defence. The blood on my clothes was from killing Mrs. Dawson's rabbits.

Burton's Defence. The blood on my clothes came from my nose, which is given to bleeding, sometimes two or three times a-day, and sometimes not for a week or a fortnight.

DELLER—


GUILTY
. Aged 21.

BURTON—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.




Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Williams.

