






1721. 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     THOMPSON
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     RAWLINGS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of June
, 1 ham, value 11s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Theophilus 
                     Walter
                  




               
            .


                  THEOPHILUS 
                  WALTER
               



            . I live in Hoxton


, and am a cheesemonger
. On the 22nd of June I had a ham hanging on the door of my shop; I missed it about eight o'clock in the morning - this is it.


                  FRANCIS 
                  FEATHERSTONE
               



             (Police-constable N 88). On the 22nd of June I was on duty in Kingsland-road, about a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's; I received information from Mr. Dyer, that two boys had gone down a court with a bag - I went down, and saw the two prisoners standing, and a bag on the ground, close to them; I examined it, and found in it this ham.


                  MARY 
                  ANN DYER
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  John 
                  Dyer
               



            . I was standing at my door that morning, and saw two lads cross the road with a bag - they went down a gateway; I told the officer, who went and took them with the bag.


                  THOMAS 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a sweep. I was in Fleming-street, and saw Thompson with a ham in his arms - he crossed the road, and Rawlings met him - they took a bag from a hearth-stone barrow and put it into it.
Thompson's Defence. I was coming down the street, and this lad asked me to carry it to Shoreditch church, and he would give me 3d. or 4d. - when we got to Kingsland road, he said, "Turn down this turning;" he then said, "Here are two Policemen coming;" I said, "You must have stolen the ham;" he then said, "Throw it away."
Rawlings' Defence. I took the ham - this lad is quite innocent.
RAWLINGS - 

               GUILTY
             - Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
THOMPSON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
