



793. 



HENRY BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of February, 7 reams of paper, value 10l.; the goods of 



John Kenworthy and others.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.





FRANCIS DEACON
. I am a porter. On Monday night, at half-past. eight o'clock, I was walking through Finsbury-square with Mayhew—I saw Mr. Kenworthy's waggon coming from Crown-street—I saw five or six persons there, and I saw the prisoner come from the off side of the waggon, and join the parties who had passed us—I watched them—three of them left the party, and went to the waggon—one got in and handed the parcel to the prisoner—he went towards the rails with it—I went and seized him, and told him to drop it—I kept him till the waggoner and the policeman came up—when he dropped the parcel—he fell down, and I then took him.





JOHN MATHEW
. I was with Dixon. I saw what he has just been stating—it is true—the prisoner was the man who had the parcel.





WILLIAM BRILL
 (police-constable C 72.) The prisoner was given to me by the witness—I saw the package in the kennel—I stopped he waggon.





JOHN CARPENTER
. I was the waggoner of Messrs. Kenworthy. This parcel was in my waggon on the night in question—I was called to look at it—I knew it was my parcel.





THOMAS HOLT
. I am clerk to Messrs. John and George Kenworthy, and another. This parcel was in charge of Carpenter.

Prisoner. I was not the man who had the parcel on my shoulder—I heard a cry of "Police"—I ran to see what was the matter—I slipped down, and was taken by the Witness.





RICHARD JOHNSON
. I am a tailor and live in Tottenham-street. I have known the prisoner two years—he lives in the City, I believe, but I do not know in what part—he worked with me as a journeyman tailor up to last Monday—he left me about two o'clock in the afternoon—I sent him on an errand, and never heard more of him till he was in Newgate—I know Chiswell-street—I should know the way from there to my own house—I do not know where he sleeps.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Die you happen to be out yourself on the 29th of February? A. I sent him out—I was at home when I sent him out—I was not taking a walk myself—I am no relative of the prisoner—ever since I have known him I have experienced nothing else but truth from him I have persons living in my house—they are not here—I am married—the prisoner worked with me on 27th and 29th of February as a tailor—he worked with me last Monday till two o'clock—he worked with

me on the 27th of February—I know nothing of the 50l. worth of silk taken from Mr. Kenworthy's waggon, within a month—I am not fond of walking in the evening—I was at home last Monday from seven till nice o'clock in the evening.





WILLIAM BRILL

re-examined. Q. Did you ask the prisoner who he had worked with last? A. Yes—he said with his father, but not for the last three weeks—he said his father was the last person he had worked for.




GUILTY
.—


Transported for Seven Years.
