




1893. 




ALOIS BAURMAN
 and 



CARL PFEIL
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
14th of July, 1 bag, value 1d.; 28 sovereigns; 2 five-dollar pieces, value 22s.; 2 doubloons, value 7l.; 4 ten-guilder pieces, Value 3l. 8s.; and 1 ounce weight of silver, value 4s.; the goods and monies of 



Henry Anrath: and 1 half—sovereign, the monies of 



Peter Frederick Dernen, in the dwelling-house of 



Martha Davies.

(The prisoners being foreigners, had the evidence communicated to them by an interpreter.)





HENRY ANRATH
. I live in Finsbury-street, St. Luke's. On the 14th of July I went out, left a purse in my drawer containing between twenty-eight and thirty sovereigns, two pieces of gold, two five-dollar pieces from the United States, and other monies: it contained a bag—this is it—I can speak to the bag—these purses are not mine—(looking at some coins)—I lost coins like these English coins, and I lost two gold coins like these—I lost two five-dollar pieces like these, of the United States—I believe these are them—I lost four of these other gold coins—I believe these are mine-all the money was safe in the bag.





PETER FREDERICK DERNEN
. Mr. Anrath lives with me. On the 14th of July, when I came home, my landlady gave me this paper-her name is Davies—(translation read)-"Dear Henry, I have taken the trunk with the hams and butter with me. I beg of you to never leave the key of your drawers upon them, otherwise you would be cheated, so as you think I only could be cheated. I have taken half a sovereign out of the drawer in Which the key was."—I do not know the writing of that letter—I went for the policeman, and then found the property was gone.





HENRY ANRATH

re-examined. I do not know this writing—I never had a letter from the prisoner.

Prisoner Alois Baurman. That same paper was left with me.





MARTHA DAVIES
. I am landlady of this house—the prisoner Baurman knocked at the door—the servant let them both in-Baurman went up to the rooms of these two gentlemen—he wrote the paper and brought it down, with a pipe in his mouth, into the kitchen—I was cooking the dinner—he presented the paper and a key, and said, "For my comrade, Dernen"—he came again and asked for the key—I gave it him, and they

both went up stairs-Pfeil fetched a cab, and they went away—they both tent into the room where the property was.





JOHN ADAMAN
 (police-sergeant R 1.) At half-past ten o'clock, on the 16th of July, I went to the Mitre Tavern, Greenwich—I there found the prisoners—I searched Pfeil at the station-house, and found three foreign coins, which I have here, also some copper money, four silk handkerchiefs, and a pocket-book—on Baurman I found a silver watch, a pocket-book, and a purse with some foreign copper coin, but nothing else—I received a purse from Schwager.





HENRY SCHWAGER
. I went after these prisoners-Baurman gave me this bag and money—he said he had taken the money out of fun, as he was drunk—he thought to take only 7l., but he took the whole at last-Pfeil was not present.





FREDERICK DILLMAN
. I keep a coffee-shop in Earl's-court, Leicester-square. On Sunday, a week before the robbery, the prisoners came to my home, and on the day of the robbery they brought two trunks and put them in my passage-Pfeil gave me what he said was a sovereign—I did not look at it—I put it into my pocket—I afterwards found it was a Dutch piece, which I changed at the Bank for 16s. 3d.—they were in a great hurry.

Pfeil's Defence. We went up together, but I left Baurman—he sent me for a carriage, and while I was gone I suppose the robbery was committed by Baurman—I gave the Dutch piece to Dillman, not knowing what it was—I got it from Baurman, with other things.

Baurman's Defence. I had nothing at all to do with the robbery—I only requested Pfeil to go with me to buy some goods, and we exchanged money together.

BAURMAN—


GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Ten Years.

PFEIL—


NOT GUILTY
.
