



1703. 




MARY ANN DOWELL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of June, 2 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 9 sovereigns, 4 half-crowns, and 3 shillings; the goods and monies of 



Robert Mitchell.






ROBERT MITCHELL
. I came from the coast of Africa. On the 29th of June I was at the Pavilion, and coming from there I fell in with the prisoner—as it was too late to go home, I asked her if she could show me where I could get a bed—she said she would show me, and she asked me if she could sleep with me—I said I had no objection—I had ten sovereigns when I came out—I changed one, and had a pint of beer and some bread and cheese—I did not like to go home and knock the people up, as they had a baby lying dead in the house—I went with the prisoner, stripped every thing off, went to bed and went to sleep—about eight o'clock in the morning the prisoner got up—I said, "Where are you going?"—she said, "To get something to drink"—she went out—I said, "Don't you go, send the servant-girl"—she said, "There is my bonnet and stays, I shall come back again"—so I laid down again, after I had bolted the door, and the woman of the house came up and said, "That customer has gone off with the gin-bottle, and I have never seen her since"—I got up, and missed all my money, and my handkerchiefs and all—I had bolted the door before I went to bed at first—there was a light in the room—I am sure she is the girl—we should not have found her out but for her bonnet in the room—this is my handkerchief—there is a white mark in the corner—one half-crown has been found.

Prisoner. I met about three o'clock in the morning. He asked me to give him a lodging—I took him to the Match-walk, and the woman opened the door—he sent for a pot of beer and half a pint of gin, and we went up stairs—he awoke me at half-past five o'clock, to get him

some beer, and said he was thirsty. Witness. No, I never awoke till eight o'clock, when I felt her going away.

Prisoner. I asked the watchman out of window what time is was, and he said, "Half-past five"—and then I went to the Crooked Billet and got it—he was asleep, and said, "I wish you would let me sleep half an hour longer"—I then took a drink, and then took it down to the landlady—about eight o'clock I said, "I must go time,"—he give me half-a-crown and the handkerchief till the evening, when he was to pay me the remainder—I know nothing of the man's money—he said he neither believe in God nor devil. Witness. I did not say so—I did not make her a present of the handkerchief—here is where the ticket was on it—I bought two handkerchiefs, one was for a pocket-handkerchief, and the other to put my money in—I gave 1s. 6d. for the two.





HENRY PARKER
. (police-sergeant K. 10.) I went to No. 14, John-street, about eleven o'clock, on the 29th—the prisoner was at the door with a gin-bottle in her hand, she was perfectly sober—I called the prosecutor, and asked if the house—she said, "None at all"—I went into a back room, where there was another woman—I turned up the bed, and found this handkerchief—the prosecutor identified it—I said to the prisoner, "Where did you get this handkerchief?"—she said "It was given to me by the sailor, in part payment"—I asked her if she had any money—she said none but half-a-crown which she had in her hand—I saw the bonnet and stays, and know the bonnet was here—I had seen her in it before.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Seven Years.
