






642. 
               
                  
                     MARY ANN 
                     BRUCE
                  




               
             & 
               
                  
                     ELIZA 
                     RICHARDSON
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of January
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-chain, value 2l.; 1 seal, value 5s., and 1 watch-key, value 2d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Peter 
                     Nyholm
                  




               
            .
PETER NYHOLM. I am a Swede. I am a mariner
 on board the William, which was in the St. Katherine-docks. On the 20th of January I met the two prisoners in Ratcliff-highway


, about eleven o'clock in the evening - I was not exactly sober, but I had my senses about me, and was going home; the prisoners met me, and asked for something to drink - I went into a public-house, and gave them some gin; Richardson I can positively swear to, but Bruce I cannot - I believe she is one- I then wanted to go to my lodging, but Bruce would not let me; she kept close to me - I then missed my watch, and she ran away; I went to run after her, but I fell against a stone - Richardson was five or six yards from Bruce when I missed my watch; she went off in a contrary direction - I told an officer.



                  ELIZABETH 
                  SMITH
               



            . I am an unfortunate girl. I was walking with a girl named Lawe, in Ratcliff-highway, on the 20th of January; we met Bruce, whom I had seen before - she said she had very nearly been taken; we asked for what - she said for robbing a man of his watch, chain and seals; she asked us to have something to drink - we had a quartern of gin, and then she left us.


                  RACHAEL 
                  LAWE
               



            . I am an unfortunate girl. I was walking with Smith, between eleven and twelve o'clock- Bruce came up to me, and said she had been almost taken up for stealing a watch, chain and seals; we did not ask what man, nor did she tell us; there was no one with her then - she asked us to have some gin, and we did.


                  JAMES 
                  COOK
               



            . I am a Police-officer. On the night of the robbery I received this information; by the description I knew the prisoners, and went to where they lived, about two o'clock in the morning; I knocked, and Mrs. Miller answered - I told her I must come in; she told me to wait, as she was in bed - I then heard a rush up stairs; I asked Miller if Bruce lived there - she said No, she had left, but I went up stairs and found the prisoners in had together, with their clothes on.
Bruce's Defence. This officer owes me a spite; I was taken up one night for a row, and he came and asked if I had any money; I gave him a sovereign, and he brought me 1s. worth of gin - he kept 10s. 6d. of it and never gave it to me.
Richardson's Defence. I met this young woman, who asked me to take her home, which I did, as she had no room of her own; it was very cold, and we went to bed with our clothes on.
RICHARDSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
BRUCE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
