






1683. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     WICKS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     HARDING
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of June
, 1 purse, value 1s. 6d., and 17 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Purnell
                        




                     
                  , from his person; and that Wicks had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PURNELL
               



            . I am a mariner
. On the 20th of June, I had been up all night, but was sober; I was looking after a sister of mine, and met the prisoners about half-past three o'clock in the morning: I do not know in what street I first saw Harding - she asked me to have something to drink; I said it was too soon: there was another girl with her, but Wicks was not there then - they then asked me to have some coffee and bread and butter, which we did; I was coming away, but they followed, and took me into a private room - I staid there an hour and a half, but had nothing to do with any of them; Harding then went out, and brought in Wicks: Harding said she was her sister, and asked if I did not fancy her - I said No, I did not fancy either of them; I got up and went out - the prisoner's followed me to a public-house, where Wicks took my purse out of my pocket - Harding was close to her at the time; I had seventeen sovereigns in my purse: Wicks ran off with it - I followed, and Harding stopped me, and said she would come back, that she was sky-larking - I have never got the purse since; the officer took Harding; Wicks was taken three days after.


                  GEORGE 
                  HUSTWAYTE
               



            . I saw Wicks take the purse out of the prosecutor's pocket, while he was drinking a glass of ale; she went out of the public-house instantly - he followed her, and Harding followed him.
Wicks. When the prosecutor was leaving the house, he was asked if he had all his money right, and he said Yes.


                  JOHN 
                  PURNELL
               



            . Hustwayte said, to me, "You will be done," and I said, "I am wide awake."


                  THOMAS 
                  PRENDIVILLE
               



             (Police-constable 140 G). The prosecutor told me he was robbed, and I took Harding at the time.


                  GEORGE 
                  DOSSON
               



            . (Police-constable G 123). I took Wicks from the prosecutor's description.


                  MICHAEL 
                  GLADWELL
               



             (Police-constable G 162.) I have a certificate (which I got from Mr. Clark's office) of the conviction of Wicks; she had three months imprisonment in the House of Correction; I took her, and know she is the person.
Wicks' Defence. I met Harding, who asked me to go to the room with her; I saw the prosecutor on the bed, with his clothes undone - he said, "Come, and I will give you all something to drink;" we went and had something to drink at the public-house - I then came away directly; I was not near him - there were two more girls in company.
Harding put in a written Defence, stating that she had left the prosecutor for some time, and after she returned he complained of being robbed, but being innocent, she did not attempt to escape.
WICKS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.
HARDING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
