





Before Mr. Justice James Parke.
1534. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EVANS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of June
, 1 watch, value 12l., and 1 gold seal, value 1l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Pitt
                        




                     
                  , in his dwelling-house
            .
WILLIAM PITT. I live in Swallow-street, Bethnalgreen


, with my father, 
               
                  John 
                  Pitt
               



            ; it is his house. On the 2nd of June I was at work in the house, and the prisoner applied to me to have the stone of a seal engraved - he left it, and was to call in the evening to say if he would have it done; he came at seven o'clock - I was in the shop, and had a watch on the bench, near me; he stood there about five minutes, and left the stone to be engraved; he was to call on Monday for it, but I never saw him again till the 16th, when I gave him in charge; I missed the watch two minutes after he left - I had seen it there while he was in the room; it was a duplex escapement silver watch, with a seal to it, and worth 12l. - my brother Edward and my father were also in the room when the prisoner came; I have not seen it since.


                  EDWARD 
                  PITT
               



            . I was with my brother in the evening when the prisoner called - I saw the watch on my brother's workboard two minutes before he came, and missed it about two minutes after he left; my father was at the same workbench with me, and did not leave it before the watch was missing; we were on one side of the room, and the prisoner on the other.
JURY. Q. Was the prisoner near the watch? A. Not while speaking to my brother, but he saw a roasting-jack on the other side of the room, and went to look at it - he asked if my father repaired such things; he went close against the bench where the watch was, and must have taken it then.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOLTWOOD
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended the prisoner.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, deelaring his innocence, and stating that the prosecutor's father had refused to give evidence in the case.
WILLIAM PITT. When I discovered the loss I went after the prisoner, but could not find him.




               GUILTY of stealing, but not in the dwelling-house
            .
Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
