





748. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  FLEMARE
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of February
, 21 yards of printed cotton, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John Harvey 
                  Knight
               



             and 
               
                  
                     Samuel 
                     Knight
                  



               
            .


                  ANN 
                  DUNCAN
               



            . I know the prosecutors' shop. On the 28th of February, about seven o'clock in the evening, I was near their house in Crown-street, Bishopagate


 - 
               
                  Jane 
                  Davies
               



             was with me; I saw the prisoner, whom I have known some time - I watched him, and saw him take a piece of something white from the bar of the prosecutors' window; it appeared to me to he cloth or calico - he did not go into the shop, but he shifted it round the bar, and took it - he ran across the road, up Clifton-street, and took it to a place in Angel-alley; I kept watching him, and afterwards told the officers, but he had come out before I told them; I do not think the property has been found.
JURY. Q.Was the bar outside the window? A. Yes, it was.
Prisoner. Q.What did you say to me when I was taken? A. I asked what you had done with the things you took from the shop; I had drank with you before I told the officer.
COURT. Q.What are you? A. My husband belongs to the gas-works; I have an unfortunate sister who has cohabited with the prisoner - he did not carry this article above half a mile; I did not call Stop thief! because I was well aware I could find him.


                  JANE 
                  DAVIES
               



            . I was going into Bishopsgate-street on an errand, and called on Duncan - we went out together; I had never seen the prisoner but twice before; I saw him in Crown-street - he crossed, and took this article from Mr. Knight's; I supposed it to be a roll of calico or linen - I did not see the house he took it into, because I had Duncan's child, and I was rather behing her; he ran away with it - I did not tell the officer of it; I saw the prisoner in about ten minutes at a public-house -Mrs. Duncan said to him, "Sam, what have you done with that?" I cannot tell exactly what he said, but I think he said he had made it all right - she told him the Police would he after him, and he muttered something which I could not understand; I swear positively that he took something from the bottom rail of the door, and ran away directly.
JURY. Q. Did you have something to drink? A. Yes - he asked us to have something.


                  THOMAS 
                  ALFRED SMITH
               



            . I am an apprentice to John Harvey Knight and 
               
                  Samuel 
                  Knight
               



            . I had put this cotton at the door on the 28th of February, about eleven o'clock in the morning; it was light lilac, and on the wrong side it appeared nearly white - I saw it safe on the rail about four o'clock in the afternoon; I did not know it was gone till very near two in the morning, when theofficer came, and called us up - I have never seen it since.


                  CHARLES 
                  FRANCIS RURDETT WOOD
               



            . I live with the prosecutors. I missed the piece of print when the officer came; I had seen it in the morning, and had shown it to a customer.


                  ROBERT 
                  DICK
               



            . I am an officer. On the 28th of February, about a quarter before twelve o'clock at night, I received information that the prisoner had committed a robbery in Crown-street; as his person was well known to me I looked out for him, and soon afterwards I met him - I asked him if he had any thing about him; he said No - I asked if he had any thing in his mouth, and I found he had 1s.; Duncan told me of the robbery about half-past eleven o'clock, but I had heard of it before.
Prisoner's Defence. I was drinking with a friend, and got a little in liquor; I went home, and went to bed - I then got up again, and went with two or three more friends down to the Unicorn; Mrs. Duncan came there, and said something to me - she stopped drinking with me till the house was shut up; I then went home to her house, and went out for something more to drink before I was taken; when I came out with her and her sister she gave charge of me - I have her own sister outside, who will swear she took a half-sovereign from me.


                  CHARLOTTE 
                  FLEMARE
               



            . I am the prisoner's sister-in-law. About three months ago I was going, through Shoreditch, and met the young woman he used to keep company with; she said, "If I could only find out a plan to get that thief out of the country" - I said, "Forget and forgive;" She said she never would, and once within seven years she would do for him - he had a good character, and I was astonished to hear her say so; she said she would not mind taking any one's life away so long as she could live - I never was here before; I could get my character where I have worked for nine years - I swear the prisoner has borne a good character; I heard that he fell into a misfortune about twelve months ago, but I cannot tell where he was tried - I did not speak to the family at that time; the person he lived with is worse than he is.
ELIZABETH HURLEY. I have kept company with the prisoner six or eight months - his father, mother, and sister mustered up half a sovereign towards doing him good; I brought it to him, laid it under my pillow, and in the morning it was taken away by Duncan, my own sister, who is far worse than the prisoner is.
Prisoner. The officer knows when I was taken before I was innocent - I was only having a pint of beer in the house where a robbery was committed.
JURY to 
               
                  JANE 
                  DAVIES
               



            . Q. Did you go to drink with him? A. Yes; Duncan asked me to go with her on an errand, and as we were going by a public-house he was at the door with some liquor in his hand - I was across the road when I saw him take the article; I support my mother and myself by selling a little fruit.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
