





Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
134. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WALTON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 4th of November
, 1 watch, value 1l. 16s.; 1 seal, value 2s.; 1 watch-chain, value 2s; 1 watch-key, value 6d.; and 2s. 7d., the property of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Sanders
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
JOHN SANDERS. I am a carpenter
, and live in Clare-market - on the 4th of November, I was out between six and seven o'clock in the morning - I had been at work at the Morning Advertiser Office - I was very much fatigued, and called at the King's Head in Cross-court, leading out of Russell-court - I called for a pint of beer - the prisoner came in, and asked me to give her a glass of ale, which I did - when I went out she followed me; I told her not to follow me, as I would have nothing to say or do with her; I then went on to Covent-garden


, and felt myself sick from working by gas-light, and I sat down on a step to revive myself - I was quite sober, but being fatigued, I fell asleep; I know my watch was safe in my pocket when I went to sleep; I considered the prisoner had then left me - I suppose I had not been asleep half an hour when the Policeman roused me, and said I had lost my watch; I went to the station, and recognized the prisoner as the person to whom I had given the glass of ale, and who had followed me; I found my watch there, and 1s. 6d. in silver, and 1s. 1d. in copper, but I considered I had had 1s. 6d. in copper about me, and it was all gone.


                  JOHN 
                  KENNELLY
               



             (Police-constable 144 F.) I saw the prosecutor at ten minutes before seven o'clock heavy with sleep, sitting on a step; I came on to White Hart-yard, and saw the prisoner standing close by: I kept my eye fixed on her, and saw her go to the prosecutor, stoop down, and put her hand into his left hand trousers pocket; she looked back - I went up, and saw a 6d. by the prosecutor's pocket on the step - I asked the prisoner what claim she had to that man - she said she claimed him as her husband - I said, till I got a more satisfactory account, I would take her to the watch-house; I noticed in her apron-pocket the chain of a watch - I took her to the watch-house, and sent a brother officer to arouse the prosecutor; I found this watch, 1s. 6d. in silver, and 1s. 1d. in copper on her.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I get my living by servitude - I had 3s. 7d.; I met the prosecutor, who said he knew me; I said I was sure he did not; he asked me to hold his watch, which I refused, and he laid it down; I waited ten minutes for him, he then sat down; several persons passed, and I said, "Please Sir, get up, and take your watch, for I must go" - the Policeman then came and took me - he wanted to search me in an impudent manner.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
