





225. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PRITCHARD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of November
, 1 writing-desk, value 3l., and 2 spoons, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Richard 
                     Leigh
                  




               
            .


                  CHARLES 
                  UNDERWOOD
               



            . I am in the service. of Mr. John Underwood, of Providence-row, Islington. On the 12th of November, I was passing Mr. Leigh's door, in Islington, between one and two o'clock - I saw the prisoner at the front door, and another person on the pavement; there is a garden in front of the house, fenced off from the street - I did not stop then, but in a few minutes I returned and saw the prisoner in the parlour, and the window was open - the other man was still on the pavement; I went home and left my tray, and then went back, and saw the prisoner leaving the premises, and the other man had the desk; they ran different ways - I took the prisoner, who made some resistance; the other man ran away - the desk was carried back and delivered to Mr. Leigh: I saw two silver spoons found on the prisoner.
Prisoner. Q. Did you see my face? A. Yes, I did; and when I went by again I saw you in the parlour, and knew your person.


                  PHOEBE 
                  LEIGH
               



            . I am the wife of Richard Leigh - we live at Cloudesley-cottage, Islington


; I went to the door when the prisoner was taken - my husband's desk was brought to me; Mr. Camp searched the prisoner in my presence, and found in his trouser's pocket, one silver table-spoon and one tea-spoon - the desk had been on the side-board in the parlour, and the spoons in the cupboard; the desk is worth 3l., and the spoons 1l. - the tea-spoon had a mark on it by which I know it, and I believe the other to be mine.


                  THOMAS 
                  CAMP
               



            . I was sent for and took the prisoner; I found the two spoons on him.


                  ALFRED 
                  HARRIS
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I took the prisoner, and the desk was delivered to me.
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to Holloway, and saw something shining on the grass; I took it up, and it was this tea-spoon - about half a yard further I saw the table-spoon - I put them into my pocket, and had got but a few yards when the witness took hold of me; I asked what for, he said, "Never mind. you will know presently;" a person went and knocked at the prosecutor's door, with the desk.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
