



1838. 




WILLIAM WALKER
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling house of 




Joseph Allen, at 
St. George, Bloomsbury, about the hour of one in the night of the 
18th of July, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 16 spoons, value 1l. 16s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 4s.; 1 shilling, 3 sixpences, 30 pence, 177 halfpence, and 24 farthings, his goods and monies.






JOSEPH ALLEN
. I keep a public-house at the comer of Vernon-place, in the parish of St. George, Bloomsbury. On the night of the 18th of last month, I went to bed about one o'clock—my' wife and I went to bed last—I fastened the outer-doors—the bar was fastened up—there are two doors to the bar—I took the keys in my pocket—I got up about four o'clock—it was getting a little light then—it was sufficiently light to see a man's face—when I got down I saw a chair out of its place—it was near a window, which has two squares of glass looking out of the passage into the bar—one square was broken all to pieces—I went up to the window and saw

the prisoner in the bar—I asked what business he had there—he said. "If you come near me I will shoot you"—I called a policeman, and went with him into the bar, and the prisoner was secured there—he was trying to break out—I missed all the halfpence out of the till, and the silver spoons from the cupboard, which I had seen safe before I went to bed—they were found in his pocket—I saw a hat with a pair of shoes in it, on the slates in the yard, and the prisoner had neither hat nor shoes on—there was a candle by the side of the window, not lighted—I have every reason to believe he had concealed himself in the house, as there was no violence to any outer-door—the policeman took him away—he had no fire-arms.

Prisoner's Defence. There are two statements altogether untrue, one is, that I entered the house at two o'clock in the morning—now I entered it about ten o'clock in the evening; and he says that I said, if he came near me I would shoot him—that is altogether untrue—I thought he had got something in his hands, and I said in my fright, "O don't shoot me"—that was all that passed.*




GUILTY of breaking and entering, but not burglariously. Aged 18. 


Transported for Fourteen Years.

Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.

