




1978. 




MARY STARKIE
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
19th of June, 1 pillow-case, value 1l.; 6 half-crowns, 8 sixpences, and 240 farthings; the goods and monies of 



William Holt, her master; and





MARTHA STARKIE



, for feloniously receiving, on the same day, the said goods and monies, well knowing them to have been stolen: against the Statute.—2nd COUNT, for feloniously receiving from an evil-disposed person.






SARAH HOLT
. I am the wife of William Holt, of Mabb's-place, Fetter-lane, in the parish of St. Dunstan; he is a green-grocer an fruiterer. The prisoner, Mary Starkie, came into my service the latter end of May—the other prisoner is her mother—I knew her at the time to be her mother—she came to my house once—I only saw her there once—I attend Farringdon-market to sell my goods, and so does my husband—at the time Mary Starrkie was with us, I had 60l. Which I had earned and saved up—there were two sovereigns, four half-soverigns, 5l. in sixpences, and 2l. in shillings—It was chiefly in silver—I kept it in a box under my bed, locked up—the prisoner left me on the 12th as I missed it on the 19th—I did not miss any thing till after she went—I went to get 18l. to pay a bill, and the money

was all gone—I missed it all at once—three weeks before she came to me, the money was all safe—I did not look at it from that time till nearly a week after she left—I had no other servant while she was with me—the box was not broken—It had been opened by a false key—I had the charge of the box alone, not my husband—a brooch that was in the box was also gone—I missed six half-crowns, 5s. in farthings and six sixpences, out of a drawer—two of them were new ones—It was all I was worth—I missed the money out of the box, on the 19th—I missed the property from the drawer, at her last examination—the money in the drawer was there three weeks after she came into my service—I missed a pillow-case about the same time as the money from the drawer—I had seen it safe when I saw the money—I had seen it safe about a month before I missed it—I missed a pair of women's boots, a silk handkerchief, a child's pinafore and cap—I had kept them down stairs in the drawers, which were open—I had not missed any of the linen articles before I lost the money—I missed the "Pilgrim's Progress" with my children's ages in it—I saw the book and the brooch again, at the examination at Guildhall, in August—I had not seen the book for two months after she had been with me—about three weeks before she left me, she told me she had been married a month before she came to me—I did not give her warning, but she gave me a week's warning, saying her husband wanted her at home, and she went home to her mother when she left me—she was living at her mother's—I went there a week after she left me—my sister keeps the house they lived in—I was often at my sister's, but never saw the rooms they occupied—I found the book I had missed on the mother's premises—w en I missed the money on the Sunday, I went with the officer and looked about the place, and under the bed I found a handkerchief, a pillow-case, and cap, and my book—this was the Sunday after she left—I found my brooch in a little box on the table, in the front room, and the book also—the prisoners were in the Compter at that time—they had been taken up on the Wednesday—at the second hearing, when I went home, I heard something, and went over to Mrs. Graham, who gave me a key.

Mary Starkie. The pillow-case is my mother's—the brooch is mine—I have had it three years—she lent me the book to take home to read on Sunday, and she lent me the boots to go home in one night, when it was wet. Witness. I did not—I never gave her leave to take them or the book—these are my pillow-case and brooch.





SARAH GRAHAM
. I live in Mabb's-place. Fetter-lane. I know the prisoner Mary, by her living with Mrs. Holt—I remember her coming to my place once, about two months before she was taken, she asked me if if I had got a key to lend her, to get Billy, Mrs. Holt's child, a clean pinafore out of the drawer—I asked her why she did not send Jemmy to the market—she said she had nothing to put on him—I then lent her a key—she brought it back in a few minutes—I live opposite Mrs. Holt—she did not keep the key three minutes hardly—It was early in the morning—I had seen Mrs. Holt go off to the market just before, in a great hurry—It was about ten o'clock—the prisoner said, some time after, that she was going to be married, and she was in the family-way—I sold her some little things, which I did not want—she said the young man she kept company with had got £20 left him, and with that she was buying the things—that was after she borrowed the key—It was not long before she went away, when I heard of the loss of the money—I

gave the key to a person to take over to Mrs. Holt—I have not had it since—I never lent the prisoner more than one key—I had no others except a very large box-key.





JAMES LLOYD
. I am an officer of Farringdon Without. I was applied to, to apprehend the prisoners on the 19th of August—I went and apprehended them between mine and ten o'clock at night, at No. 1, Brackley-street, Golden-lane—the daughter was in the garret of the front room, and her sweetheart was on the bed—the mother was not at home at that time; she came home, and I took her the same night, between ten and eleven o'clock—I found the brooch on the table in the front garret, which is a sitting-room—next day I went and found the book on the same table, and the pillow-case on a pillow in the bed; and under the bed a pinafore, cap, a pair of boots, and handkerchief—they rented the front and back garrets—t e bed was in the back room—I found nothing else which has been claimed—I found a good deal of other property, five new gowns, three gown-pieces unmade, one on the premises, and two at a dressmaker's, two remnants of calico, and ten napkins—I found under the tiles, out of the window, a pillow-case marked W., four towels, a table-cloth marked F., two shawls, two children's frocks, two lengths of muslin for window curtains, three cotton aprons, two petticoats, five children's shirts, a length of flannel, a black veil, four lengths of lace, three handkerchiefs, several caps, a bonnet, and other things—the gowns appeared all nearly the same size, to fit the prisoner Mary—some of them appeared to fit the elder prisoner—I have had the articles I found in my possession ever since.





SARAH FIELD
. I am niece of the elder prisoner. I have been living with her about three months from this time—I lived with her at the time her daughter Mary lived with Mrs. Holt—I remember her bringing money to her mother's—It was principally silver—I saw a sovereign and a half brought at one time—I saw her bring about 1l. or 2l. of silver at a time, as near as I can tell—I have seen her bring money two or three times a-week—I did not hear them say where it came from—the mother sent me with a gold ring to Mary once, and told me to tell Mary to go up and get her some money if she was not too tired—I never asked where they got the money from, not heard the mother ask her—I did not know—I saw some money put into a bag between two beds, by the mother—I have seen that done more than once—they slept on that bed—the mother had relief from the parish at the same time.





JAMES LLOYD

re-examined. I have Mrs. Graham's key, and produce it.

MRS. GRAHAM. This is very much like the key I lent her, but I cannot sweat to it, because I never noticed it—I gave it to Mrs. Jennings to take over to Mrs. Holt—she is not here—I have no doubt it is the key, it was one like this.

MRS. HOLT. I have tried this key—It will open my drawer, but will not touch the box.
(Properly produced and sworn to.)

Mary Starkie's Defence. The money I never saw, nor did I know they had any—the brooch is my own; I bought it when I lived with Mr. Taylor, of Great Prescott-street, three years ago—I had the best part of these things before I went to live with Mrs. Holt.

MARY STARKIE.—


GUILTY
 Aged 18.

MARTHA STARKIE.—


GUILTY
. Aged 49.




Transported for Fourteen Years.


Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

