



379. 




ANN GRAY
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
19th of December, 4 sovereigns, the monies of 



John Colby.






JOHN COLBY
. I am a fisherman. On the 19th of December I came up from the Yarmouth Roads to Black wall—I received five sovereigns and a half in gold—I went to a public-house and changed the half-sovereign, and paid 8s. 6d. for a hat—I then changed a sovereign, and had four sovereigns left, in my left-hand waistcoat pocket—I met the prisoner about seven o'clock—I did not know her before—I went to a public-house with her, and when we came out 1 said, "If I could get a good bed I would pay 5s. for it," as I was tired—she said she had a nice cottage of her own, and would take me there—I went with her, between eight and nine o'clock, to an up-stairs room in Kett-street, and we went to bed together—I put my money under the bolster and the bed, next the sacking—she got out of bed in a quarter of an hour—(I am certain my money was all safe when I went to bed—I said to her, "I have a little money there, I will put it under my head)—she sent a girl for a candle, and got out of bed to take it from her—she kept the door ajar, so that I could not see her—she took her own clothes, and walked down stairs with them in her hand—I suspected something from that, and turned round and saw my jacket was gone from under the bed, and my money was gone—I thought it beat not to make a noise about it, so I went down quietly to look for a policeman—a woman in the house came up and began to abuse me, saying, "Halloo! what do you do in my bed? my husband will be here in a minute, and he will kick up a devil of a row"—I found three policemen, and told them all about It—I described the prisoner, and she was taken—they took a sovereign out of her mouth at the station-house.






THOMAS COOPER
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner about twelve o'clock, in consequence of the prosecutor's description—I told her I wanted her for robbing a countryman of four sovereigns—she said, "Ah, well, if I have done it, I have done it, and I hope you will send me out of the country"—I took her to the station-house, and found 1s. 9d. in her bosom—the declared that was all the money she had got—I fetched the presecutor, who swore to her—suspecting she had something in her mouth, I seized her neck, and made her spit a sovereign out—the prosecutor had given me information about half-past ten o'clock.

Prisoner's Defence. He did not give me the opportunity to give him the sovereign out of my mouth, or I should have given it to him—my sister had given it to me early in the evening to get change.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
