






297. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM BANKS


               
             and 
               
                  
                     ROBERT 
                     TURPIN
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of December
, at St. Martin in the Fields, 12 lbs. weight of worsted, value 1l. 3s., and 24 gross of worsted-lace, value 5l. 17s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Alfred 
                           Amstie
                        




                     
                   and another, in their dwelling-house
            .


                  JOHN 
                  OWEN
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 3rd of December, between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, I was watching the house of Alfred Amstie, in Long-acre, in the parish of St. Martin in the Fields


; I was within four or five yards of the house; I was dressed as a Policeman - it was not quite light; I observed Banks go in at the side door, with an empty bag - the door was closed for a moment; he came out without any thing, looked about, and went in again - I then saw Turpin at the door; I kept watch, and saw Banks come out with the bag half full; he had been in the house about half an hour altogether -Banks crossed Long-acre, up Mercer-street - Turpin was then inside the house; he lived in the house - he never came out further than the door; I followed Banks, keeping him in sight to the end of Castle-street - he at last saw me, and dropped the bag; I took it up, and asked him what was in it - he said he was employed by a man to carry it to Somers'-town - and at that time Appleton met us - I took Banks with the bag and its contents.


                  THOMAS 
                  GEORGE APPLETON
               



            . I am clerk to the prosecutors. I had desired the Policeman to watch, having suspicions - I was watching in front of the house; Turpin was formerly in our employ; he left about four or five months, but lived on the premises with his father, who was our foreman at the time in question - I watched the premises for three-quarters of an hour; Owen came and gave me information - I went down a street, and met Banks, and the Policeman behind him; I went on, and met Turpin, with the worsted in his possession, in a blue apron.


                  ALFRED 
                  AMSTIE
               



            . I am a lace-manufacturer
, and live in Long-acre. My foreman resided in the house, as a servant - I and my partner pay the taxes; it is the dwelling-house of us both - I know nothing of Banks; Turpin himself had been in our employ once - I swear positively to both parcels of property; my handwriting is on the papers - it is regimental lace, and worth more than 9l.
Banks' Defence. A young man in Covent-garden-market asked me to carry a parcel for him to Somers'-town, and said he would give me 1s. - this young man told me to go to the first turning on the left and stop till he came; as I went through the court, the young man brought the parcel out, and gave it to me.
Turpin's Defence. I happened to be standing in my father's passage. I dropped a shilling down the cellar grating - I observed some parcels laying there, but did not interfere with them.
BANKS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
TURPIN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.





               Transported for Life
            .
