



1745. 




JOHN SMITH



 was indicated for feloniously assaulting 



George
Thomas, on the 
31st of July, at 
St. Giles Without, Cripplegate; putting him in fear, and taking from his person and against his will, I half-crown, and 1 shilling, the monies of the said George Thomas.







GEORGE THOMAS
. I am an undertaker, and live in Craven-buildings, City-road. On the 31st of July, about ten minutes before four o'clock in the morning, I was coming up Barbican, going home—I was quite sober—I had three sovereings, a five-shilling-piece, a half-crown, and a shilling in my pocket—it was broad day-light—I saw the prisoner with another man coming after me—as I went along, the other man said, "Good morning, sir; you are out late as well as us, "—I said, "No, I am out early"—he said, "We have been to Westminster, and been in company, and did not know what time it was"—This conversation lasted about two minutes—they came walking on, one on each side of me—I saw both their face, and am quite certain of the prisoner—he then pinioned me—the prisoner put his arm round me, put his hand in my pocket, took out my money, and ran off directy—it was done in an instant—the prisoner did it all—the other man did nothing at all—both ran down Whitecross-street—the other turned up Beech-lane, and the prisoner down a court which has no thoroughfare, and was caught under a bed in house he ran into—I had called out" Whtch" and "Police"—I only lost a half-crown and a shilling—I thought at first I had lost all my money.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was it quite light? A. Yes—the prisoner ran away—I did not lose sight of him till he ran into the count; and I said I would not leave the court till I found him—I saw him taken right under the bedstead, dressed as he was at the time.





JAMES LEWIS
. I am watchman. I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and saw the prisoner running—I followed—he turned up St. Helen's-place, Lower Whitecross-street, which has no thoroughfac—I saw him go up there—I did not take him.





JAMES MILLER
. I am a watchman. I took the prisoner at No. 4, St. Helen's-place, under the bed derssed as he is now—he gave no account of himself—I found nothing on him.





THOMAS PINK
. I searched the prisoner, and found 1s. 6d.: but the women of the house he went into, locked him in the room, and went out—no half-crown was found.





JAMES MILLER

re-examined. There was a man and woman in the bed when I went in to look after the prisoner—they were undressed—it was not two minutes after he turned up the place that I took him.




GUILTY of stealing from the person only. Aged 19.



Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.

