



712. 




EDWARD JOHNSTONE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
7th of January, I mare, value 4l.; and I set of harness, value 1l.; the goods of 



Joseph Edwards.






WILLIAM SHILLINGFORD
. I am in the service of Joseph Edwards, a cowkeeper, in Luke-street, Mile-end. The prisoner lived in his service four months ago—on Monday, the 7th of January, I went to Hanbury's brew-house for a load of grains, and left the horse and cart standing, behind some others, in Great George-street—I pat a nose-bag on the horse—I was absent about a quarter of an hour—on returning, I found the mare and harness missing—the cart was left turned up, and the nose-bag in the tail of the cart—the mare was brought home on the Saturday—I found the harness on the following day at the Castle, Cow-cross, in care of the potboy.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. What sort of a mare it it? A. A bay mare—it is worth 4l. to my master, but not to sell—it stood next to Hanbury's premises.





WILLIAM NEWMAN
. I am nearly thirteen years old, and live with my father, in Queen-street, Brick-lane. On Monday, the 7th of January, about twenty minutes after five o'clock, I saw a bay mare, and cart, at the corner of George-street, Bethnal-green—the mare had ail the harness, and the nose-bag on—I saw the prisoner take the nose-bag off, put it in the tail of the cart, and lead the horse away, with the harness on it, down George-street—Shillingford came up in about a quarter of an hour, and I told him I had seen Johnstone take it.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you ever seen the prisoner before? A. Yes.; I am quite sure he is the person—I was eight or ten yards off—there was nobody going by at the time.





HENRY TOWILL
. I am a licensed horse-slaughterer, and live in Bowling-street, Clerk en well. On the 7th of January, between six and seven o'clock in the evening, the prisoner brought a bay mare to me, with a collar, hames, and bridle on, and asked me to buy her—I asked what was the matter with her—he said she had fallen down, going up Snow-hill, in a brick-cart, and had almost killed him—he asked 2l. for it—I bid him 30s., which he took—he took the bridle, collar, and hames off, and took

them away with him—the prosecutor's carman came next morning, and claimed her.

Cross-examined. Q. When did you give it up? A. On Saturday, the 9th of January—I thought I should lose if I kept her till the trial—the prisoner's mother came to my place with nine shillings, and said she came from Edward Johnstone—I told her if I took that I should consider it for the keep of the mare—I kept her five nights and four days—there was no arrangement made, that I was to receive 1l., to give it up to Mr. Edwards—I had appointed to give it up to him.





ROBERT HAINES
. I am pot-boy at the Castle, Cow-cross. On Monday, the 7th of January, the prisoner came there with a collar, hames, and bridle, and asked if he could leave it there till the morning—he had a pot of half-and-half there—before he came next morning, I heard that a horse and harness had been lost—he brought a man to sell it to, and I would not let it go—he said it was his father's—Mr. Edwards came to the house about a week after, and I gave it to him.





JOSEPH EDWARDS
. I am a cow-keeper. The prisoner lived with me as a labourer, five or six weeks last summer—I heard my mare and harness were stolen—I afterwards saw the mare at Towell's, and the harness at the Castle—they have been returned to me—Towell sent to me to say he had got the mare.

Cross-examined. Q. When did he send to you? A. On the Tuesday morning—he wished to detain it a few days to see if he could apprehend the prisoner—I had made no arrangement with the prisoner's mother about the matter, before it came home—I did not say if Towell would deliver it up, I would be satisfied, and not prosecute—I saw her, and her daughter was with her, but said nothing of the kind—I do not know of her pawning a cloak to pay for the horse.





DENNIS POWER
 (police-constable H 18.) On the 19th of January I apprehended the prisoner at his father's house in Hackney-road. I said, "I want you for stealing a mare, belonging to Mr. Edwards, on Monday night"—he said, "Yes, I done it, it is all right"—on our way to the station-house, he said he certainly took the mare, but did not take her out of the cart, that she was standing close to the cart, he took her away, and brought her to a knacker's, in Sharp's-alley, and offered her for sale, they offered him a sovereign, but he declined that, and went to Towell's, in Bowling-street, where he sold it for 30s., that he was half-drunk at the time, and was sorry for it.

Cross-examined. Q. By whose directions did you take him? A. Not by direction of any one—I had been after him, from the 7th to the 19th—I produce the harness—I have not threatened any one that if they came to give the prisoner a character, I would take them into custody—a chairmaker I know, living in Hackney-road, told me a few days back, that he was coming to give Johnstone a character, and asked if the trial would come on that day—I said no, for the bill was not found, and I told him to be cautious in giving him a character up to the present time, for he had committed felony, within a very short period of this time—he said he could not give him a character to the present time, but would do it till within five or six weeks—I do not recollect speaking to any body else—I have not used any means to prevent persons coming forward.





JOHN EDWARDS

re-examined. This is my harness—I know it perfectly well.






HENRY TOWELL

re-examined. Mrs. Johnstone and her daughter came to me several times—I do not know whether the daughter waited at my house while the cloak was pawned—I did not give her directions where to pawn it—she did not bring a cloak that I know of—I never saw her—there was no agreement that she should pledge it—I do not know Rosier's, the pawnbroker.

MR. PAYNE
called






MARTHA JOHNSTONE
. I am the prisoner's mother. On Saturday, the 12th of January, I went with my daughter to the witness Towell's, and paid him 9s.—I went to a friend of mine to lend me 1l.—she had no money, but she lent my daughter a cloak to raise the money—I went to Towell's with it—I showed it him, and told him I had no money, but I would go and get all I could on the cloak—I then went and pawned it at Hosier's, in Turnmill-street—my daughter stopped at Towell's while I went to pawn it—I took Towell the 9s., and showed him the ticket—I promised in the course of the week to pay him the rest, 11s.—after I paid the 9s. he ordered his brother-in-law to fetch the horse; and deliver it up to my little boy—I went home with it, and saw it delivered up to Mr. Edwards—Towell's brother-in-law went too—we left the horse at the corner of the street, and went to ask Mr. Edwards if he would be any thing towards the remainder of the money—he said no, but he would give the little boy a shilling for bringing it home—I had been to Mr. Edwards that morning, before I paid the 9s., and he said all he wanted was his horse and harness.





ANN JOHNSTONE
. I went with my mother to Towell's, on Saturday, the 12th of January. I borrowed a cloak of a young woman to get the 9s. on—I stopped at Towell's house while my mother went and pawned it—I saw her pay Towell 9s., and 11s. more was to be paid in the course of a week—we then went to Mr. Edwards with the horse and saw him—he got his horse back—he said when he had his harness back he should be perfectly satisfied—my brother was taken into custody nearly a week after, at our house.





HENRY TOWELL
 re-examined, I took 9s.—I know nothing about 11s. more to be paid—that is not true—I had agreed before to deliver it up to the prosecutor—I took the 9s. for the keep—this was the same day on which I had agreed to deliver it up—I knew it was stolen—I sent it to the prosecutor by my brother-in-law.
(WILLIAM MAY, bricklayer and plasterer; and James Benton, dyer and scowerer, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. † Aged 32.—


Transported for Ten Years.
