







1689. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     CLEMENTS
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     STAMP
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     HARDING
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of July
, 1 cart-saddle, value 30s., and 1 breeching, value 20s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Smith
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  HOWE
               



            . I am servant to Mr. Henry Smith, a wine-merchant
. I left this cart-saddle and breeching in his stable on the 14th of July, and locked the stable-door in the evening; I went the next morning at eight o'clock - the stable was unlocked, and there was a piece of hay or straw to keep the door from opening; these articles were then gone - they are my master's property; I have seen the prisoners about there.


                  JAPHETH 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am an officer. On the 15th of July I was on duty, and saw Stamp coming along with these articles on his shoulder, in a sack - the other two prisoners were eight or ten yards from him; I asked what was in the sack, and desired him to shoot it out, which he did - he said he had brought them from Mr. Giles a saddler. in the Borough, and he was going to take them to Mr. Smith, a rubbish-carter - the other two then came over, and confirmed his account; I said, "You must go with me to the station-house" - I went to Mr. Smith, and he said it did not belong to him; he is a rubbish-carter, and lives in Vauxhall-road - I then went to a collar-maker who he said he got it from, and took one of the initials; he said he did not know it - I then took the prisoner before the magistrate, and the witness swore to the property.
Harding's Defence. I was going over to Gravel-lane- a man came, and asked me to assist him; I was coming along the road, and saw these prisoners - I did not know any thing of them; I went over to see what it was.
Clements's Defence. I was working with Harding - I went down to the watch-house with Stamp, and they locked me in.
Stamp's Defence. I went to Mr. Johnson's to get work, and a man asked me to carry this to Westminsterbridge.
CLEMENTS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 21.
STAMP - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 22.
HARDING - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 35.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
