



648. 




JOHN MASON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of January, 1 £50 Bank-note, the property of 



James Wilson, his master.






GEORGE GRAY
. I am clerk to James Wilson, a hat-manufacturer, living in Holland-street, Blackfriars-road. The prisoner had been his

errand-boy for two weeks—I received a 50l. Bank-note from Drewett and Co., No. 13,789, dated the 19th of November, 1834—it was Mr. Wilson's money—I gave it to him, and he enclosed it in a letter, and sealed it, but nobody saw him do it—it was on Thursday, the 8th of January—I entered the note in the cash-book—Mr. Wilson, that evening, gave me a sealed letter, which I suppose contained that note—it was directed to Mr. John H. How, to the care of John Wilson and Co., hat-manufacturers, Denton, Lancashire—I directed the prisoner to take care of it, as it was valuable, and contained money, and to be sure and put it into the post-office—on the Saturday, I was at Mrs. Colston's, and she showed me a 50l. note, which I knew to be the note I mentioned—Mr. Wilson is in town, but not in attendance—I have not a doubt of the note being the same—the prisoner came back that day, and remained till Saturday, and then left without notice—he was taken at the Northumberland Arms.





MARY COLSTON
. I keep the Northumberland Arms, Holland-street, Blackfriars-road. The prisoner came to me on the 8th of January for change for this 50l. note—he said he came from Mr. Wilson's, and said, "Please to give Mr. Gray change for a 50l. note"—I had given him change the Saturday before for the firm, and knowing he lived there, I gave him thirty sovereigns, a 10l. note in two halves, and two 5l. notes—I had changed the same 10l. note for Mr. Gray the Saturday before, and the prisoner had brought it—I told him to tell Mr. Gray it was the note I had received from him on Saturday—I have the 50l. note now.





GEORGE GRAY

re-examined. This is the same note—he was apprehended on the 13th of January—we have recovered 4l. 2s. 6d., and an old watch.





JOHN RIGBY
. I am a hatter, and work for Mr. Wilson. I saw the prisoner come into the public-house where I was, and ask for change for a £50 note for Mr. Gray—the landlady went up stairs, brought the change down, gave it him, and told him to tell Gray the £10 note was the one she had received from him on the Saturday before—he said "Very well"—he went out with the money in his hand, and before he went out he said, "If I should run away with this money, what a funk they would be in"—he then walked out.
(Thomas Hacker, hat-dyer, Union-street, Borough; and John Streatham, a hatter, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 18.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Second Jury, before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.
