



1022. 




JOHN PEARCE
 was indicted

for feloniously receiving, on the 
1st of March, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch chain, value 1s.; and 2 watch keys, value 6d.; the goods of 



Samuel Nicholls' which had lately before been stolen by an evil-disposed person, he well knowing the same to have been stolen.






SAMUEL NICHOLAS
. I am out of business. I was in Worship-square about half-past one o'clock in the day on the 1st of March, going home—I met a man who snatched out my watch, chain, and seals, and ran down Worship-street—I called "Stop thief," and some persons pursued, but I could not, as I am lame—I went to the pawnbrokers, and gave notice—I saw my watch the same evening.






JOHN BOARDS
. I am a pawnbroker, and live at No. 42, Shoreditch—on the 1st of March, about ten minutes before four o'clock, the prisoner brought this watch to me to pledge—he asked 30s. on it—I looked at it very hard, and said to my wife, "This is the watch I have received information about"—the prisoner said, "You have had it before for 30s.—you can lend 30s. on it"—I said, "How came you by it?"—he said it was his own, and he had given 3l. for it, that he had had it six months, and pawned it several times for 30s.—I came to the front to look for an officer, and gave him in charge.

Prisoner. He asked me to tell him the truth, where the watch came from—I said, "A young man, a sailor, stands at the door, who asked me to pawn it, and he said, "If they ask any questions, tell them they have had it before.' "

Witness. I did not ask him to tell the truth.





WILLIAM WEBB
 (police-constable H 42.) I took the prisoner, and produce this watch—Mr. Boards said, in the hearing of the prisoner, that he had offered it in pledge; and he had received information of one that was stolen, and thought that was it—the prisoner said a man at the door gave it him, and said he would give him 1s. to pledge it for him—there was a young man stood at the door when we came out—the prisoner looked at him. and said that he was not the man.

Prisoner's Defence. I was drawn into the foolishly—the young man appeared to me be a sailor—he was 16 or 17 years of age—I was on a sick bed for several days before—I have lived in that neighbourhood for twenty years.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Seven Years.
