





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
1861. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     MANSFIELD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of October
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           George 
                           Wollett
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
MR. GEORGE WOLLETT. I am a woollen-draper
, and live at No. 92, Holborn-hill. On the 20th of October, between seven and eight o'clock in the evening, I was in Hosier-lane


, and had a handkerchief in my outside coat pocket - I had left home about five minutes, and had my handkerchief safe then; I did not fell it go from me - I suspected it was taken from my pocket, and suspicion fell on the prisoner, who I saw in company with another man; I stepped forward, collared him, and said he had picked my pocket, and almost immediately I saw him take the handkerchief from under his coat, and drop it on the ground; I saw it drop from him - it was picked up, and given to me by a friend, who was with me; it was mine, and the one I had when I left home; the other person went away - I am quite certain I had seen him in company with the prisoner; he had stopped probably half a minute after I stopped the prisoner - I had laid hold of him, but could not manage two; the handkerchief dropped from the prisoner - I have had it ever since.(Property produced and sworn to.)


                  WILLIAM 
                  PEARCE
               



            . I am an officer. Mr. Wollett had collared the prisoner before I came up - he came down to the end of Skinner-street, and gave the prisoner into my charge, for picking his pocket of a handkerchief.
Prisoner's Defence. I was turning the corner of Hosier-lane-several persons were passing up and down; the gentleman turned round, and looked me very hard in the face, but I went on taking no notice - the gentleman came along, collared me, and charged me with taking his handkerchief, which I told him was false; he struck me, knocked me down, and gave me into custody.
GUILTY. Aged 16.




               Recommended to Mercy by the Prosecutor
            .




               Transported for Life
            .
