





127. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     JARVIS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 29th of November
, 4 shirts, value 2l.; 1 shift, value 2s.; 6 petticoats, value 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 13s.; 3 frocks, value 3s.; 3 night-gowns, value 4s.; 4 pinafores, value 1s.; 3 flannel petticoats, value 2s.; 4 stocks, value 1s.; 3 towels, value 1s.; 1 napkin, value 1s.; 1 cap, value 1s. 6d.; 8 handkerchiefs, value 12s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 7s., and 1 piece of cotton, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Charles 
                     Baxter
                  




               
            .


                  MARY 
                  GARDINER
               



            . I live in Grove-street, Camden-town - I take in washing, and fetch it from town in a cart. On the 29th of November I was in the cart; a man named Priestly was driving it - I had a basket, containing these articles, which belonged to Mr. Charles Baxter; it was dirty linen - I had been watching it all up the Edgware-road


; my attention was drawn off for a moment to speak to the man, and all on a sudden I missed my basket -I told the man; he jumped down immediately, and in about five minutes the Policeman brought the basket and the prisoner.


                  JOSEPH 
                  PRIESTLY
               



            . I was driving the cart. Mrs. Gardiner said the basket was gone - I got down; a boy asked if I had missed any thing; I said Yes - he said a man had got into a coach - I ran up to the coach, and the prisoner jumped out; I made a grasp at him, but he got from me, and was taken by the Policeman.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Did not you say before the Magistrate that you could not swear to him? A. No; it was about eight o'clock in the evening, in Oxford-street, there were a great many persons about - I am quite sure the person I saw get out of the coach, not off the box; I had never seen him before.


                  HENRY 
                  GALE
               



            . I am the proprietor of No. 1126, hackney chariot. I was on the stand between Orchard-street and Portman-street, on the night in question - I saw my near side door shut; a man got on the box, and desired me to go on - I was going on when Priestley asked me if I had any thing, or any body inside; I said I did not know - the man on the box then got down and ran off; I got down, saw the door open, and this basket of linen inside - I staid with the chariot, and the prisoner was brought back; I do not know who had been in the chariot.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Then a person got on the box? A. Yes.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  McCARTHY
               



            . I was at my door, near Oxford-road, and saw the prisoner run through some buildings from where the chariot was - I followed, and stopped him down a mews; I asked what he had done - he said,"Let me go;" Priestley then came up, and said he had stolen a basket of linen - I said, "Where is it?" he said,"In a hackney coach in Oxford-street."
MRS. GARDINER. This is the basket of linen.
Cross-examined. Q. How do you know the prosecutor's name? A. His sisters call him 
               
                  Charles 
                  Baxter
               



            , and he writes it so.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
