



345. 




JAMES CONNER
 was indicted

 for a misdemeanor.






WILLIAM ROSE
. I am a brewer, and live at Ilford, in Essex. I had been swindled out of three barrels of ale—on the 22nd of November I came to town, and met with the prisoner at the Horse and Groom in Hosier-lane—he was quite a stranger to me—he stated he was a police-inspector—I asked if he knew a person who had lately left Ilford—he said he did—I came to town again on the 28th—and saw the prisoner at the Fortune of War, St. Sepulchre's—he then asked me for a pound—I gave him

a sovereign—that was in consequence of his representing himself as an inspector of police, and that he could get the casks I had lost—he said he would obtain the warrants for the persons—he said he had Fawcett and Reynolds in custody—we then parted—on the following Sunday he came to my house at Ilford—he stated that Fawcett was gone to Maidstone, and he was going on Monday after him, and he had engaged to give Broad a sovereign to go with him to recognise Fawcett, and his expenses would be about 30s.—I gave him a sovereign and a half—he came to me again, and said he had brought Fawcett to town, and he gave me orders to meet him at the Fortune of War—I went there with my witness—I saw the prisoner—the took me aside and said he wanted to speak to me—he took me to a house in Clerkenwell which was shut up—he said, in coming back, that if I would give him 2l. more, he would get the necessary papers—I gave it him—he then came back and said the prisoners were at Giltspur-street, on bail—he had 6l. of me in all.

Prisoner. Q. Where did you first see me? Witness. In the Horse and Groom—I asked you if you knew Reynolds, Broad, and Fawcett—you said you knew Fawcett—you took me to Mitchell-street.





WILLIAM FEATHERSTONSHAUGH
. I am a brewer, and live at Layton. In consequence of my being swindled, I was at Mr. Rose's house on the 2nd of December—I saw the prisoner—he said he had been to Maidstone and taken Fawcett—that he had brought him to town, and he had found the casks, which had been sold for 5s., and that Fawcett had offered him 50l. to compromise the matter, and we were to meet him at the Fortune of War.

Prisoner. Q. Did I tell you that I had been to Maidstone? A. Yes; in the evening, at Mr. Rose's house, and he gave you 30s.





HENRY CHAMPION
. I am a baker. I had been defrauded by Fawcett—I attended at the Fortune of War—I saw the prisoner sitting there—he called the prosecutor out—the prisoner had stated that he was an inspector—I went out to make inquiries, and they said he was not—I came back, and he said he was an inspector of the St. Sepulchre division—I asked him the number of his division—he said he did not wear numbers on his coat—I then asked him if Fawcett was at the Compter—he said he was—I went to inquire, and he was not—I then got an officer and took the prisoner.





JONAS M'GURRIN
. I keep the Horse and Groom in Hosier-lane. On the 29th of November, the prisoner came to me and said he would give me 10l. to find out these persons—I said I knew nothing about them—he said, "How can you say so when you have got the barrels in your cellar?"—he came again on the 1st of December, and said he would give me 20l. to find those persons.

Prisoner. Q. Did I offer you the 10l.? A. Yes; I did not tell you I knew the parties—I have not seen you at my house before.





JOHN CARLOS
. I am a patrol of St. Sepulchre. The prisoner is not an Inspector there, and never has been since I have been there, which is three years—he was admitted as a bye man on the 20th of September, and was suspended on the 28th of November.

Prisoners Defence. I was informed that Fawcett was in custody in the Compter the night before—I should have got the parties if the warrant had been granted the next day—Crawley was the man to whom I was going to give the warrant—they are to be taken now.





MR. JOHN TEAGUE
. I am the keeper of Giltspur-street Compter. On

the 5th of December I was called on to examine my book—I had no person of the name of Fawcett in my custody.

JURY
to
JOHN CARLOS. Q. Was the suspension of the prisoner made known to him on the 28th of November? A. Yes; he was told of it that night, it was for being intoxicated.

COURT
to
WILLIAM ROSE. Q. Are you sure that the prisoner stated that Fawcett was in custody? A. Yes.





OBADIAH CLARK
. On the 5th of December, I heard the prisoner say that he was an inspector, and that Fawcett was in custody. I went to inquire, and no such person was there.

Prisoner. I did not say I was an inspector—I was informed there was a person named Fawcett in custody.




GUILTY
. † Aged 48.—


Transported for Seven Years.
