





2446. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     KNIGHT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of October
, 1 tunic value, 2s.; 1 waistcoat, value 3s.; 1 scarf, value 7s., and 2 belts, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           William Henry 
                           Williams
                        



                     
                  ; 3 jackets, value 3s.: 1 waistcoat, value 1s., and 1 shirt, value 1s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Richard 
                           Hughes
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 dressing-case, value 2s., and 1 coat, value 18s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Samuel 
                           Johnson
                        



.


                  JEREMIAH 
                  MURPHY
               



            . I am a labourer, and live in Goswell-street; I am a night watchman at Sadler's-wells


. On the 14th of October I went there about ten minutes before my usual time - I put my hand to the back door, which leads into Arlington-street


, and it flew open; I found the prisoner inside, with a bundle in his hand; I laid hold of him - he immediately dropped it; it contained the articles stated in the indictment; he was quite a stranger.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I am a Policeman. I received the prisoner in charge; I think I had seen him lurking about the theatre at different times.


                  FRANCIS 
                  CAPRANI
               



            . I was engaged at Sadler's-wells; some things in this bundle belong to Mr. Williams and others: there are four proprietor
s - the things were kept in the dressing-room.
SAMUEL JOHNSON. I am a performer
. This dressing-case and coat are mine; I have seen all these other things worn by the different performers.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was in distress, and went to the theatre to sleep all night - I found the things tied in the bundle.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
