





854. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     NASH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of February
, 8 spoons, value 28s.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 5s., and 2lbs. of pork, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        Samuel 
                        Sanders
                     



                  ; and 2 spoons, value 16s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Sarah Eliza 
                     Sanders
                  



               
            .
SARAH ELIZA SANDERS. My father, Samuel Sanders, keeps the Three Tuns public-house, at Twickenham




. On the 20th of February, at eight o'clock in the morning, I came down from my bed-room and found one of the back windows open, which I am sure had been kept shut the whole week before; I missed some pork from the pantry, and some table-spoons and tea-spoons had been taken from the bar, and some other things - the prisoner had worked at our premises five or six years before, and he had come to the house the week before this.


                  JOHN 
                  COPER FALKARD
               



            . I am a pawnbroker, and live at Brentford. On the 20th of February, about twelve o'clock, the prisoner brought these four table-spoons, and asked me 1l. on them; I saw he was in liquor and without a hat, and as I received information from my youngman that some tea-spoons had been pawned by him the same morning, I detained him.


                  HUGH 
                  SANDELAND
               



             (Police-constable E 80.) I received the prisoner at the station; I found on him a duplicate of six silver tea-spoons, a piece of pork, a pair of pincers, and 14s. 0 1/2d.(Property produced and sworn to.)
The prisoner put in written Defence, stating that a man had overtaken him on the road to Brentford, and requested him to pledge the spoons for him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 32. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
