





1178. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     EDWARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22d of June
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Arthur 
                           Fry
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            . (See Sixth Sess. p. 566.)


                  ARTHUR 
                  FRY
               



            . I am a hat manufacturer
, and live in Type-street, Finsbury. On the 22d of June, between four and five o'clock, I was passing along Chiswell-street


; I was told something, and pursued the prisoner for about a quarter of a mile - just before I got up to him I found my handkerchief, which I identified as my property - this is it - it has my name at full length on it; I had used it in the course of the day - I said to the prisoner, "Now, I have got you;" he said he would go down on his knees to beg my pardon, if I would let him go.
Prisoner. Q. Was not the handkerchief at the corner of a street, and I was at the distance of this Court from it? A. It was within a very few yards of you - a gentleman stopped you till I came up; I did not see any one else running who could have dropped it.


                  JAMES 
                  LANGHAM
               



            . I was standing at our shop, and saw the prisoner and another person walking behind Mr. Fry, the other person took the handkerchief form Mr. Fry's pocket, and gave it to the prisoner; I crossed the road, and told Mr. Fry - the prisoner ran, I pursued him till he was taken - I saw him take the handkerchief from his breeches pocket and drop it.
Prisoner. Q. Where were you standing when it was dropped? A. I was running down the street after you.

EDWARD MACDONALD (City police-constable No. 78.) I took the prisoner, and have the handkerchief.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
