





OLD COURT. MONDAY, MAY 16.
First Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Sergeant 
               Arabin
            .
1122. 
               
                  
                     SUSAN 
                     RYDER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of April
, 2 rings, value 6s.; 1 pair of earrings, value 6s.; 1 handkerchief, value 4s.; 1 half-crown, 1 shilling, and 1 sixpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Mary 
                           Beney
                        




                     
                  ; and that she had been before convicted of felony
            .


                  MARY 
                  BENEY
               



            . I lodge in Brighton-street


 - Mr. Searl keeps the house; I have lodged there for two years. On the 21st of April I got into trouble about a quarrel, and was taken before a Magistrate - I procured bail, and returned home; the prisoner had been a servant
 in the house eight days; I had locked my door, and given her the key to take care of - I was absent from nine o'clock in the morning till nine at night, and on returning she was in bed; she gave me my key - I unlocked the door, and next morning I missed the articles stated in the indictment from a small box under the bed, which was unlocked; I suspected her, and at last charged her with it - she denied it; I informed Mrs. Pope, who lives in the house; I twice told the prisoner if she had any thing shemight go, but she denied all knowledge of it - Mrs. Pope searched her in my presence, and found concealed under her shift the handkerchief, and the other property in her bosom; I lost half a crown, which she acknowledged she had changed.


                  SARAH 
                  POPE
               



            . I lodge in the house. The prisoner was accused of stealing these articles - she denied any knowledge of them; I at last searched her, and found the ear-rings, two finger rings, half a crown, a shilling, and sixpence in her bosom, and the handkerchief pinned under her shift, round her waist.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOODYEAR
               



            . I am a Policeman. I asked Mrs. Pope to search the prisoner - I took the handkerchief myself from under her shift; she acknowledged having taken a 5s. piece and changed it.(Property produced and sworn to.)
GEORGE KNOX. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction (read) - I remember her being tried here, and gave evidence against her; I am sure she is the woman.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 47. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
