



853. 




JOSEPH HUDSON
 was indicted

for unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously assaulting 



Thomas Winkley, on the 
10th of January, and cutting and wounding him upon his head, with intent to maim and disable him.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to do him some grievous bodily harm.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS WINKLEY
. I am a horse slaughterer, and live in Green-street, Borough. The prisoner has been in my service—I had occasion to discharge him, and afterwards preferred a charge of breach of the peace against him for threatening my life, but his wife interceded for him, and I did not prosecute—that is about three months ago—he lived in one of my little houses—I had taken proceedings to get possession of it, but had offered him no offence whatever up to the 10th of January—about a quarter to five o'clock on that evening, I was coming from my house to the opposite premises, and saw the prisoner coming up the street—he hallooed out, "Hoy, stop, I want you"—I was opening my gate, and he came up and knocked my hat off with a stick, and said, "How do you like that, where is Mr. Pople?"—(the prisoner had been to my house in the early part of the day and ill-used me and Mr. Pople, who was in the house at the time, had rescued me from him)—I was in the act of stooping to pick my hat up, and he struck me across the head with this stick (produced) several times, as hard as he could—it broke on my head, and while doing so he said, "I have got a little sharper instrument that that for you"—I think it has been a prop—Brady, one of my men, came to my assistance, and led me out of the yard—the blows cut my head—I was almost drowned in blood—Mr. Newth attended me and is doing so still—I am forty-nine years old.





JOHN BRADY
. I was at work in the prosecutor's yard on Thursday the 10th of January—I saw the prisoner come—he brandished this stick over his head, and requested Mr. Winkley to fetch Mr. Pople to him, that he was then prepared with a stick—he wished to fight the prosecutor, and said he was prepared with a sharper instrument if necessary—he knocked the prosecutor's hat off and said, "D—your eyes, what will you do now?"—while the prosecutor was in the act of picking up his hat, the prisoner struck him on the head with the stick, with all his might, three times—I do not know whether the blows all fell on his head, but some did, for I saw the blood flow in torrents from his head—I assisted him across the yard.





GEORGE ELISHA NEWTH
. I am a surgeon, and live in Great Suffolk-street. I was sent for to the prosecutor, on Thursday evening, at five o'clock—I examined his head and found an extensive contused wound, about three inches long, bleeding very profusely on the left-side of the scalp near the temple—it appeared to be produced by a round blunt instrument, like that produced, it would produce just such a wound—he lost a considerable quantity of blood—in my judgment I should consider it a very serious

wound—he has hardly recovered the effects of it now—he has been under my care ever since—the skull was laid bare, it was a ragged braised wound. WILLIAM TAYLOR (police-constable M 14.) I was called to take the prisoner into custody—he was running up the street at the time, and went into a public-house—I followed him in, and as soon as he saw me he took up this stick to make a blow at me—I immediately took him by the collar and took the stick from him—I took him to the station-house, and found this clasp-knife on him.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going down Green-street that day, and saw Mr. Pople and Mr. Winkley standing together—I was rather in liquorone of them, I do not know which, said, "Here comes this vagabond"—I asked them what made them call me a vagabond—the prosecutor said, "You scoundrel, get out of my sight"—I wanted to know the reason of his calling me that name, and he said to Mr. Pople, "Knock him on the head with your stick"—Mr. Pople hit me a blow on my head, and I staggered and fell, being drunk—I went away about ten yards and got a stick—I then returned and said, "Now I am ready"—I made a strike at Mr. Pople, and accidentally hit Mr. Winkley, but not intentionally—I made sure to hit Mr. Pople, and had no intention at all to strike Mr. Winkley.





THOMAS WINKLEY

re-examined. What he has stated is false—he came to me while I was in-doors—I went out to him, and he said, "I want to know about this 4l., and counting-house crack"—I had had my counting-house broken open about a week before, but bad never charged him with it—I said, "I do not want any thing to say to you"—he caught hold of my neck-cloth, and dragged me out into the street—Mr. Pople come out and said, "Do you want to murder the man?"—the prisoner got up in a fighting attitude to Pople, and made a hit at him—Pople warded it off and struck him, but did not knock him down—he came up again to Pople in a fighting attitude, and Pople struck him on the side of the head with a stick—it was twenty minutes after that that he came with this stick and did what I have described—we had had our tea in the meantime—his house is about fifty yards from mine—Mr. Pople was not present when my head was cut—the prisoner could not have hit me by mistake.





RICHARD POPLE
. I was at the prosecutor's house on the day in question—Mr. Winkley called me out, and I found the prisoner had got the prosecutor on his back on the pavement, and had his hand at his throat—I rescued him—the prisoner then got up and began to fight with me, and I struck him—he then went away and I also—I was not present when the prosecutor was struck afterwards—he came to me with his head covered with blood.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
