



685. 




DENNIS M'CARTHY
, alias Green, was indicted

 for that he, having been convicted as a common utterer of counterfeit coin, did afterwards, on the 
7th of January, feloniously utter and put off a counterfeit half-crown to 



Charles Palmer, well knowing it to be counterfeit.


MR. CRESWELL
conducted the Prosecution.






CALEB EDWARD POWELL
. I am assistant solicitor to the Mint. I produce a copy of the record of the conviction of Dennis M' Carthy in June Sessions 1833, for uttering counterfeit coin—I have examined it with original, it is a true copy (read.)





DANIEL SULLIVAN
 (police-constable K 127.) I was present when the prisoner was tried in 1833, at Clerkenwell, for uttering a bad shilling—I was the constable who took him, and I am certain he is the man.





CHARLES PALMER
. I keep the Anti-Gallican and Star in the Borough. On the 7th of January, soon after nine o'clock in the evening, I saw the prisoner at my bar with one or two men, idling about—they did not seem to want any thing, till I got very busy—the prisoner then came and asked for a quartern of gin—one of them drank it—it came to four pence—the prisoner gave me half a crown—it looked very suspicious, but in consequence of being pressed with customers waiting, and there being only myself at the bar—I with a great deal of reluctance put it into the till-there was no other half-crown in the till, and only a few shillings and six-pence—I gave the prisoner 2s. 2d., change, and they drank the gin—I be lieve between the three—in consequence of what my daughter said to me, about five or fix minutes after, I took the half-crown out of the till, and saw it was a very bad one—in about ten minutes the prisoner came again to the bar for another quartern of gin; he had one man with him, but whether fee had two I cannot say, as so many people were about the bar—I served him he then gave me another bad half-crown—I looked at him and in stantly saw it was the same man—I said, "This is a bad half-crcwn"—he said he did not know it was a bad one, and gave me a good one out of his hand I kept them both—I sent for a policeman and delivered the two bad once to him, desiring him to mark them—I took the prisoner into the kitchen, and he was searched, but nothing was found on him but a bit of tobacco and paper—I cannot tell what became of the 2s. 2d., I had given him.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Are you quite sure it was not More than five or six minutes, between your putting the first half-crown into the till and your daughter speaking to you? A. It was not more than that—I noticed the prisoner particularly the first time I served him—and the second time also—he had not left the house—I expected him to give me another half-crown for the bad one—I went round to prevent his going out—the other person who was with him went out—I did not lay hold of the prisoner—he asked several times for the change, but I would not give it him—he did not try to get away—I did not give him a chance.





PETER O'NEAL
 (police-constable M 99.) On the 7th January, the prisoner was given into ray custody by Mr. Palmer, with two bad half-crowns, which I produce—I took him into the kitchen, and searched him, but found no coin whatever on him.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you put any marks on the half-crowns? A. No, not till he was committed on the 14th.

MR. CRESWELL. Q. Had you mixed them with any others? A. No—I swear they are the same.





JOHN FIELD
. I am inspector of coin to the Mint. I have examined the half-crowns—they are both counterfeit, and I believe both cast in the same mould—they are made of Britannia metal.

Cross-examined. Q. Is there any difference in their appearance? A.I do not perceive any—they are both equally bad.




GUILTY
. Aged 25.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.


Before Mr. Common Sergeant.
