




1751. 




MARY ANN WHITE
 and 




BRIDGET HILL
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
28th of July, 1 watch, value 6l. 10s.; 1 sovereign; 4 half-crowns; 1 sixpence; and 2 1/2d. in copper money; the goods and monies of 



George Fowler.






GEORGE FOWLER
. I am a servant out of place, and live at Hescott, near York, when I am at home. Between twelve and one o'clock on the night of the 28th of July, I met the prisoners in Thames-street, and went to a house with them near London-bridge—we did not go over the bridge—I went to bed with them both, and stopped till between five and six o'clock next morning; and when I awoke, my watch and money were gone, and the prisoners as well—it was a silver watch, worth 6l. 10s., a sovereign, two or three half-crowns, and some odd silver—I had put my watch on the table over-night, and my money into my trowsers pocket—I have since seen the watch—I never saw the prisoners before—I am certain of them—I was in their company for an hour before I went to bed.

White. I never saw him till he was a Bow-street.

COURT. Q. Were you sober? A. I was not tipsy—I had been drinking, but not much.






JOHN LAURANCE
. I am a Policeman. On Tuesday, the 28th of July, about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, I was on duty in Drury-lane, and saw white walking near King-street—I saw something shining in her hand—she concealed it under her shawl on seeing me—I went up, and asked what it was—was—she said it was nothing to me—I took it from her, and found it was the watch—she said it was her mother's who lived in the New Cut, and who would give me every satisfaction how she came by it—I went to the maker, and found out the prosecutor—I wrote to Doncaster after him, on the Wednesday following he appeared against the prisoners—White had two shawls and a bonnet on—another constable—White was not in liquor, in my judgement.





THOMAS WILLIAM CARTER
. I am a Policeman. On Tuesday morning, the 28th of July, I apprehended Hill in castle-street, Long-acre, very much intoxicated and disorderly—I searched her, and found on her a sovereign, four half-crowns, a sixpence, and five halfpence, in the sleeve of her gown.





GEORGE FOWLER

re-examined. This is my watch—I bought it of Watts, in North Audley-street—I lost a sovereign, two or three half-crowns, a shilling, and two sixpences—I do not recollect having four half-crowns—I am certain the prisoners are the woman—I am more positive of Hill than the other, but I swear to them both—I was in the room about half an hour before I fell asleep.

JURY. Q. Where had you been? A. I was going down by the steam-packet, which was to sail next morning; but I was going on board at night, as it started at half-past six o'clock in the morning—I was not tipsy, but I found the gate of the Custom-House locked, and could not go on board—I met the prisoners in Thames-street, and went with them, meaning to return at six o'clock in the morning, I did, and went off by the packet.

White's Defence. I was not near London-bridge that night—I was with some females, and was in liquor—I awoke in the station-house, and the policeman charged me with having the watch: but how I came by ot, I do not know—I never saw the gentleman before he was at Bow-street.

Hill's Defence. I never saw the man before—I had the money from a gentleman who saw me very much in distress the night before.

WHITE—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

HILL—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.




Transported for seven years.
