





185. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MURRELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 14th of November
, 4 half-crowns, the monies of 
                     
                        William 
                        Jacks
                     




                  , from his person
            .
WILLIAM JACKS. I live in Mary-street, Stepney. On the 14th of November I was returning home through Old-street-road


 - the prisoner accosted me, and endeavoured in prevail on me to go down a dark turning in the street; I objected - she then commenced taking liberties with me, which I did not think proper to encourage; she threw her arms round my waist - I told her to desist, as I wanted to go home; she let go and walked away from me for two or three minutes; I then put my hand into my waistcoat pocket, which, two or three minutes before had contained four half-crowns and some halfpence, and it was gone - I turned back and ran after her; I came up with her in company with another woman, about a hundred yards from where I had seen her before; I took hold of them both, and gave them both into custody - I had been drinking, but was quite sensible of what was passing; I had been to my club, in John-street, and then to the Lord Nelson, and about twenty minutes before I left the Lord 
               Nelson
             I saw the four half-crowns safe in my waistcoat pocket, with some half-pence; I told the officer I had been robbed of four or five half-crowns - I saw four half-crowns produced from the prisoner's person.


                  JAMES 
                  THOMSON
               



            . I took the prisoner - I found on her four half-crowns, some halfpence, and one farthing; the prosecutor seemed a little fresh, but perfectly sensible - before I searched the prisoner she said she had nothing at all but two or three halfpence; when I had searched her and found the half-crowns, she said."I did not think proper to tell you what I had;" she said the money was her own, and some gentleman, a friend of hers, had given it her - she said in Pitfield-street that she had seen the prosecutor, but did not take any thing from him.


                  JOHN 
                  COOK
               



            . I am landlord of the Lord Nelson. I changed a sovereign for the prosecutor, about six o'clock that evening - he owed me 3s. 3d., and he spent 8d.; I gave him six half-crowns, one shilling, and one penny-piece - he came again about five minutes past eight, but had nothing at that time; his master had given them a supper that night.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JOHN SMITH
               



            . I am a member of a club which is held at the Angel, in John-street; I saw the prosecutor there between six and seven o'clock that night, and he paid me half a crown.


                  HENRY 
                  JONES
               



            . I live in Phillips-street. St. George's. Between seven and eight o'clock that night the prisoner changed a half-crown at my bar, and received 2s. 2d.
Prisoner's Defence. I went as far as Charing-cross, and met a gentlemen I have not seen for several years, and he gave me that trifle of silver - I returned and met a female; I was in conversation with her, and this gentleman came up very tipsy; he ran against us, and turned round to say some bad word - he then said, "You are the person who robbed me" - I said, "Go along;" he called the officer; they found the four half-crowns which the gentleman had given me - the prosecutor said he had lost five half-crowns, and at Worship-street he said it was only four half-crowns, when be found what I had in my pocket.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JACKS
               



            . I said four or five to the best of my recollection.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
