



1421. 




JAMES GOODWIN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
10th of May, 4 combs, value 6s.; 1 handkerchief, va leu 3s. 9d.; 1 neckerchief, value 1s. 6d.; 8 yards of lace, value 2s.; 150 hair-pins, value 1s.; 1 pencil-case, value 5s.; 1 pair of gloves, value 2s.; 1 purse, value 6d.; and 6 shillings; the goods and monies of 



Elizabeth Pasquier, from her person.






ELIZABETH PASQUIER
. I live at Kensall-green, with my father and mother. I was walking in the Harrow-road, between six and seven o'clock, on the 10th of May, alone—it is about ten minute's walk from my house—I had a bag in my hand, which contained the articles stated—this is it—it was on my arm—there was a man walking a few yards before me—he stopped till I passed him—he then came round to the other side, and pulled my bag—I held it for about two minutes, and then let it go—he pulled the bag, and I held it against him, and that pulled me across the road—we were about two minutes together—I cannot say I should know

him again, I was so frightened—when he had got the bag he went towards Kilburn—I cried out—I saw, I believe, two persons at a distance coming up—one of them pursued the man.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. I believe they trade the prisoner put his hat on at the office to see whether you knew him? A. Yes—I could not swear to him—I was very much frightened.





THOMAS LATHAM
. I am a carpenter, and live in Wattt's Mews, John-street, Edgeware-road, At half-past six o'clock that evening I was coming from Kensall-Green towards London—on the banks of the canal—I passed the prisoner on the bank, going from London, I had seen him numbers of times before—after I had passed from eighty to a hundred yards, I turned round, and he was struggling with a lady for her bag—he pulled her across the road—there was no one near, except myself and an old gentleman—he succeeded in getting the beg, and I ran across the fields after him she was as hard as he could—I cried, "Stop thief"—I perceived two labourers running in the field to the right of me—the prisoner was making an angular direction—these men ran after him by my crying out, and of them came near him, and he threw the hag away—I am able to swear he is the man who was struggling with the lady and ran away.

Cross-examined. Q. How is it you know him? A. By seeing him, he his feature and dress—I did not know him to speak to him—I had never seen him at any work—I did not know his name, nor where he lived—I should think I had seen him a hundred times—I did not say at the office that it was by his coat and trowsers I knew him—I described him as having on a fustian coat and light-coloured trowsers and I went on to say I knew him by his features—what I said was taken down and read over to me.





CHARLES LANGLEY
. I am a labourer, and live at Marsden Green. I had been watering the roads at Kilburn, from six to seven o'clock in the evening—I was coming down the lane, and saw some persons running across the fields—the prisoner was a good way before them, with a little black bag in his first hand—I am sure he is the man—I ran after him—he dropped it—I picked it up, and delivered it up to Miss Pasquier.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you seen him before? A. No—he was before us, and I saw his back and face—I cannot tell what coloured handkerchief he wore, but I can tell the colour of the man—that is the man—he turned his face to me—I was not asked by the Magistrate how I knew him—I know him by having a fustian coat on, and by his turning his face round and looking at me—I said I knew him by his clothes—I told the Magistrate so, and said I knew him by his face—what I said was read over—I was asked if it was true, and I put my mark to it.





EDWARD JONES
. I am a constable, I went after the prisoner and took him not far from the Police-office—I said "Jem, I want to speak to you"—I beckoned him, and he followed me into the yard of the Police-office—I said, "You remember meeting me in the New-road, On Tuesday morning last?"—he said, "Yes"—I said, "Do you remember being on the banks of the Canal that evening?"—he said, "No"—I said, "Do you know you are charged with a highway robbery?"—he said, "No"—I said, "You are"—he said, "So help me God it is not me"—I said "From the description given me, I believe you to be the man"—I took him into the officer—1 searched him, and found two keys—one was rather a curious one.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutrix.—


Transported for Life.
