





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
298. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     TOMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 24th of December
, 1 hat, value 12s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Cobb 
                           Ayres
                        




                     
                  ; and that he had been previously convicted of felony
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  ROWSELL
               



            . I live in Cheapside, and am a stationer. On the 24th of December, about five o'clock in the afternoon, I was in Birchin-lane, and heard the cry of Stop thief! I saw the prisoner running with a hat in his hand, and came up to him after he was stopped - he had not got the hat then; I saw a gentleman pick it up, and give it to Betterton.


                  GEORGE 
                  AYRES
               



            . I am thirteen years old - I am the son of 
               
                  John 
                  Cobb Ayres
               



            , who lives in Clement's-lane


. On the 24th of December, about five o'clock in the evening, a man came into the shop, and took a hat off a stand; he was quite a stranger - I think he saw me; he left the shop immediately - I went to the door, and called Stop thief! but did not leave the shop: I was not present when the prisoner was brought back - I saw him at the Mansion-house; I cannot swear to him.


                  WILLIAM 
                  BETTERTON
               



            . I am one of the Police. I received the prisoner in charge - somebody was holding him by the collar; the hat was delivered to me.
MR. ROWSELL. It was a hat similar to this I saw him with - I saw him throw it away, and saw a gentleman pick it up.


                  JOHN 
                  COBB AYRES
               



            . I am a hatter
. This hat is mine; it has my name and address on it.


                  JOHN 
                  ROBINSON
               



            . I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction (read) - I know him to be the person who was convicted in the July Session; I was present at his trial.
Prisoner's Defence. I am innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
