





2009. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ROWE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of September
, 83lbs. weight of coffee, value 6l. 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Coles
                  



               
            , his master.
SECOND COUNT, stating it to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Joseph 
                     Swannell
                  



               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  COLES
               



            . I live in Hart-street, Cripplegate, and am a carman
. On the 15th of September I sent the prisoner with my cart to the East India Company's warehouse, in Cock-hill, Ratcliff-cross; he was to fetch five bales of coffee, to take to Mr. Swannell's - he went about eleven o'clock in the day, and returned about three; he appeared quite sober - I sent him with two loads afterwards.


                  DANIEL 
                  MILLER
               



            . I live in Adam-street, New Kent-road - I am a writer in the Home-department of the East India Company. I weighed five bales of coffee, and placed them under the care of 
               
                  John 
                  Wood
               



             - here is the number on the warrant.


                  JOHN 
                  WOOD
               



            . I live at No.5, Cadbury-place, Globe-road, and am in the East India Company's service. These bales of coffee were weighed, and placed under my care at Cock-hill - I delivered them out on the 15th of September; they were quite full, and perfectly sound - I saw them afterwards at Mr. Swannell's, in Swithin-lane.


                  THOMAS 
                  RAINSFORD
               



            . I live in Clifton-street, New North-road, and am warehouseman to Mr. Swannell. The prisoner brought some bags of coffee to my master, with the King's number on them; they weighed 10cwt. 4lbs. nott, and the weight on the warrant was 83lbs. more than that - I did not notice the bales at the time, and three of them were opened directly; when I came to look at the other two they seemed to have been opened.
DANIEL MILLER. They had weighed 10 1/2 cwt. 26lbs.


                  JOHN 
                  WOOD
               



            . They had not been weighed after that, but I am confident they had not been opened; there was no one in the room but myself, and they were under lock and key.


                  THOMAS 
                  RAINSFORD
               



            . I found the bales were not so sound as some others, it being damaged coffee, and the coffee might have got out - the prisoner said he had delivered them in the same state as he received them; I weighed them in his presence, and found a deficiency of 83lbs.
JOHN COLES re-examined. Q.What time should the prisoner have returned to you? A. I should have thought two hours would have been sufficient for him, but he was gone from eleven o'clock till three; after he was in custody he admitted to me that there were two men who had robbed the bales, and made him drunk - he told me their names, and I know one of them has lived by pilfering carts for some time; he said they had robbed all the bales, more or less; I had not made him any promise or threat.
Prisoner. Q. Did not you offer me a sovereign if I would tell you who the two men were? A. No - I did not.
JURY. Q.Did he tell you he had suffered any loss, when he came home? A. No, I did not know it till the next morning, when I went to Mr. Swannell's, to know if there were any more orders.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
