



1830. 




JOHN DAY
 was indicted

 for burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Alexander Robinson, about one o'clock in the night of the 
11th of May, at 
Hammersmith, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 4 coats, value 11l.; 4 pairs of trowsers, value 5l.; 3 waistcoats, value 3l.; 6 shirts, value 3l.; 4 handkerchiefs, value 15s.; 1 eye-glass, value 2l. 10s.; 1 ring, value 3l.; 3 studs, value 15s.; 6 spoons, value 30s.; 1 pencil-case, value 7s.; 1 hat, value 1l.; and 2 pairs of boots, value 2l. his property; and that he had been previously convicted of felony.






SARAH SNOW
. I am servant to Mr. Alexander Robinson, of Kendal-place, in the parish of Hammersmith. He keeps the house—on the 11th of May I locked up the house at night, and went through it to see it was all safe—I went to bed at eleven o'clock, and was called next morning by Ladley, the groom—I found the house in confusion, and missed the tea-spoons and salt-spoons—I found the door from the house to the garden quite open—I had left it shot-master's dressing-room window was open—there was a light in the hall, and the shutter was burst open—it was all safe when I went to bed—I afterwards looked about, and in a ditch found a frock coat—it was just striking six o'clock when I was called-whatever occurred must have happened before six o'clock.





WILLIAM LADLEY
. I am groom to Mr. Alexander Robinson. On the morning of the 12th of May I got up a few minutes before six o'clock-when I came to the bed-room door I found a large trunk taken down, and a writing-case taken out of it—I went down, and found the door leading to the garden wide open, and a light burning—I found master's dressing-room door open, and clothes all lying about-a large chisel was lying by the dressing-room door, the kitchen drawers were all open, and the things on the floor—I found some plated waiters lying on the floor—I went up and alarmed the servant, and went off to the station-house immediately—I afterwards missed some shirts and a coat belonging to my master from his dressing-room.





ALEXANDER ROBINSON
. I live in Kendal-place, Hammersmith. On the morning of the 12th of May I looked about my dressing-room, and missed a great-coat, and several coats, waistcoats, trowsers, hats, boots, a gold stud, an eye-glass, and other things, which are worth about 33l.





BOLEHE HARRIS
. I was a police, constable of the T division at the time in question—I have left to take a situation in the Steam Boat Company's employ. On the morning of the 12th of May I was called to Mr. Robinson's house, and found a coat under the hedge of the prosecutor's garden, and in to dressing-room I found a waistcoat—the locks were all broken—I found two boxes of lucifer matches in the dressing-room, a chisel, and a blue waistcoat with one pawnbroker's duplicate in the pocket-in consequence of the address on the duplicate, I went to a pawnbroker in the Commercial-road, and from that took up the witness Samuel Marsh, and something he said led me to John Shelton, the prisoner's brother.





SAMUEL MARSH
. I am a bricklayer and plasterer, in Back-road, Shadwell. Between two and three months ago, I gave a pawnbroker's duplicate to the prisoner, for a coat pawned at Latter's, in Commercial-road, for 7s.,

in the name of Stratford—this is the duplicate I gave—I have no knowledge whose waistcoat it is which it was found in—I think the prisoner wore a smock-frock when I gave him the duplicate.

Prisoner. It is false about his giving me the duplicate—he spoke of it at a public-house where we had been drinking—one man had a coat on like that, and a waistcoat—he threw the duplicate down on the table, and next morning came to me and asked if I meant to get his coat out—I said I never had the duplicate, and he said he would take an affidavit. Witness. It is false—I gave him the duplicate for nothing.





SEARLE WHITLOW
. I am foreman to Mrs. Latter, a pawnbroker. On the 14th of August, 1837, some articles were pawned by Miss Stratford, the sister of the witness Marsh—I gave her the duplicate for a coatee, for 7s.—I produce the coatee—it was pawned in the name of Ann Stratford.





SAMUEL MARSH

re-examined. I have nothing to swear to this coat by—I told the officer it had green pockets—I have no doubt it is the coat that was pawned—it is the coat of which I gave the prisoner the duplicate—it was pawned by my sister Stratford-either her or my mother pawned it—she is no relation to the prisoner.

Prisoner. It is very false—he never gave me the ticket. Witnees. I am sure I gave it to him, and he took it—he did not ask me for it, but I saw he was in want of a coat, and he said if he could get any money he would buy a frock coat—I had only known him about four months.





PHILIP COLEMAN
. I live in Match-walk, Shad well. The prisoner lodged with me for two months—I remember the constable calling on me—the prisoner had not been home that night—the constable called in the afternoon—the coat produced by Harris is the coat the prisoner wore when he lodged with me—the prisoner came home the morning the constable called, in a different dress to what he left the lodging in.

Prisoner. I had the same dress as I left in, all but the trowsers. Witness. No such thing—the night before the constable came he did not sleep at my house—that was the night of the robbery.





ROBERT HICKS
. I live at the Red Cow. I saw a person in the yard, opposite Mr. Robinson's, with a coat on, torn under the left arm—it was a kind of blue, or Mack—he had an old hat on, and light whiskers—I never saw the prisoner before-if it is him he has got freckles on each side of his face—I met him in the yard as I came out of the out-house.

Prisoner. At the office he said he did not know me, that I was not the man, nor any thing like the man, for it was not so tall a man as me, Witness. That is wrong.





ENEAS M'ALLEN
 (police-constable K 95.) I apprehended the prisoner in High-street, Shadwell, and took him to the station-house—he said he was not the man, that his name was John Day, that he was quite a stranger in the neighbourhood, and had come from Birmingham-none of the property has been found.

Prisoner. I have known the policeman ever since I have been about the neighbourhood—I have passed him before and after the robbery—he never saw any thing wrong of me.





PHILIP COLEMAN

re-examined. The coat produced by Harris is the one the prisoner wore when he was lodging with me—I cannot say when he last wore it—he wore it not eight days before the robbery—he did not sleep at my house on the night of the robbery, nor afterwards—he had not given me any notice—he came to my house the morning after, but did not

stop—my house is six miles from the prosecutor's—I did not see him the day before at all-not on the night of the robbery-not for forty-eight hours—my house was his usual place of sleeping—he was a constant lodger.

Prisoner. I had people here last night to show where I was at the time of the robbery, I never had the duplicate.

Witnesses for the Defence.





JOHN SHELTON
. I am the prisoner's brother. I came here last night with the woman where he lodged—she is not here now, as her child is very bad—she lives somewhere in Limehouse-fields—I know the witness Coleman—my brother lodged with him, and I lodged with him too, but only used to go there now and then, and pay 4d.—there used to be a number of costermongers and others lodging with him.





PHILIP COLEMAN
. On the night of the robbery the witness was alone in bed.





JOHN SHELTON
 (continued.) Yes, I was alone in bed that night—my brother was not there—he had been there the night before, but not the night before that—I suppose he went to his lodging.

Q. You are quite clear he was not with you on the night of the robbery? A. I cannot exactly tell the time it was now—I remember hearing of the robbery—I was taken up for it, and this officer said it was me did the robbery—he wanted the young man to swear it was me did it—I do not think I ever saw this coat before—it is not the coat my brother constantly wore—I never saw the waistcoat before—my brother did not wear such a coat at Coleman's-quite a different one altogether—he used to wear a smock-frock, as he has now—I do not know that I ever saw him wear such a coat as this—I lodged pretty constantly with him when he came there, but it was very seldom he came there—he lodged in Catherine-street, Limehouse-fields, with Mrs. Chambers, I think her name is—I never lodged there—I have seen him washing himself there, and in and out after work—I never saw that coat, I will take my oath—he might wear a coat a year or two ago.

JURY
to
ROBERT HICKS. Q. I think you said the prisoner had light whiskers? A. Yes—I will not swear to him—the Red Cow is thirty or forty yards from the prosecutor's—I saw two persons sitting on the bench.





PHILIP COLEMAN

re-examined. I never recollect him in whiskers.





WILLIAM ISAAC
 (police-constable K 223.) I produce a certificate which I got from Mr. Clark's office—I was present when the prisoner was tried, in August, 1836—he is the same person described in that certificate—I took him into custody—(read.)




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
