







1287. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     GASCOYNE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     JONES
                  




               
            , and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     HUTCHINS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of May
, 1 purse, value 1s.; 2 sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, 6 shillings, and 5 sixpences, the property of 
                     
                        Brook Brydges 
                        Parbly
                     




                  , Esq.
, from his person
            .
THOMAS MADDEN. I am a constable of Kensington. On the 15th of May I was in the garden belonging to the King's Head, Kensington


; there were a number of persons assembled at a meeting - I saw all the prisoners there, and watched them; I saw Colonel
 Parbly - Gascoyne, the prisoner, extended his right hand to the prosecutor's right-hand trousers pocket; I did not observe where the prosecutor's hand was at the time, but I heard Jones make some remark to Gascoyne, who replied,"I can't get his manler off," which means a hand; Jones then attempted his pocket in the same way - some more words passed between them, and Gascoyne said, "Why don't you get his d-d mauler off?" I then saw Hutchins come from the rear in front of the colonel; he looked up in his face, and said Mr. Hume (who had just spoken) was a very clever fellow, and he added, "Before Mr. Hume leaves the hustings, let us give him three cheers"- when they were given Hutchins said, "Let us give him one cheer more;" when the fourth cheer was given the colouel took his hat off, and waved it as well as he could in the crowd, raising his right arm; and either Gascoyne or Jones was supporting his arm up; the three prisoners left the crowd immediately the fourth cheer was given - I asked the colonel if he had lost any thing; he felt in his pocket, and said, "I have lost my purse" - I ran through the crowd, and succeeded in stopping the three prisoners, with the assistance of some other persons, just as they were going out of the door - Hutchins had his right hand in his pocket; I examined his pocket, and found in it this purse, with two sovereigns and 13s. 6d. in it - he claimed it; I took them to the station, and asked the colonel to describe his purse - he claimed it, and said there were two sovereigns in it, and some silver, but he could not exactly say what - I found some money on Jones, and on Gascoyne - I found on Hutchins, besides the purse, a half-sovereign, 9s. 6d. in silver, and I think 2d. in copper, and a pocket-book.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.What did you find on Gascoyne? A.2s. 6d. in silver, and 1 1/2d. - there was a great crowd, and the colonel was in the midst of it; there was no difficulty in distinguishing the prisoners - I did not go to the Reform Meeting as an officer, but if I had seen a breach of the peace I should have interfered; I was not quite certain when the attempt was made, and if I had attempted to take them then I should have had very little chance in the crowd - I was not certain that the colonel was robbed till I saw them leaving the crowd - I did not see Jones or Gascoyne speak to Hutchins; there might be one or two persons between him and the colonel when these attempts were made.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You went partly as a reformer yourself? A. You may take it so if you please, but of course I was an officer - I applauded the speeches, but I never lifted my hand; I think the prisoners were more anxious to see others cheer than to cheer themselves - Hutchins claimed thepurse to the last; I do not know whether it is a common purse, I have seen many like it.
BROOK BRYDGES PARBLY. I am a colonel in the East India Company's service
. I was at the King's Arms garden, attending the meeting, as I live in the parish, in Brompton-square; Lord Teynham was in the chair - I had a purse of this sort and colour, with two sovereigns and some loose silver in it - I missed it when the officer spoke to me; I believe this is my purse - I recollect the cheers being proposed; I had before that had my hand on my side, but when Mr. Hume was leaving the meeting, I lifted my hand, and took off my hat - by that means my pocket was exposed.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was your coat buttoned? A. Yes; I cannot swear to the purse - Hutchins insisted that it was his from the first; there was a great crowd.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you observe any communication between the prisoners? A. No- I could not swear to any of them.
JURY to 
               
                  THOMAS 
                  MADDEN
               



            . Q. Did the prisoners go away together? A. They were close together when they quitted, and went at the same time.
Gascoyne. I was not near the door; I was in the crowd - another person took me. Witness. I took him and Hutchins near the door; there was some crowd there - I called a person to assist me; I called to a special-constable to take Jones - they were all going away together: there were several speeches after Mr. Hume left.
Hutchins. The purse is mine - I have had it three or four months; I bought in the Strand, where you can buy fifty every day - this officer did not take it from me; another person took it out of my pocket, and gave it to him- I said it was mine, and that it had 2l. 13s. 6d. in it. -Witness. He had his hand in his pocket, grasping the purse, and I took it; I said, "If it is yours, you can tell what is in it - how many sovereigns are there?" he said three; I said, "How much silver?" he said about 14s. - he guessed the silver right within 6d.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Are you sure he did not say two sovereigns? A. He said two, after he saw the money counted, but at first he said three.
COLONEL PARBLY. The gold was at one end, and the silver at the other.
GASCOYNE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 28.
HUTCHINS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 36.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 34.






               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
