





1499. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     PERRY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of September
, 2 pair of boots, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Tatem
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  TATEM
               



            . I keep the Green Dragon, on Winchmore-hill




. I lost two pair of Wellington boots on the 17th of September - I had seen them in the bed-room up stairs about one o'clock on Thursday - these are them.


                  SARAH 
                  STEVENS
               



            . I am servant to the prosecutor. On the 17th of September, about four o'clock, I found the children's room had been broken open, and some things were gone, and these boots, which are my master's.


                  CHARLES 
                  MAYNE
               



            . I am a labourer. On the 17th of September I was in the prosecutor's neighbourhood - I saw the prisoner walking along about a quarter after one o'clock.


                  GEORGE 
                  BLYTHE
               



            . I was in the neighbourhood of Mr. Tatem's, and saw a person's legs out of his window, with corduroy trowsers on.


                  STEPHEN 
                  CREESY
               



            . I am a labourer. I was in the neighbourhood, and saw the prisoner come down the field.


                  ROBERT 
                  WRIGHT
               



            . I am a labourer. I overtook the prisoner in the high-road going down Orange-tree-lane - he had a bag on his shoulder, and he asked me if I wanted to buy a pair of boots - I told him no - I saw the tops of some Wellington boots, which were like these - he asked me where he could exchange them, and I recommended him to Mr. Garakeen, at Tottenham - he told me he had picked them up in the road - I saw him again on the 27th.


                  JOHN 
                  GARAKEEN
               



            . I live at Tottenham. The prisoner came to me between three and four o'clock in the day, on the 17th of September, and asked me if I bought old boots - I said, Yes, if they were good for any thing - he pulled out these, and I bought them.
Prisoner's Defence. I was coming from Southgate, and met a man who asked me if I would buy a pair of boots - I said I would - he asked me 10s. 6d., and I gave him 5s. 6d. - I then met the witness, who sent me to the shoemaker, and he said he would give me a pair of shoes for the boots.


                  JOHN 
                  TATEM
               



            . These boots were in the bed-room, on the top of a bureau - it has a window, out of which a man's legs were seen.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
