



801. 




JOHN SMITH
 was indicted

for stealing on the 
2nd of March at 
St. George Bloomsbury, 1 silver tea-pot, value 6l.; 1 Sliver coffee✗ value 8l.; 1 silver milk-pot value 9l.; and 4 silver spoons, value 3l.; the goods of 



Benjamin Worthy Home, in his dwelling-house.


MR. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






ELIZABETH WYATT
. I am cook in Mr. Benjamin Worthy Horne's family, in Bedford-place, which I believe is in the parish of St. George, Bloomsbury. On Wednesday, the 2nd of March, I was in the kitchen—I heard a noise in the pantry—I went towards the pantry, and saw the prisoner coming out—I never saw him before—it was at ten minutes after two o'clock in the afternoon—he had some silver with him—I said, "You rascal, you have got the plate, put it down, "—he made no answer, but made his way towards the area-door—I and my fellow-servant both seized him and pulled him back and he then put down the silver teapot and coffee-pot—when he put them down, I went out into the area and locked the door on him, leaving him inside, with shut with my fellow-servant, Catherine Brennan—I found the area-gate shut and locked—he must have got ever it or opened it with a skeleton key—we never have it open—I saw him come out of the street-door afterwards, and he ran towards Bloomsbury-square—he was brought back with in a few minutes—I said, "This is the man," and he said, "Yes, I am the man"—I am quite certain of him—he then took out of his pocket four spoons and a milk-pot.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You are quite sure of that? A. Yes—there is a window looking into the street, but nobody could see into the pantry without being in the area—the plate was standing in the window—the kitchen door had been shut but we found it open—I called to a man to follow the prisoner.





CATHERINE BRENNAN
. I am in the service of Mr. Horne—I was in the house on the day this happened—I saw the prisoner—I am quite sure he is the man—I saw him put the plate out of his pocket—he was left in the kitchen with me—I held him a moment by the collar—he got away, ran up the kitchen stairs, and ran out at the front hall—I followed him and he struck me on the forehead at the street door—it was a very violent blow—a great out—it stunned me, but I did not fall down—I fell back wards.

Cross-examined. Q. After he got from you, he ran into the street? A. He shut the door against me, and I did not see him again till he was brought back—I am quite certain he is the man.





CHARLES WOODWARD
. I have been street-keeper fifteen years in Bedford-place—it is in the parish of St. George, Bloomsbury. I overtook the prisoner running in Hart-street, Bloomsbury-square, and took him back to Mr. Horne's house—he said, "It was nothing but a lark let me go "—when he got to the house I did not see him produce any thing—he got loose from me at the area steps, and ran violently into the prosecutors's house; and I lost sight of him for a moment.

Cross-examined. Q. When he got to the area steps he ran into the house? A. Yes—there was only one person with me—the person running after him, hallooing "Stop thief," said he had robbed No. 3.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you see him at the top of the area steps? A. I did—he is the man I took—he ran into the house from the top of the area steps.

COURT. Q. Did the man who was following him give you information which led you to take him to No.3? A. Yes.





WILLIAM LATTER
 (police-constable E 57.)On Wednesday, March the 2nd, I saw the prisoner in Mr. Horne's house—he been brought back

by Woodward, as I understood—I took him into custody—he said he would go with me—I did not hear what he said more.

Prisoner. I have it to the mercy of the Court—I have a wife and one child, and except my wife to go to bed every day.




GUILTY
.* Aged 25.—


Transported for Life.
