





Second London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
2057. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     NICKLESS
                  



               
             was 


               indicted for wilful and corrupt perjury
            .
MESSRS. ADOLPHUS and PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  GEORGE 
                  TODD
               



            . I am a clerk in the registery of the Consistory Court, Doctors'-commons


. I produce some minutes, which were taken from the registery - Dr. Daubeny and Dr. Matcham were surrogates of the Court at that time, and are so still; I produce a citation in the cause of 
               
                  Ellen 
                  Kenrick
               



             against 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Kenrick
               



             in a suit of divorce and separation, by reason of cruelty and adultery - with the allegations on behalf of Thomas Kenrick - the deposition of Ann Nickless, on behalf of the defendant, on the eighth article - the interrogatories to the witness examined on the eighth article - and the deposition of Nickless to the twelfth article.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Have you a book, in which you enter proceedings in causes? A. Yes, it is here; the citation is the first proceeding - all the documents produced are originals; I have the depositions of five witnesses in support of the suit; they are Thomas and 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Burge
               



            , 
               
                  James 
                  Ashley
               



            , 
               
                  Charles 
                  Sinclair Bedford
               



            , and 
               
                  John 
                  Wright
               



             - I have depositions, on the other side, of 
               
                  William 
                  Kenrick
               



            , Ann Nickless, 
               
                  Caroline 
                  Paris
               



            , 
               
                  Stephen 
                  Moray
               



            , 
               
                  Jane 
                  Mintle
               



            , 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Sullivan
               



            , 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  White
               



            , 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Mizen
               



            , and 
               
                  Martha 
                  Moore
               



            .
MR. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  PRITCHARD
               



            . I am one of the examiners of the Court, and took the depositions of the defendant; they are attested by me - here is a deposition taken on the 3rd of June; it was signed by the defendant, after being read over by me - she was not sworn by me; she has signed it as having been sworn - it was read over to her as having been sworn, and she signed it afterwards; she had been sworn to speak the truth - I then examined her, and took the examination myself; the examination appears to have been resumed on the 17th, as a cross-examination on the part of the promoter of the suit; Dr. Matcham's name is signed at the end of the two examinations, when she was repeated; on the completion of the examination, she deelared that the signature was hers, and that the contents of the examinations were true, by virtue of her oath; and I have attested that repetition - that acknowledgement extended to the examination of the 3rd, as well as the 17th of June; I believe the defendant to be the person.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. The party first goes before the surrogate, and is sworn, then to you to be examined, and after that goes again to a surrogate, and affirm the truth of the subsequent examination? A. Just so; I could not, of my own knowledge, know she was sworn; the proctor is responsible for that, and the registrar certifies that she is sworn; it is Mr. Shephard's duty to attend the swearing of the witnesses, or somebody for him, and the proctors on both sides, but not myself.
The defendant's deposition of the 3rd of June was here read, in which she had deposed that she was housekeeper to 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Elder
               



            , Esq., livery-stable keeper, of Foley-place, from his wife's death, to Christmas last - that Mr. and Mrs. Kenrick were in the habit of coming there; Mrs. Kenrick was afterwards in the habit of coming without Mr. Kenrick, to see Mr. Elder- she at first came two or three times with Miss Paris and Mr. Elder went out walking with them - that one Saturday after Christmas, she came alone; Mr. Elder was standing in the stable-yard, as if looking for somebody, and on seeing Mrs. Kenrick, told her to run up staris to the nursery as fast as she could - she did so; they were alone with each other, and dined together (Mrs. Kenrick had called alone, and dined with Mr. Elder once before, in the early part of the same week); she came about two o'clock, just as dinner was ready, and remained till nine at night - she told deponent she and Mr. Kenrick were parted, and he had turned her out of doors; on the Saturday she remained till about one in the morning - nobody went into the room to her and Mr. Elder, on that occasion, but deponent, who went in when they wanted any thing; they dined in the nursery - it is up stairs, and not so public as the parlour; Mr. Elder's bed-room joins the nursery - he and Mrs. Kenrick went into the bed-room twice, to her knowledge, on that day; the first time was as soon as dinner was over; deponent being in the parlour, distinctly heard them both walking from the nursery into the bed-room, and suspecting what was going forward, having observed familiarities before, deponent listened; thebed-room is over the parlour, and any person in the parlour could hear almost every thing passing in the bed-room - I plainly heard the noise of two persons getting in the bed, and presently after, that sort of breathing, which left no doubt on my mind that that two persons were in the act of sexual intercourse with each other; about half an hour after, Mr. Elder came down, and sent me up for the glasses - I went into the bed-room; Mrs. Kenrick was there, and the bed was tumbled, and had the appearance of two persons having been on it - the blinds of the bed-room were down, which was a very unusual thing; Mrs. Kenrick's face was very much flushed, and at that time I was half a mind to tell her what I thought, but I went down without saying any thing; after tea, the same evening, I went up stairs for something, and as I passed the nursery door, I saw it ajar - I looked into the room, and not seeing Mr. Elder or Mrs. Kenrick there, I went very softly to the door, leading from thence into the bed-room, and peeped through the keyhole; the bed was just opposite the door, and I could see it very plainly, and almost every thing else in the room - I saw Mr. Elder and Mrs. Kenrick laying on the bed together; her petticoats were up, and Mr. Elder's small-clothes were down - they were in the very act of sexual intercourse with each other. I do not remember Mrs. Kenrick coming to Mr. Elder's house, and remaining alone with him any time after the Saturday of which I have been just deposing, but she did so occasionally before that time; he went out with her on the Saturday, but did not return till after I went to bed; I went to bed at twelve o'clock, and do not know at what time he returned - he went out with her often of an evening before that, and returned alone; he did so particularly on the Tuesday on which she dined with him - on those occasions they dined in the parlour; the parlour door was closed at such times, and they remained alone together an hour or two or sometimes not more than half an hour;" deponent often saw improper familiarites between them in the parlour, but nothing criminal - any body might see their familiarities together, even a stranger, who had never seen them before, for it was never concealed, she could scarcely describe her behaviour, but her way and manner to Mr. Elder, appeared very light and familiar; they used to sit on the sofa together - deponent had sometimes seen them with their arms round each other's neck - at other times kissing each other; at other times she was laying on the sofa, and he was putting her clothes down, or laying with her, but there was nothing to induce deponent to say they had sexual intercourse with each other till the Saturday in question; that one morning, a few days before the Saturday, Mr. Elder had taken some of his late wife's clothes out of her drawers - Mrs. Kenrick was waiting below; Mr. Elder said, "Poor thing, I must let her have something to change herself with, for she has nothing but what she stands upright in" - that Mrs. Kenrick took the clothes in a bundle with her; that when Mrs. Kenrick told her she had parted from her husband, she told deponent if any body came to inquire for her, not to say she was there, or had been there, for if Mr. Kenrick knew it, it would be the ruin of Mr. Elder; that Mr. Kenrick would not mind giving deponent 20l., if she let him know she was in the house - Mrs. Kenrick used to wring her hands, and beg her not to let Mr. Kenrick know she had been there, and said she loved Mr. Elder's little finger, better than Mr. Kenrick's whole body; she spoke in that way at different times - that on one occasion, Mr. Elder had, in Mrs. Kenrick's presence, desired her if any body inquired about Mrs. Kenrick, to deny her, and Mrs. Kenrick added, "For God's sake be sure you say nothing;" deponent never disclosed these circumstances to Mr. Kenrick, till about six months ago, when he called with his lawyer.
The deponent, in answer to the interrogatories on the above depositions, deposed, among other matters, that Mr. Kenrick had promised to satisfy her for her expences in attending as a witness,and had given her half a sovereign when she last attended, as she was ill, and had to pay coach hire; that she had no expectation of receiving money for giving evidence; that the nursery joins the bedroom and communicates with it by a door; Mr. Elder dined at five o'clock on the Saturday - the nursery door was shut the first time, but ajar the second, when she went to it; Mrs. Kenrick was dressed in a black silk dress, a velvet bonnet and veil; there was no light in the bed-room that she remembered, yet there might must have been - they had candles in the nursery, and might have taken them into the bed-room, but she did not remember noticing them there; Mr. Elder's bed stood in the middle of the room, between the door and the window - it was in its usual place, and could not stand otherwise; there is but one window to the bed-room - "I will take upon myself to swear the largest part of the bed could be seen through the key-hole of the door, particularly the foot of it, and it was across the foot of the bed that I saw Mrs. Kenrick and Mr. Elder laying at the time deposed;" the key was usually kept in the lock of the bed-room door, but was turned round, so that a person might look through the key-hole - I always kept it turned round, to prevent its falling out.


                  ELLEN 
                  KENRICK
               



            . My husband's name is Thomas Kenrick - I was a widow when I married him; there were some differences between us, and we agreed to live apart; when I first left him I went to Brighton - that was in November, 1829; I lodged there with Mr. and Mrs. May, house-agents - I remained there till March, 1830; I came to town by the mail, on Wednesday, the 30th of December, remained in town on the 31st, and went back on Friday, the 1st of January, 1830. I know Mr. Elder - Mr. Kenrick introduced him to me; I had no acquaintance with him previous to our marriage, which was on the 9th of May, 1829; I did not see Mr. Elder at all during the three days I was in town - I once met him at Brighton, when I was out with Mr. and Mrs. May; I never went out alone all the time I was at Brighton - when I came to town in December it was to fetch my son; I did not come by a packet - I got into the mail on the 30th, about half-past ten o'clock at night, got to town on the 31st, in the morning, and left about half-past two o'clock on the 1st of January; while I was in town I was at the Blossoms Inn, City, where the mail put up - I did not go out while I was in town; when I arrived I sent to Mr. Bedford, my trustee, and he wrote to Mr. Kenrick to send my son, and I took him out of town with me - (he is my son by my first marriage); Mr. Kenrick brought him to me on the 31st, about six o'clock in the evening.
Q. I need not ask you then, whether you were dining at five o'clock, and staying till late at another part of the town? A. Certainly not - I never went out the whole time I was three Mr. Kenrick stopped with me, I suppose, about three quarters of an hour - I took my son out of town next morning; I certainly dined with Mr. Elder one day before I went down to Brighton; I cannot say whether it was on a Saturday; we dined in a room up stairs - it was in November.
Q. What was the occasion of your going to Mr. Elder? A. I was afraid to go to my own family, for they did not like my marriage; I knew Mr. Elder was a friend of Mr. Kenrick's, and I thought it best to go to him, to ask Mr. Kenrick to let me have my clothes and some money - he said he would think of it if I called again; I did not dine there that day - I was there about ten minutes, and saw him in the parlour; it was in the morning; I called againin a day or two, as he desired - I think it was in the afternoon, and believe I then dined with him; we dined in a room up stairs; I think it is called the nursery - the defendant waited on us; nothing improper passed between us - we dined by candle-light - the room communicates with the bed-room; I did not go into the bed-room at all that day - I have been there with my husband, when Mr. Elder has had a party, and then went into the bed-room to take off my things with other ladies.
Q. Is it true then that you and Mr. Elder went into the bed-room that day, laid on the bed together, and that any thing improper took place? A. Certainly not; I never went into the bed-room with Mr. Elder - I took off my things in the room I dined in; nothing improper took place between us, I was too much flurried - the defendant did not come into the bed-room and find me there, having got of the bed with Mr. Elder; I never was in the bed-room when she came there - I never was in the bed-room with Mr. Elder; I did not return to town after the 1st of January, till Mr. Kenrick fetched me home himself, which was I think in March, 1830 - I lived ten weeks with him, and then we separated again.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. What is your present age? A. Thirty; I had been a window five months when I married Mr. Kenrick; I had known him in my first husband's life time; I lived in the country with my first husband.
Q. How then did you know him? A. Mr. Yates (my first husband) hired a pheton of him, and after my hushand's death, I met him at Brighton, where I kept a house; my first husband died in Warwickshire - I went to Brighton a month or six weeks after his death; Mr. Kenrick was a widower - I do not know his age; I suppose he is near sixty; my first husband was twenty-nine when he died - I had been married to him four or five years; my son is eight years old next February; I was married to Mr. Yates in 1824; in August I think - my son was born after my marriage to Mr. Yates; I cannot exactly say how long - it was not in the same year as we were married; he was born in February - I have not other child; we were married on the 12th of August: my son was at school at Hampstead - I think he had been there half a year; he was not at Brighton till I took him in December: it was the vacation, and I came up to fetch him - Mr. Kenrick had got him down at the farm; while I was in town I had all my meals at the inn; Mr. Elder was always Mr. Kenrick's friend - I went to him in November, to intercede with Mr. Kenrick for my clothes and money; he told me always to go back to Mr. Kenrick.
Q. Were you not aware, when you called at Mr. Elder's to intercede with your husband, that it was his jealousy of Mr. Elder that caused your separation? A. He was always jealous of Mr. Elder, but I never knew why; for I have asked him why he did not shut the door against Mr. Elder, but he was always shaking hands with him, and inviting him to dinner - we never had any company but Mr. Elder; I had a Miss Paris, of Coventry, a friend as I believed her at the time.
Q. Had your husband, before any person, complained of your conduct towards Mr. Elder? A. Never, till the night I left Mr. Kenrick - I then told him I should leave him; he then scolded me before Miss Paris - he said,"There, madam, is my door, leave my house;" he always used to say so; that was before I called on Mr. Elder - one day he began with me, and I said, "Mr. Elder, it is through you Mr. Kenrick is jealous of me," and Mr. Elder said he was very sorry he was the cause of any piece of work; I never went out alone at Brighton - my trustee had put me under the care of Mrs. May, and told me never to go out alone; I had no idea of calling on Mr. Elder when I came to town from Brighton, and did not call; it was before I went to Brighton, and why I called then was, because I did not know a soul who knew Kenrick but Elder; my family were shocked at my marriage, and would not go to him; I did not see any barm in calling to get him to interfare - I think I called two or three times on Mr. Elder, with Miss Paris, and he took us once to see the King's horses; Mr. Kenrick never took me any where; I never called on Elder alone, except about my clothes; he often called to see Mr. Kenrick - I never knew when my husband was to be at Tattersall's sales; he never told me any thing about business - I know nothing about Tattersall's sales - I do not think Mr. Elder ever called when Kenrick was out; he never saw me in his absence, I am quite certain; the defendant pretended to be my friend the night I called - I told her how Kenrick had abused me; she pitied me, because she said she had a husband that used her ill - I told her that I had left my husband.
Q. Did you ever tell her not to mention that you had called on Mr. Elder? A. I believe I did, because I knew Mr. Kenrick was jealous; he was jealous of every one; when I dined at Elder's, I think I did not leave till near ten o'clock - I went about half-past six - he had a bit of cold meat and pickle; I think neither of us had any wine, nothing but beer; I think we did not dine for an hour after I got there - now I come to recollect, I think it was the day Kenrick took me to Bow-street office, to see if Sir Richard Birnie would part us; he did not stay to see Sir Richard; he saw Ruthven, the officer, who asked what he came about; he said he came about a servant who had robbed him at Brighton - Ruthven said then he must go to Brighton; that was in the morning, and I know that was the day I dined at Mr. Elder's (Kenrick took me to Bow-street without a summons) - I never went to public places of amusement with Mr. Elder alone; I went to Vauxhall, but Mr. Kenrick was with me - I have known nothing of Mr. Elder lately; I have seen him here the last two sessions; he did not come here with me, not go away with me last Sessions, or this: Mr. and Mrs. May came with me to-day; I do not even know where Elder lives, and have had no conversation with him respecting this charge - I do not wish to state where I now live, as Mr. Kenrick may be in Court; I do not wish him to know; I live in London, and my trustee knows where; Mr. Kenrick has annoyed me at one of my lodgings, and sent an anonymous letter to my landlord - I have been in my present lodgings a fortnight; before that I resided in Great Marylebone-street, where he sent the sister of the woman he kept, to abuse me - my landlord turned her cut of the shop.
Q. Are you prepared deliberately to swear that your child was born after your marriage to Mr. Yates?A. Am I compelled to take my oath about that? it was born in February - I cannot say what year, in 1825, I suppose; I thought Mr. Kenrick would have spared me this, but he is bad enough for any thing - if I must tell the truth, it was not in 1825, but I did not like to say so - he was born in 1823.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did your first husband know you had the child when you married him? A. Yes, and Mr. Kenrick knew it before I married him; I had not parted with Mr. Kenrick when he took me to Bow-street - I was living in Gloucester-street by myself, and he took me to Bow-street because I wrote him a letter, telling him I was living there, and wanted 50l. and my clothes - he came to my lodgings, and took me to Bow-street; he gave me three sovereigns that day, and not getting my clothes, I went to Mr. Elder to interfere, having nothing but what I stood upright in- Mr. Bedford, the trustee under my first husband's will, is a solicitor; when I told Elder I had no clothes - he told me he had some things of his late wife's, which he would send me if I would accept them; he did not produce them to me - he sent them to my lodgings; I never told the defendant I loved Mr. Elder's little finger better than Mr. Kenrick's whole body- I was a good wife to Kenrick, and did every thing to make him happy - my son's schooling, I believe, is not paid to this day, though Kenrick placed him there.


                  JOSEPH 
                  ELDER
               



            . I live in Grantham-place, Park-lane. I was acquainted with Mr. Kenrick, and he introduced me to Mrs. Kenrick - I frequently visited them while they lived together; I was on familiar terms with Mr. Kenrick up to the hour of their parting, and afterwards; I had known him for years, as we both followed the business of horse-dealers, but I was not intimate with him till the marriage; I remember Mrs. Kenrick dining at my house - it was in 1829, and I think about the middle of October; I am positive it was before Christmas; we dined up in the nursery - the defendant attended at dinner; she was my only servant; no unbecoming familiarities took place between me and Mrs. Kenrick at any time - I did not take the slightest liberty with her; I did not dine alone with her after that - she was never in my bed-room with me, to my knowledge, nor in any bed-room any where else - I never had sexual intercorse with her in any place whatsoever; my bed has always stood in one situation in my bed-room - Mrs. Kenrick told me she had no clothes but what she stood up in, and I supplied her with some of my late wife's; there was never any familiarity between me and her, to give Mr. Kenrick cause of jealousy - the defendant looked out the clothes for Mrs. Kenrick; I told her Mrs. Kenrick had left her husband, and was in that destitute state, and to look out the clothes for her. If any familiarities had taken place in my bed, it is impossible it should be seen through the key-hole - Mr. Beasley and others have taken a survey of my room.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. You were not acquainted with Mr. Kenrick, except in the way of business, till he introduced his wife to you? A. Only on speaking terms; my wife had been dead three years then; the defendant had been my only regular servant for three years - I am still a horse-dealer; I was a bankrupt in October, and obtained my certificate in February or March- I am sure the time I mention is the only time Mrs. Kenrick dined with me; she never supped at my house alone; she was never at my house more than three times, to the best of my knowledge, and one of these times was in the same week as she dined there - the whole three times was within a fortnight of that time; she called a few days before she dined in the nursery, to solicit my advice to know if I had heard what her husband intended to do; I believe the day she dined there was the last time she came - she took tea there the same day; I think she had called twice before within a fortnight, but cannot be certain; it was two or three times, I cannot say which - I think she came in the morning when she dined there; I generally dine at two o'clock; I got nothing for dinner, except what I should have myself - I sometimes have a roast joint, and sometimes chops.
Q. Your dinner hour is two, was it before or after dinner she came? A. I cannot tell, for I have had so many things in my head to perplex me since: I am sure she dined there - I cannot tell whether we had candles, but I rather think at two o'clock we should dine by daylight.
Q. Is it your belief that you dined at your usual hour? A. I have no doubt but what I did, but I cannot say - I dine at all hours, just as business will allow; she did not remain in my house after ten o'clock at night - I do not think it was so late as ten, it was as late as nine; we had candles lighted certainly - I frequently called at Kenrick's house while they lived together, both by invitation from Mr. Kenrick and without; I called at different times morning, noon, and night - I mostly found Mr. Kenrick at home; when he has been out I have seen Mrs. Kenrick and Miss Paris, who was visiting there, and generally the clerk.
Q. Sometimes you called, I suppose, and found Mrs. Kenrick alone? A. Very seldom; I cannot tell how often, whether it was once, twice, or five times, or twenty times; I have called and seen her alone - she was in the diningroom; I never sat down in the room with her alone - I never staid ten minutes on any occasion; I sometimes dine in my parlour and sometimes in the nursery - I had dined there for many days before Mrs. Kenrick came; I do not know whether the cloth was laid when she came; there are three windows to my parlour - a door opens out of the side into a passage, and then into the parlour; the room is ten or twelve feet high - I never knew Mrs. Kenrick in my bed-room except when Mr. Kenrick and her dined with us, and then the ladies went up to change their clothes; the defendant had been three years with me, and left on account of ill-health - she applied to me to be discharged, but she was useless to me: I only kept her out of charity - I was never charged with any thing criminal; there was once a misunderstanding between me and a brother horse-dealer - I was taken to Marlborough-street on a charge of stealing horses and held to bail; I did not know Mr. Kenrick was jealous of me at the time Mrs. Kenrick dined with me - I afterwards learned, through Mr. Murray, a clerk of his (an uncertificated bankrupt, who robbed his creditors), that he was jealous of me; Mrs. Kenrick never told me so to my knowledge - I never recollect her saying, in the presence of her husband,"Why do you sit there making faces about Mr. Elder;"when the quarrel took place between them I was playing at backgammon with Miss Paris, and attending to the play, and do not know what the quarrel was about - it was not about me to my knowledge; only us four were present - I paid no attention to the quarrel; I never interfere between man and wife.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. It did not come to blows? A. No; Miss Paris was a clergyman's daughter, from Warwickshire - I was never tried for horse stealing; the man took the money for the horses - the Magistrate, seeing it was a matter of account, said that it should be settled; when I called and saw Mrs. Kenrick alone it was purely accidental - the dining-room windows have no shutters, but muslin curtains and blinds, which would prevent persons outside from seeing into the room; I frequently dined with Mr. Kenrick, by his invitation, after his wife had dined with me - when Mr. and Mrs. Kenrick and her sister dined with me, I believe the defendant showed the ladies into the bed-room.


                  JAMES 
                  HENRY ST. HILL
               



            . I am assistant to Mr. Beasley, an architect, and am an architect myself. I have seen the premises where Mr. Elder lived; this model (looking at it) was made under my direction, and is a faithful one; if the door from the nursery to the bedroom was ajar, a person putting their eye to the key-hole could not see the bed - it is impossible from the position of the bed; I went into the parlour, and requested a man, who was in possession, to go into the bed-room and call out - I could hear a sound, but that was all - if he had breathed as hard as human breath could blow, it would be impossible to hear him in the parlour; here is a plan of the room, which will show it was impossible to see any person on the bed.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. The door opens into the nursery? A. Yes; the hinges are on the side nearest to the bed - whether the door was shut or ajar, the eye could not see the bed through the key-hole.
Q. Suppose a person's eye to be close to the key-hole, and the door in the slightest degree ajar, would not that person see the bed by looking through the aperture caused by the opening of the door? A. Certainly, but not through the key-hole.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When a door is open, is that a convenient situation to peep through a key-hole? A. I should think not.
MR. 
               
                  SAMUEL 
                  BEASLEY
               



            . I am an architect, and live in Soho-square. I have seen this model, and attended to the situation of the bed and door - if the door was shut, I should think it utterly impossible for two persons on the bed to be seen through the key-hole; nor if the door was open, as the key-hole would be rather further removed; I went into the parlour, and sent my clerks up into the bed-room, to talk - they told me they talked very loud, and I could not hear them at all; Messrs. Clancey and Dunell were my clerks - I could not bear any thing they said.
Q. Putting experiment out of the question, do you from your professional knowledge, think it possible that hard breathing could be heard on the bed above? A. I should think it impossible.
Cross-examined by MR. BODKIN. Q. Was the parlour door shut? A. I really cannot say, but should think it was open; I do not know whether the bed-room door was open or shut.


                  CHARLES 
                  MAY
               



            . I am a house-agent, at Brighton. Mrs. Kenrick came to live at my house about the middle of November, 1829, recommended by Mr. Bedford; she remained there till March, except going to town on the 30th of December, by the mail, about half-past ten o'clock in the evening; she returned on the 1st of January, between seven and eight - I do not think, while she was at my house she hardly ever went out without either my wife or daughter being with her - that was in consequence of some directions from Mr. Bedford.
Cross-examined. Q. You do not mean to say she never left your house without them? A. I do not think she went out without some part of my family - she was very particular about it; I saw Mr. Elder at Brighton twice - he was by himself; when I first met him my wife and Mrs. Kenrick were with me; we talked to him a little while, and then left him - he did not come to my house; he called once, but not then; I think Mrs. Kenrick was out with my daughter when he called - he was not there five minutes; he merely called to ask how I was - I had met him once before, which I named; he asked after nobody but me -I did not know him till I met him at Brighton; I saw him in the Court last Session and this - Mrs. Kenrick was not with him; she was with my wife when he passed; I have had no conversation with Mr. Elder about this prosecution.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. He came to your house, having met you a few days before, and asked how you did? A. Yes, and was there about five minutes - I never saw the least indiscretion in Mrs. Kenrick's conduct.
MRS. MAY. I am the wife Mr. May. Mrs. Kenrick came to live with us in November, 1829, and left in March, 1830 - she came to London on the 30th of December, and returned on the 1st of January by the evening coach with her son, who she went to fetch - she never went out without me or one of my daughters; I never observed the least levity or misconduct in her.


                  THOMAS 
                  HORNER
               



            . I am a waiter at the Blossoms inn. I remember Mrs. Kenrick coming there - she staid one night, which was on the 31st of December, and went away on the 1st of January - she was not out during her stay there, to my knowledge - I waited on her at breakfast, dinner, tea, and supper - she could not be out from five o'clock to ten without my knowledge; I remember Mr. Kenrick bringing his little boy to her on the day she arrived; he came in a chaise, and the boy was left.


                  JOHN 
                  ROE
               



            . I am a constable. I took the defendant into custody, and told her it was for a charge of perjury, in the case of Kenrick - she said the only untruth she had told was respecting having seen them through the key-hole; but the reason why she said so was because she did not wish her master to know how she did see them; she said Mr. Kenrick had promised to give her 20l., but had never given her a farthing: I am positive she said this.
Cross-examined. Q. Did she give you this as a running observation, or at one time? A. No, it was at once, while we were in a coach - she said it in one phrase: I did not take down her words, but am certain I have not misplaced one word - she did not say the door was ajar.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did you next day take down her words? A. Yes.

MR. BODKIN addressed the Court on behalf of the defendant, and called


                  WILLIAM 
                  MAYNARD
               



            . I am a livery-stable keeper. I was at one time foreman to Mr. Elder, and was in the habit of being about his yard - I have seen Mrs. Kenrick come there, and have seen her with Mr. Elder, and I have seen her there with Mr. Kenrick; I remember she once came about seven or eight o'clock when I was going away.
COURT. Q. Have you seen Mrs. Kenrick come with a lady? A. Yes, with a young lady - I cannot swear she did not come with a lady, at the time I speak of - I think it was about the 7th or 8th of November.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  MIZEN
               



            . I was in the service of Mr. and Mrs. Kenrick. My master was sometimes out on business on Mondays and Thursdays, about sales of horses - he went out about ten or eleven o'clock in the morning, and came home at two or a little later; I do not know Mr. Elder, only by seeing him at our house - he called once or twice a week in the morning or the afternoon; he has been there when my master was out and when he was at home - he frequently called on Mondays and Thursdays; and when he has come, and knocked at the door, he has asked if my my master or mistress were within - I have said my master was not but my mistress was, and he has sometimes come up to the room where my mistress was; my mistress has seen him - he did not come very often, once of twice a week; he has come on the days of sale - I only lived there three months when my mistress was there, and after she had been from Brighton a fortnight, is the first of my recollection of seeing the gentleman call - he called every week all the time I was there.
Cross-examined by MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. When did you leave? A. Nearly three years ago; these visits of Mr. Elder were after my mistress returned from Brighton.
COURT. Q. I took you down as saying that it was about a fortnight after your mistress returned from Brighton? A. Yes; my master and mistress went down to Brighton - they went and returned together; it is nearly three years since I left; I know a young lady named Paris - she was there on a visit; I cannot say how long she was there - perhaps about six weeks; Mr. Elder called while she was there; he was never in the habit of stopping long, sometimes a quarter off an hour; Miss Paris and my mistress used the same sitting-room.
LEWIS NORTON. I am an attorney. I know Mr. 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Elder
               



            ; from my knowledge of him, I would not believe him on his oath.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. Did he obtain his certificate under the Commission of Bankruptcy? A. I did not get his certificate; I never attended with the proceedings; I have heard he got his certificate - I have no doubt of it; I did not get Mr. Alexander to sign it; Mr. McDuff was the attorney who got the certificate.


                  HENRY 
                  TODD
               



            . I am clerk to Mr. Norton. I attended to the business of the commission against Elder; I attended the different examination of the bankrupt, respecting his property; from the means I have had of judging of him, I would not believe him on his oath.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Was not your master opposing attorney to the bankrupt? A. He was endeavouring to trace out his property, not to prevent his getting his certificate; I know he was about getting his certificate; Mr. McDuff, the attorney, was endeavouring to get his certificate - I do not know that he has got it; I have some doubt about it; I should rather say he has than that he has not - I never heard that he got it; I know there were great exertions made to get it; I never inquired whether he got it or not - I never heard from my master that he had got it - I rather think he has got it; I have not the proceedings here to-night - I have seen them; I believe I attended the last examination, if the last examination was when they were about to commit Mr. Elder to Newgate - I was there; I think I attended every one of the examinations - I have no doubt I attended the last examination, but I really did not inquire whether he had got his certificate, the proceedings will tell - they are outside; I meant they were not in the Court.
COURT. Q. Is it not the duty of the attorney to attend the commissioners on their signing the certificate? A. Yes, but I do not know of any such attendance.
MR. BODKIN. Q. Do you know of any application to Mr. Norton for that? A. No; Mr. Norton was concerned for the assignees.
The proceedings were here produced.
MR. BODKIN to 
               
                  HENRY 
                  TODD
               



            . Q. How long is it since these proceedings left Mr. Norton's custody? A. Two or three months; I had no knowledge then of the certificate being obtained.
COURT. Q. Have you many proceedings in cases of bankruptcy? A. Yes, but I do not look at the Gazette.
Q. Look at the hand-writing of this part of the proceedings, whose is it, is it not your own? A. Certainly not; I do not believe it is Mr. Norton's, nor any clerk in our office - I have no idea whose it is; I have seen it before.
Q. Where have you seen it? A. I never saw it before; I thought I had, but I correct myself - I never saw it before.
Q. You know you put your spectacles on and looked anxiously at it, and then said you had seen it before; and now you say, you never saw it before? A. I said I had seen it before, but when I came to look into it, I find I have not seen it before, I was in an error - I merely looked at the writing before, but did not read the words.


                  RALPH 
                  HOPE
               



            . I am a clerk to Mr. Nixon, and one of the messengers to the commissioners of bankruptcy. I attended a number of the private examinations of the bankrupt in this case, and heard him examined - he is not a person I would believe on his oath.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you know Mr. Norton? A. Yes, by his being solicitor to the commission; he or his clerks attended the examination - I do not know whether Mr. Elder got his certificate; they may get it without our knowing it - I have seen Mr. Norton write; I do not think this is his writing.


                  HENRY 
                  TODD
               



             re-examined. Q. What is the general professional fee for attending the commission, when they sign the certificate? A. One guinea.

Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is it not the duty of the attorney, or his clerk to attend and fill this up? A. No; the solicitor for the bankrupt often fills it up, and gets the guinea.
MR. NORTON. This is a memorandum of the commissioners having signed the certificate, but that is nothing till the Lord Chancellor signs it; I do not know how it got into our proceedings - I think I was out of town, and I think this is Mr. McDuff's writing; an attorney often borrows proceedings, and signs it.
MR. ADOLPHUS addressed the Jury in reply.



               GUILTY
            . - 



               Fined One Shilling
            , 


               Confined One Month
            , and then 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
