



1433. 





ELIZABETH COOKE
 was indicted

 for stealing on the 
11th of May, 1 spoon, value 6d., and 1 sovereign; the goods and monies, of 



James Clark.






MARY CLARK
. I am the wife of James Clark, and live in Earl-street, Finsbury. The prisoner charred for us on Wednesday, the 11th of May, and was there on the Saturday before—we kept our money in a drawer, in the front room, on the second floor—I counted it three times on Wednesday—it was all safe at seven o'clock—there were twelve sovereigns looked in a drawer, in a small box—I sent the prisoner for some beer at about half-past eight o'clock, and gave her a shilling to pay for it, which, I took out of the drawer, but at the opposite corner—I left my keys in the drawer—she immediately went out for the beer—before that I had seen her come down stairs—she had no business up-stairs—that was after I had seen the twelve sovereigns—about ten o'clock I went to the drawer again, and missed one sovereign—I informed my husband and spoke to the prisoner about it—I have know her five or six years—she made use of very awful expressions, and said she had never been near the drawer—there was nobody else in the room but me and my husband that could take it—I went for the policeman, and a women found the sovereign on her at the station-house—we had charged her with taking it, and she denied it, and said several times that all she had in the world was three halfpence.





MARY RYAN
, I searched the prisoner at the station-house—I stripped her—she said, "Well, are you satisfied?"—I said, "I am, so far, but I have not had your shoes and stockings off"—she tool off one of her stockings very readily, but was five minutes taking off the others, and I knelt down, and found the sovereign under her, on the chair, as I saw her put her hand down from the stocking under the chair—there was no sovereign there before—I have been a female searcher two years.





BENJAMIN ROBERTS
. I am a policeman. I was sent for—the prisoner denied having any money but three halfpence—after she was locked up, I went with the prosecutor to the prisoner's lodging, and we searched a caddy on the table and found a caddy-spoon,





MARY CLARK

re-examined, This is my spoon, I missed it about four months ago—I told the prisoner somebody had stolen it—she has chaired for me about a year and a half.

Prisoner's Defence. I lived fellow-servant with Mrs. Clark at an hotel—she knows I never tool a farthing—I lived at the Thatched House in St. James's street, and never had my name brought in question—the spoon was all over mildew—I took it down among the dust, and put it into my pocket, as it was old—that is a year and a half ago.




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—Recommended to mercy by the prosecutrix.—


Transported for Seven Years.
