



2812. 



JOHN RIPPEN
 was indicted

for unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously assaulting 



John Bullock, on the 
3rd of October, and cutting and wounding him upon his face and left cheek, with intent to kill and murder him.—2nd COUNT, stating his intent to be to maim and disable him.—3rd COUNT, to do him some grievous bodily harm.—4th COUNT, to resist and prevent his lawful apprehension and detainer.






ELIZA KING
. My father keeps the Cart and Horses public-house, in Clerkenwell. The prisoner came to the house on the 3rd of October, in the evening—I do not know at what time he came in—he had been in the house before the disturbance took place—in the course of the evening there was a disturbance, and I went into the tap-room and saw him quarrelling with some people there—I begged him to be quiet—he answered, "It is not my fault"—I said, "Well, sit down, and take no notice and be quiet"—I left the tap-room again—I again heard another noise, and entered the room again—I then saw him standing by the fire-place, and a chimney-sweep standing by the door with a little blood on his face, as if he had been struck by somebody—I again begged of the prisoner to be quiet, and not to ill-use the sweep, for he was tipsy—he said I had nothing to do with it—I said I had a good deal to do with it, for there was a disturbance in the house, and I could not suffer such conduct there—he then threatened to strike me, and used very bad language—I was frightened, and said, I supposed he took advantage of me because my father and brother were absent—I came out, and sent Miss Smith for my brother John, who lives next door—he came in, and requested the prisoner to go out quietly—he insisted on being served with a pint of beer—I told him I would not draw him any more—my brother sent for a policeman—during this time he was calling my brother names, and wrangling with him—I cannot state what he said—he was saying he would not go out—the policeman Bullock came as I was standing at the door—I called my brother to the door, and he gave the prisoner in charge—the Policeman asked me if I would appear against him if he was taken to the station-house—I said, "Yes"—Bullock then went into the tap-room, and what

he said to him I cannot say, but he came quietly from the tap-room door to the street door, and there I saw him scuffle with Bullock, apparently trying to throw him down, and by and by I saw Bullock bleeding—finding there was no other policeman near to protect him, 1 called out "Police," as loud as I could, and assistance came—after the mob had dispersed from the door, a man picked up a knife, which I looked at and returned to the man, and told him to take it after them—it was a white handled pocket-knife, with the point broken off—I cannot recollect what I or my brother said to the policeman when he first came, but I think my brother said be had been attempting to strike me, and making a disturbance in the house—I cannot say what time of night this was—it was before ten o'clock, but we had no clock in the house, as it was gone to be repaired.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was the prisoner a customer, in the habit of frequenting your house? A. Yes, I believe he sells cat's-meat about in a barrow—there might have been about a dozen people in the tap-room at first—I cannot tell exactly—the prisoner was not quarrelling with a man named Turner—I do not know whether he was in the tap-room—I know he was in the house—I believe the prisoner was sober—it was not became he was intoxicated that I refused to serve him any more—I cannot swear what my brother said to the policeman—the prisoner did not strike me, nor attempt to do so, but he threatened it.





JOHN KING
. I am brother of last witness—I was sent for, and came to the house—I found the prisoner there—he wanted some more beer, my sister would not serve him, and I told him to leave the house—when, I came in, she complained that he had threatened to strike her—I can hardly remember whether that complaint was made in his presence, but to the best of my recollection it was—she said he had threatened, if she did not serve him with more beer, to knock her head off, and when I came in be wanted more beer—I told him to leave the house—he said if I offered to meddle with him, he would knock my head off—I then sent for a police-man—Bullock came—I told him to take him away, as be had threatened me and my sister—Bullock told him he must go with him—he went out of the tap-room door with him quietly—when he got to the street-door, just stepping out, he put one arm round Bullock, and jobbed him in the face with the other hand—I suppose it was with a knife, but I did not see it, I saw blood flow immediately all over the prisoner from Bullock—Bullock held him for some minutes after he was stabbed—they struggled—the prisoner put his legs between Bullock's, as if to throw him, but Bullock turned him on his back before he left him—other policemen came to his assistance after some time, as I called for the police—he was taken away, and Bullock was taken to the surgeon's—I was not there when the knife was found.

Cross-examined. Q. Was he standing quietly before the fire when Bullock came in? A. I did not take particular notice, I cannot say whether he was or not—Bullock went in first, and I followed—I did not see him till Bullock took him in charge—he just put his hand on him, and said "You must come along with me"—he might have put his hand on his arm—I was within a yard and a half of him—to the best of my recollection, I think he was standing by the table when Bullock went in, but I do not recollect.





JOHN BULLOCK
 (police-constable G 116.) On the night of the 3rd of October, I was called to the public-house—I saw John and Elizabeth

King—they said the prisoner had been making a disturbance, and threatening their lives, and they gave him into custody—he was standing at the fire-place in the tap-room—I said to him, "You must go with me to the station-house"—he walked very deliberately with me—I took slightly hold of his right arm—he walked to the street-door with me, he then took hold of me, clasped me with his left hand, and plunged the knife into my face with the other—he put his legs between mine, and tried to trip me up—I caught him by the collar, and put him down backwards—I scuffled with him some time, assistance came, and secured him, and I went, with t he assistance of two men, to the surgeon's—I was wounded in the left cheek, and have been ill ever since from it.

Cross-examined. Q. Every thing was quite quiet when you went in was it not? A. Yes, I saw no disturbance—there were six or seven persons in the tap-room, low sort of persons, sort of costermongers—Turner was there—it was a few minutes after eight o'clock.





JOSEPH GINGER
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody from Bullock, who was bleeding very much at the time—I took the prisoner to the station-house—I produce a knife which I received from a person in the crowd—there was blood on it.





MARIA MATILDA SMITH
. I was at the house on a visit. I beard the prisoner say to Miss King, that if she did not draw the beer he would knock her head off—the policeman was sent for—I saw him go into the tap-room, touch the prisoner on the shoulder, and tell him he must go with him—he went quietly out at the tap-room door, until he got to the streetdoor—I then saw him put his left hand on his shoulder, and with his right hand plunge something into his face—I did not see what it was—I saw blood follow—after the prisoner was taken away, I saw a man pick up a knife, and give it to Miss King—she gave it to the man again, to take to the station-house—(looking at one)—it was such a knife as this.





HENRY STENTON
. I am foreman to Mr. Stapleton, a scavenger. I was having a glass at the bar—I saw Bullock come in, on being sent for—Mr. King gave the prisoner into his charge for having threatened the life of his sister—Bullock said, I shall consider you in my custody," and took hold of his arm—he walked quietly to the street-door from the tap-room door—when he got outside the threshold of the street-door, he took out of his right side breeches-pocket a white-handled knife, and thrust it into the policeman's cheek—the knife was open at the time, and unbroken—Bullock said, "I am stabbed," and he fell on my left shoulder, bleeding—there was a scuffle after that, till assistance arrived—I took Bullock to surgeon, and the prisoner was taken to the station-house.

Cross-examined. Q. Was he not given in charge for disorderly conduct, and threatening to strike Miss King? A. I understood Mr. King to say disorderly conduct, threatening the life of his sister—not threatening to strike her.

COURT. Q. Did you not say before the Magistrate, "for disorderly conduct, and threatening to strike his sister?" A. Yes—the policeman had not struck him in taking him to the door.





WILLIAM TURNER
. I am a farrier. I went to the public-house to have a pint of beer—the prisoner was there before me—I saw him Pull a knife out of his right-hand pocket, and say he would stab the first one who should take him—that was about four minutes before Bullock came—when Bullock came Mr. King gave charge of him—Bullock said, "Do you wish to

give him in charge?"—Mr. King said, "Yes"—I heard no more—I did not remain longer, and did not see him stabbed—it was a white-handled knife I saw the prisoner take out—I believe the knife produced to be it—it was open and whole when I saw it—he placed his right hand in his pocket, with the knife in it, open, after using those words.

Cross-examined. Q. Where did you live? A. In George-yard, Leather-lane—I work for myself—I was quite sober—I had not been in the house more than twenty minutes—I was in the tap-room about ten minutes—the prisoner stood before the fire, and I was by the table—my arm almost touched him—there were about six or seven people there when the policeman came.

COURT. Q. Did the policeman strike him, or do any thing to him? A. No.





JAMES EDMESON
. I am a surgeon. The prosecutor was brought to me on the evening of the 3rd of October—he had an incised wound on the left cheek—it produced a considerable effusion of blood—the wound passed in a direction between the eye and nose, and directly downwards to the jaw—it was about three inches long, and passed entirely through the cheek at one point.

Cross-examined. Q. I believe the wound was not dangerous in itself? A. No—the man was in no danger, except from loss of blood—I do not apprehend any danger now.




GUILTY* on the third Count—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Before Mr. Justice Bosanquet.
