



543. 




ELIZABETH HARDEN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
31st of January, 1 pair of spectacles, value 2s. 6d.;4 sovereigns, 2 sixpences, and 2d. in copper monies; the goods and monies of 



Alexander Whitelaw.






ALEXANDER WHITELAW
. I am an engineer, and live in Lower Grove-street, St. George's-in-the-East—I am a Scotchman. On the evening of the 31st of January I fell in with the prisoner in Pentonville—I wanted a cab, and the prisoner came up and asked me if I would allow her to go in the cab—we both got into the cab—I was not sober, but knew pretty well what I was about—I thought I had about six or seven sovereigns—I am sure I had four at least and some silver and copper—it was all in one of my breeches pockets, and I had a pair of spectacles in the same pocket—I told the cabman to drive to White chapel church—before I got out of the cab I missed my money, and said to the prisoner, "You had better give me my money"—she said she had not taken it—I called an officer, and gave charge of her—she still denied it—she was taken to the station-house and searched, and there I saw my spectacles—I had not missed them before—there were four sovereigns and some odd money found on her—these are my spectacles—every thing I had in that pocket was taken—I feel confident there was more money than what was found on her in my pocket.

Prisoner. He came into the public-house where I was, and offered me and the cabman a glass of rum—he then forced me into the cab, and

wanted to take liberties with me in the cab. Witness. There' is no truth in that at all.





WILLIAM SWAN
. I am a cabman. The prosecutor took my cab—the prisoner got in voluntarily, she did not resist—I drove then, and they stopped at a public-house—he called for a pot of half and half—when that was drank the prisoner wanted another—the prosecutor was going to pay for it, and missed his money—he said, "Call as officer," and I drove on to the station-house.

Prisoner. Did you not find me in a public-house? Witness. The prosecutor and you were both in a public-house when you were taken up—you went into the cab freely.





THOMAS OLIXHAM
 (City police-constable No. 371.) I was called on in Aldgate High-street, and the prosecutor gave the prisoner into custody for robbing him of seven sovereigns and upwards—he had sense enough to know what he was about—the prisoner said she had not got any money about her at all; and she said at the station-house that she had not a farthing about her—I found two sixpences, one penny, and two farthings in her pocket, and these spectacles were in her bosom—my brother-officer found four sovereigns inside her stockings in my presence.

Prisoner. Q. Did I not say I found them in the cab when he was pulling me about? A. You said you found the spectacles in your lap.





RICHARD HALLET
 (City police-constable No. 367.) I found the four sovereigns in her stockings.




GUILTY
.* Aged 21.—


Transported for Seven Years.
