





549. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     MARSHAM
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 19th of January
, 1 brooch, value 15s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 3s.; 1 scarf, value 1s., and 1 umbrella, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ann 
                     Gray
                  




               
            .


                  ANN 
                  GRAY
               



            . I am a widow
, and live in Leicester-square. On the 19th of January I met the prisoner in Holborn, it was after dark - I do not know the time; I was going home, and did not exactly know my way - I went into a house to get some refreshment, and there I met the prisoner; I had been at work all day at a gentleman's house, at St Katharine's-docks - the prisoner and I spoke to one another; I asked her if she knew Leicester-square - she said she knew it, and would go and show me the way; we went there - I saw the gentleman of the house at the door, but the servant was not at home; the gentleman sent me to the King's Head public-house, to get a lodging for the night - I took the prisoner there to give her some return for showing me the way - and while I was talking to some person there, the property stated was gone, and the prisoner also; my brooch had been in my pocket, my umbrella by my side, and the other articles were in a little parcel behind me on the seat.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CLAGGET
               



             (Police-constable E 98). I took the prisoner on the evening of the 20th of January; I found this umbrella there, with two handkerchiefs, and this scarf on her.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  THOMPSON
               



            . I live at No. 13 Buckeridge-street. The prisoner lodged with me; on the Sunday morning, about one o'clock, she came to pay me her rent; she had something in her hand, which looked to me like a brooch - I did not examine it.
Prisoner's Defence. It was not a brooch, it was a pin.I had been on the Saturday to take some clean linen to a friend in St. Bartholomew's-hospital, and on returning, I met the prosecutrix in a public-house, opposite Middle-row; she spoke to me, and said she knew the family I lived with - she asked me to show her the way to Leicester-square; I went as far as Drury-lane, and then I wished to go home, but she urged me to go to Leicester-square with her, and said she would give me one of her handkerchiefs to tie my dirty linen in - we then went on, and the gentleman asked her if she was going to Hampstead; she said No, she was going to sleep with me - I said she could not; she then said if I would go with her to St. Giles', she would give me some cap-ribbon - I went with her, and there she got this parcel; we then went to a public-house, when she gave me the cap-ribbon and this other handkerchief - we then went to Leicester-square, and she gave me the umbrella to carry to the public-house; we had some more to drink there - I do not recollect where I parted with her, but I got into some dark passage, and the officer took me; we were both drunk.


                  ANN 
                  GRAY
               



            . I did not give her the umbrella to carry - I lent her a cambric handkerchief till I parted with her; I put my parcel behind me at the King's Head - I was not at all intoxicated.
JURY. Q. When did you lose your brooch? A. While I was at the King's Head - it was taken out of my pocket, and I believe by the prisoner - it had belonged to my husband, and I did not wish to part with it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
