




1458. 




JOHN JOHNSON
 and 




GEORGE MELVIN
 were indicted for

for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Margaret Evans and another, on the 
28th of May, at 
St. Michael, Cornhill, and stealing therein, 1 scarf, value 13s., their goods.






SAMUEL THOMAS
. On the evening of the 28th of May I was in Corn-hill, and saw the two prisoners between eight and nine o'clock in the evening at the window of No. 25; I watched them, and saw Johnson scraping the putty off the window; he left pff when there was no carriage coming by, and went and stood under a court; but when a carriage came by he went to the window to work—they went backwards and forwards—a piece was taken out of the glass—I then saw Johnson put a piece of wire in the window, and move the things—the wire got hold of a scarf—I then went to look for a patrol, and when I came back I found them in custody—I had not seen them take the scarf out, but it was moved towards them—they were together—I went and examined the window, and saw the wire hooked into another scarf ready to be pulled out—it was not the one I had first seen.

Johnson. Q. Did you see me pull the scarf out of the window? A. No; I saw you put the wire in—both the scarfs were black—one was taken from you, and the wire was still in another—they were both black, but had different spots upon them.





GEORGE WILSON
. On the evening of the 28th of May I was going along Cornhill, between eight and nine o'clock—I saw both the prisoners at the corner window—it was Mrs. Evans's shop, a hosier's—I delivered a parcel lower down the street, and when I came back I saw a hole cut in the window, and the two prisoners standing a short distance off—I went

on towards Birchin-lane and met Sherwood—I told him of it—I came back with him and secured Melvin—Sherwood took Johnson—I pushed them into the shop—I searched Melvin, and found a black satin scarf in his left hand jacket pocket—I delivered it to Sherwood.





RALPH SHERWOOD
. I am patrol of Cornhill-ward. On Monday evening, the 28th of May, a little before nine o'clock, I was on duty in Birchim-lane; in consequence of what Wilson said, I went back with him, concealed the collar of my coat, and got before the window, where I saw the two prisoners, and pinned them just on the window, exactly on the spot where the hole was cut in the glass—I seized Johnson, pulled him into the shop, and shut the door—Wilson produced this black scarf in the shop, and gave it to me—I have had it ever since—I searched Melvin at the station-house, and found two instruments on him for starring glass, and picking out the putty; and a piece of wire was given to me in the street by Thomas.





MARGARET EVANS
. I live at No. 25, Cornhill, in the parish of St. Michael. I carry on the business of a hosier there, in partnership with Jane Griffin—she is married, but carries on business there as a single woman—we both live in the house, sleep there, and take our meals—we have the whole house—her husband sleeps and lives there—on the evening of the 28th of May, Sherwood brought the prisoners into the shop, and asked me if that scarf belonged to me, which he produced—it belongs to us, I knew it again—it had my mark upon it—I had put it into the window about six o'clock—it is worth 13s. 6d.—I looked at the window which had been cut, the scarf gone, and every thing in disorder—the window was quite perfect at six o'clock—this is our scarf—here is my mark upon it.





SAMUEL THOMAS

re-examined. That is the scarf I saw the wire hooked to when the prisoners were at the window—I know it by the pattern—I can swear to it—I found the wire in the window when I came back, and gave it to Sherwood.

Johnson. He says the scarf was taken oat of the window while he went for the officers—I am innocent of it.





SAMUEL THOMAS

re-examined. While they stood under the arch, I went to the window, and saw this pattern scarf there near the broken glass—this is the one that the hook was first put into, before I went for the patrol.

Melvin's Defence. Passing up Cornhill on the 28th of May, I saw the scarf and nail lying close under the window—I picked them up—no sooner had I got them in my possession, than Johnson came and looked at the window, and directly the patrol came and took us both into custody—Johnson knows nothing of it.

JOHNSON*—

GUILTY. Aged 20.

MELVIN*—

GUILTY. Aged 18.




Transported for Ten Years.

