



561. 




HENRY JOHNSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of January, 90 3/4 yards of linen cloth, value 5l. 10s.; 40 yards of flannel, value 45s.; 160 yards of calico, value 65s.; 20 yards of muslin, value 5s.; 18 yards of ribbon, value 4s. 6d.; 36 yards of merino, value 36s.; 18 yards of coloured cotton, value 16s.; 93 yards of printed cotton, value 50s.; 3 shawls, value 10s. 6d.; 4 stocks, value 3s. 6d.; 20 pairs of stockings, value 1l. 6s.; 2 blankets, value 8s.; 2 counterpanes, value 8s.; 1 flannel waistcoat, value 2s.; 1 pair of drawers, value 2s.; 2 pairs of braces, value 10s. 6d.; 7 pieces of tape, value 3s. 6d.; 17 balls of worsted, value 8d.; 24 balls of cotton, value 8d.; 17 reels of cotton, value 1s.; 16 ounces of pins, value 2s. 8d.; 6 handkerchiefs, value 4s. 6d.; and 12 yards of holland, value 9s.; the goods of 



Thomas Dalton, his master, in his dwelling-house.







THOMAS DALTON
. I am a linen-draper. On the 14th of January, I was opening a new shop in Broad-street, St. Giles—it it not my dweiling-house—I had only the back-room second floor and the shop—I never slept there—the prisoner was my shopman—I stocked the shop on the Friday, and he slept there that night—he came to my service on the 12th, at another shop which I have—he removed into Broad-street on the 13th, and I left him in possession of the goods, amongst which were all this variety of articles—he was to commence business on my account—on the 14th, in the morning, I sent another shopman with Mrs. Dalton, and they found the shop not opened—I went myself in the afternoon and found the prisoner on the bed in a state of intoxication—I immediately discharged him, and then examined the stock—I discovered this loss partly on the Saturday night, and on the Sunday afternoon I misted the rest—the amount altogether was about 30l.—I was to give him 40l. a year, and he was to sleep on the premises—I gave information on the Sunday, and he was taken that night—I saw him at Bow-street on Monday morning—he called me aside and said, "Mr. Dalton, you have got every article, you may depend upon it, that I took away from you"—I said, "I think I have except a piece or two of muslin"—"No, "Said he, "you have got all."





JAMES WILLIAM HOLSTON
 (police-constable F 75.) I had information of this robbery at half-past four o'clock on the Sunday—I made inquiries at a house No. 52, Gray's-inn-lane, which was the direction he gave the prosecutor—I then went to No. 58, and found the prisoner in bed there—I told him he must get up and go with me—I looked under the bed and found two bundles containing a great quantity of property—I found in the other room a large box, I asked him whose it was, be made no answer—I asked him for the key—he refused to give it me—I broke it open and found the rest of the property—I said I wanted him about Mr. Dalton's robbery, and took him with me.





WILLIAM SHIRLEY NEWTON
. I am a shopman to Mr. Waller, a pawnbroker. I produce a shawl which was pawned by the prisoner.





FREDERICK LANCE
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a piece of linen, pawned by a woman whom I know—she is not here.





WILLIAM MURDOCK
. I am a pawnbroker in Liquorpond-street. I have two dress-pieces and a piece of linen, pawned by a female.





HENRY WILLIAM HAMPSTEAD
. I am a pawnbroker. I have two pieces of cotton, pledged by a woman on the 14th of January.





WILLIAM FAULKENER
. I am a pawnbroker. I produce a piece of merino, which was pawned by a female.





THOMAS ANDREWS
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a piece of linen and cotton, pawned by the prisoner's wife—I saw her with the prisoner at the office, on the opposite side of the table.





ARCHIBALD CAMPBELL RUSSELL
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a piece of cotton, which was pawned by a female.





JAMES WILLIAM HOLSTON

re-examined. This is the box—I found the woman was his wife—I have the certificate of their marriage.
(Property produced and sworn to.)

Prisoner. Being tipsy at the time I committed the offence, 1 beg your

Lordship's mercy, fur the sake of my wife and nine children—I never had a stain on my character before.




GUILTY
 of Stealing only. Aged 37.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
