





1933. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     MONK
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 27th of August
, 1 chaise, value 20l., and 2 spring blinds, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Scurry
                  




               
            .
MR. HEATON conducted the prosecution.


                  MARY 
                  SCURRY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Scurry
               



             - he lives in Hunter-street, Brunswick-square


. On the 27th of August my child's chaise was in the parlour, and the blinds laid in the room - I missed them between one and two o'clock; I saw the prisoner about two in Brunswick-square - the chaise is worth 20l., and the blinds 1l.; the pannel of our front kitchen door had been taken out, and in the prisoner's pocket we found a key, which fitted the lock of the area gate.


                  JAMES 
                  COOPER
               



            . I was visiting at the prosecutor's. I received information, went out at the street door, and saw the prisoner dragging this chaise, seventy or eighty yards from the house; he attempted to make his escape, but another person came up, and he was taken - we found on him three skeletons, and four other keys, a screw-driver, and two knives.


                  JOHN 
                  CLINTON
               



            . I assisted in taking the prisoner - this key found on him fitted the area gate; I saw the prisoner scuffling with Cooper, and secured him - the kitchen door had been entered.


                  WILLIAM 
                  JONES
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I took the prisoner.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I have a wife and four small children - I did it from want.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
