





1298. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     CARVAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of June
, 1 portmanteau, value 2s.; 1 blanket, value 1s.; 1 quilt, value 1s.; 4 jackets, value 4s.; 3 pairs of trousers, value 3s.; 2 shirts, value 1s., and 2 waistcoats, value 1s. 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  James 
                  Smith
               



            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     Robert 
                     Walker
                  



               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I am a City-officer. On the 21st of June I was coming from Whitechapel: the prisoner and two others ran by me - I saw something like a knife in his hand; they went along Aldgate High-street, and overtook a cart loaded with baggage - they were all three together; I saw the prisoner go behind the cart, and put his hand on the things which were in it - I did not then see any thing taken; they followed the cart on, and by the church met three or four others - they all followed the cart down Houndsditch, and when it got opposite Gravel-lane


 the prisoner went behind it, took something out, put it on his shoulder, and went down Gravel-lane with it; they all went down the lane - I was about thirty yards off; I secured the prisoner with this portmantean on his shoulder; the others ran away - Walker was driving the cart: I opened the portmantean - it contained the articles stated in the indictment.
ROBERT WALKER. This was my cart; I was driving it - I was employed to carry this portmanteau and other goods; I had tied the portmanteau on the cart, and on receiving information I jumped down, and found they had cut the ropes and taken it.
WILLIAM SCOTT. I am clerk to Messrs. Fosters, brokers. I know this portmantean belonged to Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Smith
               



            , an officer in the East India free trade - it was under my care; I employed Walker to fetch it from the docks.
Prisoner's Defence. I was in Houndsditch - some boys came up and asked if I would carry the portmanteau for them for 1s.; I was out of work and jumped at the job, having had no victuals all day.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
