





1410. 
               
                  ELIZABETH 
                  HARWOOD
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of August
, 3 half-crowns; 7 shillings; and 4 sixpences; the monies of 
                     
                        John 
                        Stafford
                     




                  , from his person
            .
JOHN STAFFORD. On Saturday might, the 3rd of August, I met the prisoner, whom I had known before - we had a few words, and I went with her to a house - I had no money, and I sent the landlord of the house to pawn my watch - I got 20s. on it - we then had a pot of porter, a pot of half-and-half, and half a pint of gin - I had 16s. 6d. given to me, which I laid on the ledge of the window - I then went tobed, and I was found in bed - whether they had put any thing in the liquor I do not know, but I was in such a state as man never was in this world - I was so ill I could not go to work till the next Monday - when I awoke, the prisoner and all my money was gone.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SHEEN
               



            . My mother is landlady of the house - the prosecutor came there with the prisoner - he sent me to pawn his watch - I fetched a pot of porter, and a half-pint of gin - I gave him the change - he drank but trifling, and then went up stairs with the prisoner - they had one pot of half-and-half up stairs by themselves - they went up about eleven o'clock, and in about fifteen minutes after the prisoner came down with a pot in her hand - she went to the water butt in the yard, rinsed the pot, and then drank herself - she then went up stairs, and tied her bonnet and shawl to her legs with a string - she went out - I fetched her back - I got an officer, who found this money in her shoe - the prosecutor was in such a state from the noxious drug that he had taken, that he could not be awoke till the next morning.


                  DENNIS 
                  REGAN
               



             (police-constable H 22). I was called, and found 13s. 6d. in the prisoner's shoe, and 6s. in her hand - she owned that all the money belonged to the prosecutor but 5s. 6d.
Prisoner's Defence. This man said he was ill - he asked if I knew where he could get a lodging - I told him, and he said he should be glad if I would show him, and I did so - he said he had only one sixpence which he dropped on the pavement - when we got to Sheen's his watch was pawned, and half a pint of gin was brought in, and a pot of beer - they drank the gin, and we had the beer between us - the prosecutor then laid the money on the ledge, and it fell down, and he asked me to pick it up, and pay the reckoning - I said it was paid, and he laid down on his back - I went and told Mrs. Sheen the man was asleep, and I had his money - she said, "You can leave the house, but do not take the money" - I said, "No; I will not leave it, but in his presence" - she then wanted to take the money by force - I said, she should not - I went to put it in my shoe, but I could not get it all in - he then sent for the officer.



               GUILTY
             - Aged 36. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
