




2146. 




SUSANNAH WEBBER
 was indicted for

stealing, on the 
3rd of September, 1 which, value 3l.; 1 watch-chain, value 30s.; 1 seal, value 15s.; 1 watch-key, value 5s.; 1 bag, value 2d.; and 10 sovereigns; the goods and monies of 



Francisco Pignatelli; and 




ANN BOULTON
 was indicted for

maliciously and feloniously inciting, &c., the said Susannah Webber to commit the felony aforesaid.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.







FRANCISCO PIGNATELLI
. I am a sailor. I came home about three weeks ago, and am residing at No.19, Providence-street. On Saturday eight, the 3rd September, at ten o'clock, I saw the prisoner Boulton in the King William public-house—she asked me to treat her with a drop of gin, and so I did—I paid for it, and changed a sovereign there—I received the change from the master of the house, and she took two half-crowns out of my hand—I did not give her permission—I asked her to give it to me again—she said, "I won't giver it you again, you come and sleep with me, "—I said, "I won't sleep with nobody"—then she ran away from me—I had known her before, she lived in New Gravel-lane—I went there at half-past ten o'clock the same night—I knocked at the door, and found Webber—her house is about twenty fathoms from where I was drinking—Webber opened the door—I asked where Ann was—she said, "She is not in the house"—it was raining, and I sat down in the chair, and just as I was sleeping, Webber said, "Why do you sleep in this way? You had better go up stairs and lie down on the bed"—I said, "Well, when she comes into the house you call me"—I went up stairs and laid down—I took my jacket, handkerchief, and hat off, and put on the chair, and my waistcoat and watch under my pillow—there was ten sovereigns in gold in a small bag in my waistcoat pocket, and 14s., and some small coppers in the other waistcoatpocket—she took away the last copper—I fell asleep, and awoke at two o'clock in the morning—I heard the watchman sing out, and knocked at the door because I could not open it myself—Webber came up and opened the door—I asked her what time it was—she said, "I think it is two or three o'clock in the morning"—I said, "Well, now I will see what o'clock in is"—she said, "Last night your two shipmates came up stairs to you, and took away your watch and money"—I said, "What business had you to let them come to take my watch and money? that won't do; I suppose you took it to take care of it; if you give it to me back again, I will make you a good present"—she said afterwards, "If you don't knock off that word I will give you something"—I went to the house of my companions, and returned, and told her my shipmates had never been near—she said, "Yes, two of your shipmates came up stairs, and took your watch and money; and when he came down he gave me 1s. as a present"—I said, "I won't do; that is not true; give me my watch and purse, and I will give you a present"—the policeman heard a noise—he came and said "What is this?"—I told him what I accused her of—he overhauled all the house, to see if he could find any thing—she took up a knife, and said, "If you don't knock off that word, I will run you through and though"—the policeman found some of the property under the floor.

COURT. Q. After you went to the house, you never saw Boulton? A. No; for any thing I know, she was gone before I went there.

Cross-examined by
MR. BODKIN
Q. You told Boulton you would not go to sleep with her at the public-house? A. Yes—there were no other persons there—I had not given her any reason to believe I was going to the house—when I got there I was sleepy—I had not been drinking—I was quiet sober—I sat down because it rained—I suppose I was there a quarter of an hour before she said I had better go up stairs—she did not ask me to stay and sleep till had fallen asleep—she locked the street door, not the room door—I was obliged to knock, because I could not find the fastening in the dark—she locked the street door, and put the key for her breast, and said nobody should come in—I have slept in that house before, with Boulton.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was there any thing else in the bag? A. Yes; the direction of my shoe-maker, which I had put there twelve months ago and a pin.





JOHN FORWARD
 (police-constable K 181.) On Sunday morning the 4th of September, I went to this house, and there found the prosecutor and Webber—he said to her, "You give me you property, and I will make you a handsome present"—I turned back and said, "What is the matter?"—he said, "A mere nothing; I only want to get my property"—I said, "Tell me the truth"—he said, "I have been robbed of my watch and money"—I searched the upper part of the house, and when I came down she took up a knife and was going to stab him—I ran between them, and took her out to a place in Pennington-street, where she said the shipmates lived—when she saw the man there, she said that was not the man—I locked the house door when I went, and took the key with me—I then returned to her house, and under the floor I found a dirty cloth, and three sovereigns in it, under about a foot of dust—there had been a board fresh broken up—I went again on the Tursday following, and found this card concealed in some foreign grain that was over the first-place—I shook it,

and the card fell out—the prosecutor said, "That is my card"—Webber said that it was her money which she had been saving up.

Cross-examined. Q. Who keeps the house? A. Boulton—Webber lives servant there—it is a low neighbourhood—there are two rooms—it was in the lower one—the money and card were in separate places—supposing the two shipmates went up and took this money, they would have to pass through the lower room to go out—they could not have dropped the card there, for it was concealed away in some foreign grain—they might have thrown it into the fire.

MR. BALLANTINE
Q. Was there a fire in the house? A. No.





FRANCISCO PIGNATELLI

re-examined. This is the card of a person that the sailors deal with—he gave it me twelve months ago.





MARY WHITE
. I live in Union-street, Shadwell. On Sunday week, the 4th of September, the Prisoner Boulton came to me at half-past one o'clock in the morning for a bed, and, as such, I granted it—she had no one with her—she slept alone, and paid 1s. for the bed.





EDWARD KENNEDY
 (police-constable K 228.) On the 4th of September I apprehended Boulton, and asked her why she slept out all night—she said she had her man there, and she was obliged to go to No. 21. Union-street, to sleep with another.

Webber's Defence. These two men came—they were strangers to me—one asked for Francisco—one sat down, and the other went up stairs—then he came down and gave me 1s.—I remained down stairs all the time—I never went to bed at all—when he asked me what had become of his watch and money, I said I did not know any thing about it, without his two shipmates had taken it—the money is my own—I had it three weeks before, from a young man who is gone to sea.

WEBBER—


GUILTY
. Aged 41.—


Transported for Seven Years.

BOULTON—


NOT GUILTY
.
