





318. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     GREEN. alias 
THORN





               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of January
, 3 saddles, value 6l., and 3 bridles, value 30s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Pennington
                  




               
            .
THOMAS PENNINGTON. I am a veterinary surgeon
. On Saturday morning, the 1st of January, I missed these things from my stable, in Little Northampton-street, St. John-street


; I had seen them at six o'clock the evening before; I found my stable broken open, and found the property at Bow-street - I have seen the prisoner about my place.


                  JAMES 
                  DAVIS
               



            . I keep a cab. On Saturday morning, about two o'clock, I was near the top of Holborn-hill -I was called out of the watering-house, and saw the prisoner standing by my cab - he asked if I was engaged; I said I was going home - he said he had been looking for a cab for half an hour; I asked where he wanted to go - he said he wanted to take a few things from his stable to his lodgings; he had got a dog and a whip with him - I went with him across Smithfield, down St. John-street, and Compton-street, and stopped by Parcival-street - he told me to wait there; he returned to me in about five minutes with the property - I saw the saddles but not the bridles; I drove him to White Hart-yard, Drury-lane - he got out, and knocked at, I think, No. 2; he told me it was his lodging - a Policeman came up, examined the property, and he was taken into custody.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. What became of you? A. I was taken to the watch-house, but not detained more than a quarter of an hour - the property was all tied up together, and I could not see the bridles.


                  WILLIAM 
                  TELLING
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was on duty in White Hart-yard, and saw Thorn with the cab - I saw the prisoner get out, with a dog; he threw the apron of the cab over; I said, "What have you here?" he said, "Harness;" I questioned him - he said it was his own, that he lived at No. 2, and his name was Green; I said, "Your name is not Green, I know who lives here;" he said he did live there - I took him to the watch-house; there were three bridles, three saddles, and a chaise whip.
Cross-examined. Q. Did you not take the cab driver? A. Only to take the property - no charge was made against him; I asked where he first took the prisoner up - he said,"Over the water, on this side the Elephant and Castle;" I asked the prisoner where he brought the harness from, and he said, the Elephant and Castle.
MR. CHURCHILL to THOMAS PENNINGTON. Q. Have you any other Christian name? A. My name is Thomas Charles.
COURT. Q. What is the name you do business in? A. Thomas - I have signed the name of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Charles
               



            , but am usually known by the name of Thomas only, and always pass by that name only.
MR. CHURCHILL. Q. How long is it since you signed your name as Thomas Charles? A. I cannot say - I generally write my receipts Thomas only; I will not swear I have not written the name Thomas Charles within the last twelve months - I am not so well known by that name as Thomas only.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 25. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
