



2202. 



HENRY TONKIN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
2nd of September, at 
Walthamstow, 3 ✗dles, value 5l.; 46 spoons, value 26l.; 1 pair of sugar-tongs, value 10s., 1 butter-knife, value 12s.; 1 skewer, value 17s.; 26 forks, value 20l., 5 mugs, value 7l.; 1 cork, value 3s.; 1 snuffer-tray, value 2l.; and 1 handkerchief, value 3s.; the goods of 



John Watson Borradaile, his master, in his dwelling-house.


MR. DOANE
Conducted the Prosecution.






JULIA NORTON
. I am cook in the service of Mr. Borradaile. The prisoner was his footman for five or six weeks—on the evening of the 2d of September my master went out to dine—that was known to al the servants—about eight o'clock in the evening the prisoner shut up the house, and then went out—he said he was going to take his boot to be mended—he was gone much longer than he need have been going to the shoemaker's which

is about a quarter of a mile—he was gone nearly an hour, if not more—when he returned he was very pale—I remarked it to him, and he told me he had been very much frightened—he washed himself before supper, after he returned, which was not usual—after supper, between nine and ten o'clock, when I was going to bed, I wished Eliza, the nursery-maid, to go with me to bed, and the prisoner said, "She has gone to bed, and has taken the plate up"—I took the candle to go to bed, and met Eliza,—I told her what the prisoner had said—she said, "I have not touched the plate"—I turned round to the prisoner and said, "Henry, where is it? where did you it?—he said, "Oh! Cook, I left it all ready on the dresser"—(we frequently carried it up stairs to save him the trouble)—I went into the pantry with Eliza and him, and the plate was gone—he said, "Oh! what is to be done? the plate is gone!"—he said, "Oh! my master will have me takes up"—we searched to see if any body was in the house—he went with us into every room, and finding nobody, he went to inform master—that was about ten o'clock—he returned with my master, and was taken into custody that night.

JURY
Q. Did you ask him what had frightened him? A. Yes—he said a man had jumped over the hedge, and frightened him very much and he had like chains rattling after him—I had seen no stranger, of my description, about the house—my fellow-servant and myself were about our work as usual.

Prisoner. Q. You saw me go out of the house with a boot in my hand? A. Yes—I cannot say exactly at what time you returned.





ELIZABETH RODWELL
. I am nursery-maid to Mr. Borradaile. On the evening in question, after the house had been shut up by the prisoner. I had occasion to pass from the kitchen up stairs—I went through the hall; the first time I went up the hall door was shut—it was merely on the latch—it ought to have been locked—this was about eight o'clock—there are panes of glass on each side of the hall door—one of the shutters was down, and the other up—the pantry opens into the hall, very close to the door—there was a light in there, which would enable any body outside, looking through the glass, to see if any body was in the hall—I saw the plate-basket on one end of the dresser at that time, and the candle on the other end—the plate was quite safe—I went up again in about twenty minutes or half an hour—I then found the back door open—I closed it but I cannot say whether the plate was there, as I did not suspect anything—I am quite certain it was there on the first occasion—I did not see a creature about the house.

JURY
Q. Could any stranger going by look through the window and see the plate? A. Oh, no.





JOHN WATSON BORRADAILE, ESQ
. I am a merchant, and live in Fenchurch-street. At this time I was staying at Walthamstow—it was my temporary dwelling-house—the prisoner came into my employ about the 1st of August—on the 2nd of September I was dining out, and about a quarter past ten o'clock, just as I was preparing to return home, the prisoner came to me—he knew as early as nine o'clock that morning that I was going to dine out, as I had sent him to the house to inquire at what time the dinner hour was—he came to me at ten o'clock, and said something very serious had occurred at home—I asked him what it was—he said the plate was all gone—I asked him how it happened—he said he did not know, he had left it all safe in the pantry, and had been out to the boot-maker, and then told the story about being frightened by somebody jumping out of a bridge—I

was not at all satisfied—he returned with me on the box of the carriage—in the mean time a policeman had been sent for, whop arrived in a few minutes after I got home, and, after questioning the servants, he said to the prisoner, "You are concerned, you know something about this," and recommended me to give him in charge, which I did—he was remanded until the 5th, and then discharged, the plate not having been discovered—I have since seen it all—(looking at it.)—this is my plate—I have examined it at Worship-street, and at the station-house—the value of it is from £60 to £70—this handkerchief is also mine.





JAMES DAWTREY
. I am a policeman. On the evening of the 12th of September I was on duty in Lea-bridge-road—between nine and ten o'clock the prisoner passed me, going towards Walthamstow—he had this large cloak on, with a fitch collar and fitch cap—he wished me good night—I wished him good night, and he passed on—between twelve and one o'clock I met him coming in a direction from Walthamstow—he was carrying his arm under his cloak, and, as he passed me, I turned round and perceived something bulky under his cloak—I called on him to stop, as I wished to speak to him—he immediately ran away—I sprang my rattle, and pursued him closely—I had no lantern with me—my brother officer, Rolfe, came out of the adjoining beat and stopped him, and he found the property—the prisoner's hands were dirty—there was a deal of mould on the plate, and his hands had mould upon them—I searched him, and found the handkerchief now produced on his person—I told him I had seen him go down the road—he denied it, but after questioning him again he said he could not recollect it.





JOHN ROLFE
. I am a policeman. I was on duty in Pond-lane, and came up to the prisoner and secured him—I left Dawtrey to search him, and returned to the spot I stopped him at, and there found a carpet-bag, containing a basket with the plate in it which has been produced—I found it at the corner of the Back-lane.





THOMAS GODWIN
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner into custody the first time, and searched him—I found this carpet-bag and this basket is a field—the prisoner afterwards acknowledged them to be his.
The prisoner put in a written Defence, declaring his innocence, and stating that he had merely left the house to go to the shoe-maker's; that on the night of his second apprehension he was not in possession of my bundle; and the handkerchief found on him he picked up on Len-bridge, and it being a wet night, he might then have dirtied his hands—that he should have stopped, on the policeman calling to him, but, being late, he was anxious to get home.




GUILTY
.
(The indictment also charged a previous conviction.)





THOMAS JOSEPH WEST
. I am a policeman. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Clerkenwell—(read)—I was present at his trial—I am certain he is the man.


GUILTY.—


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Common Sergeant.

