



1543. 




ROBERT SYDNEY IRWIN
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
5th of June, at 
St. Luke's, Middlesex, 12 watch-cases, value 40l.; and 1 watch, value 6l.; the goods of 



George Atkins, his master, in his dwelling-house.






GEORGE ATKINS
. I am a watch-case secret springer, and live in Iron-monger-row, St. Luke's. I keep the house—the prisoner was my appentice, and is nineteen years old—on the 5th of June I left him at work, and went out—when I came back I missed twelve gold watch-cases and a watch—I did not see him again till the Wednesday week following, when I found him in custody, and ten of the watch cases were found in his pocket—the value of the property found on him is about 40l., and my loss about 46l.—I did not miss them till I went to the work-box next morning to go to work—all the gold work was gone, and a box with a watch in it besides.


Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you a character with the prisoner? A. A friend recommended him to me, and after he had worked for me some time I took him as an articled apprentice—the night before this he broke a bedstead down, I blowed him up for it, and he would not go to work on the Tuesday morning—he said he would have three days' holidays—I said I could not afford it, and would not let him have it—he is quite right in his mind—I never saw any thing to the contrary—he conducted himself very honestly while with me, and I entertained a good opinion of him.





THOMAS WILLIAM FISHER
. I live with Mr. Ward, a pawnbroker, in St. John-street, Clerkenwell. I produce a watch which was pledged by the prisoner on Tuesday, the 5th of June.





JAMES WEATLEY
. I am a grocer. I was informed of the robbery by Mr. Atkins; and going up the New-road, on Wednesday the 13th of June, the prisoner passed me swiftly—I immediately turned round, and taw him mend his pace considerably—I followed him down from nearly the back of St. Pancras Church as far as Judd-street, and some considerable distance up Judd-street; and then, not meeting with a policeman, I took him into custody—I afterwards saw him searched at the station-house, and ten gold watch cases, 18s. 6d. in silver, I believe, and a cigar-case were found on him—the watch-cases were given to the policeman.





HENRY KAY
. I lodge in the prosecutor's house—when the prisoner left the premises he left them all open.





WILLIAM QOMERY
. I am a policeman. I searched the prisoner, and found these ten watch-cases on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
.* Aged 20.—


Transported for Ten years.
