






132. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     WESTBROOK
                  




               
             and 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  POLDEN
               




             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of November
, 1 canvas bag, value 2s., and 170 lbs. of hops, value 8l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Anthony 
                     Nichol
                  




               
            .
POULDEN 


               pleaded GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .


                  ROBERT 
                  PATTERSON
               



            . I am servant to 
               
                  Anthony 
                  Nichol
               



            , a wharfinger
, at Hackney. The prisoner Westbrook came with his waggon and a quantity of goods to be shipped to Alnwick - he came to Dowgate-wharf


, which belongs to Mr. Nichol; there were two bags of hops in the warehouse: the goods he brought were deposited on the wharf - he did not inquire about any hops, but while we were getting a hogshead of sugar out of his waggon he and another must have got this bag of hops into his waggon, which stood on the wharf for about a quarter of an hour; Poulden was with him - one of the people belonging to the wharf gave me information; the foreman got a lantern to examine the pocket of hops which was in his waggon; I had not seen it put in, but am sure there was no hops in the waggon when I first saw it - I asked Westbrook how he came by the hops; he said he did not know - I said it could not get there without his knowledge; Poulden got out of the waggon, and went away then - I asked Westbrook his name; he said John Thomas - he was taken into custody; we looked into the warehouse, and missed a bag of hops, worth 8l. - the weight was marked on the bag.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q.Was there any mark on the bag, by which you knew it? A. No - the direction was on it before, but that was torn off; I put amark on it, to know it was the one I took out of the waggon; I did not see the prisoners come on the wharf - I saw them both in the waggon together; it had just stopped at the wharf when I came up - I cannot say what representntion Poulden might make to Westbrook about the hope; I have seen Westbrook there two or three times before - I cannot say how often.


                  GRIFFITH 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am foreman at Mr. Nichol's wharf. Hughes called me - I came with a light, and saw the prisoners in the waggon rolling a pocket of hops from one side, of the waggon to the other; it was between five and six o'clock - I had seen the bag of hops in the warehouse after two o'clock that afternoon; the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Dale
               



             was on the waggon - his waggon is at our wharf two or three times a day; the prisoners were both in the waggon - I asked them what the hops were which they had there - Westbrook said he did not know; I said, "I must see what mark it is;" I went round the waggon to look, and found there was no mark on it - I jumped into the waggon, and said to Westbrook, "Why, you have torn the direction off this;" he said he knew nothing about it - I said, "Where is your mate?" he said he had no mate, and did not know who I meant; Poulden had gone out of the waggon while I went round - I missed a pocket of hops from the warehouse; Westbrook took and turned the hops out of the waggon, and said they did not belong to him, he did not want anything to do with them - he was given in charge; I had not seen the waggon enter the yard.
Cross-examined. Q.Poulden, I believe, jumped out of the waggon, and ran off? A.He ran off, and escaped - Westbrook remained behind to deliver his goods; I do not recollect ever seeing him before - Dale has different carmen - it was a quarter of an hour before the officer came; Westbrook did not attempt to escape - the officer brought Poulden back.
JURY. Q.Were the goods delivered before you saw the hops in the waggon? A.No; they were getting a hogshead of sugar out - I had not seen the prisoners in the warehouse.


                  JOHN 
                  HUGHES
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Nichol. I saw the waggon come to the wharf; it had a hogshead and some small goods in it, which were put on the wharf, not in the warehouse; both the prisoners came with the waggon; I saw them lifting the bag of hops into the waggon, and asked them if it had fallen out of the waggon - they said Yes, it had; they were both in the waggon - I then told our foreman I thought it had not; he went to look at the direction - if there had been a bag of hops in the waggon when it came in I must have seen it; there was none - Westbrook threw it out; Poulden had run away.
Cross-examined. Q.Which of them said it had fallen out? A. I cannot say which - some goods were still in the waggon; the hogshead was being taken out at the time - any body who went to the waggon must see them.


                  EDWARD 
                  KING
               



            . I am a street-keeper. I took charge of Westbrook on the wharf - Patterson said he and another had put the hops into the waggon, and asked Westbrook why he did so; he said he did not know who they belonged to - that some person asked him to put them up, and he supposed they wanted him to give them a cast some distance; I asked who the person was, or where he was to take them - he said he did not know: I asked where he was going next - he said to another wharf; I did not then take him, but watched him, and in a quarter of an hour took him in charge; I saw Poulden join him at the corner of Brick-hill-lane - I went up, and took him to the watch-house, then went with Westbrook to deliver a cask at another wharf, and then took him.
Cross-examined. Q. It is common for one man to ask another for "a lift?" A. Yes - I have known him two years driving for Mr. Dale, a town-carman, who employs eight or ten men - he was about three quarters of an hour delivering goods; he might have escaped, after I took Poulden, if he chose.
COURT. Q. Did you see any body but Poulden speak to him? A. No.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Westbrook's Defence. I was unloading; now the gentleman says he saw Poulden in the waggon, he was never in the waggon at all; I got up, and never got out of the waggon till I had unloaded every thing, and know nothing about the hops.
Westbrook received a good character.
WESTBROOK - 


               GUILTY
             Aged 50.
Recommended to Mercy. - 


               Confined Six Months
            .
