



1875. 




JAMES ANDREWS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of June, 5 shillings and 5 sixpences, the monies of 



Ann Bull, from her person.






ANN BULL
. I am a widow. On Saturday night last, about 11 o'clock, I was opposite a butcher's shop in the Broadway, Westminster, seeing what I could purchase—I had my money in my right-hand pocket—I felt a hand leaving my pocket—I turned sharp round, and saw the prisoner making away from me as fast as he could—I felt in my pocket, and missed 7s. 6d., which had been loose in my pocket, in shillings and sixpences—I told my son, who was with me, to follow the prisoner—I followed as fast as I could, but a female caught hold of me and entangled me—the

prisoner was taken, and I followed to the station-house, where he was searched—I attended the next day at the office, the prisoner was in custody—he asked me How much I had lost—I said, seven shillings and six-pence—he said he would give me a sovereign if I would not get him into trouble—an officer, who saw us in conversation, called me, and made me tell him what it was.





GEORGE BULL
. I was with my mother—the prisoner was standing on the right-hand side of her—I saw him pointing with his right hand to the meat, and with his left hand he was feeling at my mother's pocket—my mother turned round and missed her money—a woman then stopped my mother—I had seen that woman with the prisoner.





JOHN PURNELL
. I am a plumber. I heard the cry of "Stop thief!" and saw the prisoner pass my door in a great hurry, followed by several people—he was forced to turn back, it being no thoroughfare—he fought his way back—I heard the renewed cry of "Stop thief!" and stopped him—he resisted very much, but I kept him till the policeman came and took him.





HENRY POLLINGTON
 (police-constable B 138.) I took the prisoner, and in his left-hand trowsers pocket I found five shillings and five six-pences.

Prisoner's Defence. I was returning from Camden Town, where I had met two or three friends, and drank more than did me good—I was charged with picking the pocket—I can just recollect that I ran across the road, and when I was taken they took 7s. 6d. out of my pocket—I awoke in the morning, and found a half-crown and one halfpenny in my pocket—the money was my own—I had just changed a half-sovereign—when we were at the office the prosecutrix said, "Give me back my money, and I will not proceed against you"—I said I would give her a sovereign not to get me into trouble.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Ten Years.
