





244. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     JONES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of November
, 1 canvas bag, value 2d., and 8 sovereigns, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Incell
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  INCELL
               



            . I am a corn-chandler
, and live on Stepney-green. On the 26th of November, at twenty minutes after nine o'clock in the evening, I met the prisoner in Whitechapel-road - she was a stranger; she asked where I was going - I said to Stepney; she said she lived there herself, and we walked on together - it was rather dark at the time; I had been taking a glass with a few friends - all on a sudden, when we got to Hanibal-street


, she said she saw somebody she knew; I felt my purse, which contained eight sovereigns, drawn from my trouser's pocket - we were stopping at the time, as she said she lived there; I called the Policeman, who came and took her - I had not given her the purse, nor taken any liberty with her.


                  GEORGE 
                  WALTER SHEW
               



             (Police-constable K 50). I was called, and saw the prosecutor holding the prisoner - she wanted to get away; it was about half-past eight o'clock - he accused her of stealing his money, and she denied it; my brother-officer searched her - I heard a sovereign drop, and picked it up; I found the purse after she had gone to the station, about two yards from where I first saw her - it was empty; seven sovereigns were found tied in her shawl.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOMER
               



             (Police-constable K 173). I took off the prisoner's shawl at the station, to search her, but the inspector said he would send for a woman - the shawl was then on the table - the inspector took it up, and found seven sovereigns, tied up at the end of it; this is the money.
Prisoner's Defence. He accosted me first; the sovereigns are not his - he offered me 1s.; the purse fell down, and I took it up.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 30. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
