





1505. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     POWELL
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of June
, 1 pewter measure, value 1s. 6d., and 1 wine glass, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Peartree
                  




               
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HALTON
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Peartree
               



            , who keeps the Three Compasses, at Pimlico




. - The prisoner came there about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, on the 8th of June - he asked for a quartern of gin; the bar-maid drew it - he took it, and went out with the measure and glass: he had not paid for the gin - I went out, and when I got outside the door he was a hundred yards off - I followed him; he turned the corner of King-street, and I lost sight of him for about a minute, but I caught sight of him again, and came up with him with the glass - I called for the Policeman, and while he was coming the prisoner gave me the galss, but would not give me the measure - when the officer came he ran down a cow-shed, pulled another glass out of his pocket, and broke it; the officer then took him, and another glass was found in his hat - we could not find the measure then, but it was found on the step of a door in King-street, and about one quarter of the gin was gone out of it.
Prisoner. I paid for the gin. Witness. You did; just as I called the Policeman you gave me a sixpence, but did not stop for the 2d.


                  THOMAS 
                  DRAKE
               



             (Police-constable B 119). I took the prisoner, and have the glass and measure.
Three witnesses gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 37. - 


               Judgment Respited
            .
