



410. 





JOHN WILKINS
 was again indicted

 for stealing, on the 
11th of December, I pair of shoes, value 2s. 6d. the goods of 



John Pavey Sherry, his master.






JOHN PAVEY SHERRY
. The prisoner was my errand-boy, and had been to fire weeks—when he went home with a pair of shoes which I had sold, he never returned, and the following morning we heard that he was at the station-house—I went there, and found he had been taken up on suspicion of having a pair of shoes, but had been set at liberty—I went and found him at his mother's house—I did not miss the property from the shop—he was sent with them.





CLEMENT CATLIN
. I am an officer. On the 18th of December I was going to Worship-street, and Mr. Smith, the pawnbroker, said that the prisoner had offered a pair of shoes in pawn, and he stopped him with them—I took the shoes and prisoner to the station-house—the prisoner told me that his mother had sent him out to pawn them—I went to his mother, and found her story corresponded with his—he was discharged, and then the prosecutor came—I said he was discharged, and then I went with him to the prisoner, and asked what he had done with the shoes—he said he had pawned them the night before, and had spent the money—I took him to the pawnbroker's, and found the shoes, which I can swear were the same I saw at the pawnbroker's the evening before.





JOHN CHUBB
. I have shoes that were pawned by a lad, about the size of the prisoner, on the 18th of December—I do not like to swear to the person—it was about his size—if I were compelled to swear I should say it was not this lad—I would not swear it—if I say one way or another you would think I was doing wrong—I do not recollect the youth I took them in of—it is impossible, in the multitude of pledges we take in, to recollect for three weeks together—I was examined before the Magistrate—the youth I took them in of was in size and stature very much like the prisoner.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)
