




2777. 




JOSEPH STANDLEY
 and 




JOHN BARBER



were indicated for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Edward Giggs, on the 
9th of October, at 
Greenford, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 2l. 2 handkerchiefs, value 8s.; 2 shirts, value 1s.; and 8s.; his goods and monies.






EDWARD GIGGS
. I am a labourer, and occupy a house in the parish of Greenford. I went out to work, on the 9th of October, at six o'clock in the morning—in consequence of information I went home about five o'clock in the afternoon, and found my window broken, and the house robbed—a pane of glass was broken, and the bottom sash thrown up—I missed a frock-coat some silk handkerchiefs, and 8s., from a box—I found a bundle in the back. room—I had noticed the prisoners coming in a direction from my house, about an hour and a half before I was fetched home—they were not a quarter of a mile from my house—I went after them with Sandilands the constable, and found them in a house in Smallbury-green—a shirt was produced from Barber's back, which was one of those I had lost—the mark had been torn off, but I knew it—this is it—(looking at it.)

Standley. I gave a regimental shirt away, for one of these shirts.

Witness. I know nothing of Standley, I never saw him before—they were apprehended the same evening.





SARAH GIGGS
. I am the prosecutor's wife—I know this shirt by having mended it with calico—it is a linen one—this shirt was taken from Standley, in my presence at Brentford—I knew it to be my husband's, and one of those lost.





STACEY JARVIS
. I am a labourer, and live at Greenford. I saw Barber walking under the prosecutor's garden-hedge, about three o'clock in I afternoon, on the 9th of October—he was alone then.





JOSEPH PORTER
. I live at Greenford. I saw the prisoners together, on the 9th, coming across a field, in a line from the prosecutor's house-they were about a quarter of a mile from it when I first saw them—Standley asked me the way to North Hyde—Barber had got a bundle under his arm—Standley did not appear bulky.





HUGH SANDILANDS
. I am a horse-patrol. I received information from the prosecutor, and accompanied him to a house kept by Standley's mother, where I found the prisoners, up stairs—Standley was dress in regimentals, and the other as he is now—I told them I was come to them into custody for housebreaking at Greenford—they thought at first I was come for them for desertion—I handcuffed them—they both denied having been near Greenford—I took them to the station-house-a shirt was taken from Standley's person next day, at the office, which the prosecutor claimed.


Barber's Defence. They are two regimental shirts, which I bought of two navigators.

STANDLEY†—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

BARBER—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Ten Years.
