



2116. 




ELIZABETH REID
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15th of September, 1 jacket, value 5s.; 1 handkerchief, value 4d.; 4 pence, and 13 halfpence; the goods and monies of 



Edward Anderson, from his person.






EDWARD ANDERSON
. I belong to the brig Sceptre, of Shields. I lost a jacket and handkerchief on the 15th of September, when I was drunk—these are mine—I had 4l. when I came from the ship, and I lost every thing I had—when I came from the ship I got a drop of drink in the public-house, and the jacket was gone off my back—I put my hand in my pocket, and my money was gone—I asked the landlord if he knew any thing of it—he said he did—I came to the door, and saw the prisoner with my jacket—I asked her for it—she would not give it me—she began to curse and swear, and how to get my jacket I did not know, so I thought it was the best way to give her to the police.

Prisoner. You took me away from a young man, a captian, who I was with—you took me to the Coach and Horses, and called for a quartern of rum, and you told me to pawn the jacket, and I would not pawn it—I came back with the jacket to the public-house.





ALFRED LEE
. I live at No. 43, Lower Cornwall-street. I went on this morning to the Crooked Billet, in King David-lane—I saw the prosecutor there, and the prisoner—she put her hand into his pocket, and Pulled out 10 1/2 d. counted it, and put it into her pocket—I came out, and told my master of it—I went in again, and saw the prisoner take the jacket off his back—he was so drunk that he could not help himself—she rushed out of the house—the man went to sleep for an hour—then he missed his jacket, and made an oration about it; and then I went to the door, and saw the prisoner with the jacket—she abused me, and would not give it him, and said it was not his—I gave her in charge—the prosecutor was so drunk he could not have given it to her. Prisoner. I was worse in liquor than he was, and he gave me jacket to pawn.





SAMUEL WOOD
 (police-constable K 147.) I was called—the prisoner denied that the jacket was the prosecutor's—she was not drunk, but the prosecutor was—this jacket and handkerchief were in her possession.

Prisoner. All I had was 10 1/2 d.—he told me to pawn his jacket, which I would not—if I had any inclination to keep it, I should not have come back again in half an hour with it—I was very drunk.




GUILTY
.* Aged 28.—


Transported for Seven Years.
