



484. 



JOHN CHARLES HACKNEY
 was again indicted

 for feloniously
forging a certain order for the payment of 5l., 6s. 6d. it with intent to defraud 



Stephen Fullalove.







STEPHEN FULLALOVE
. I am a china man, and live in Oxford-street. Mr. Miskin is my surgeon. I knew the prisoner when he was his assistant, and did not know he had left—on the 16th of December, about half-past eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came to me and said he had come from Portman-square from Mr. Miskin—he gave me this note—it was wafered—I opened it, and found this cheque in it—my wife gave the prisoner cash for it my order—when he was going away, I called him back to sign his name on the back of the cheque, which he did in my presence—he signed it "Henry Miskin"—I did not know that was not his name—I thought he was Mr. Miskin's nephew.





WILLIAM MISKIN
. This note and cheque are not my writing—I did not send the prisoner with any note to Mr. Fullalove on the 16th of December—he was not then in my employ—the note is in his handwritting, and the cheque and signature also—he is not my nephew—I never khew him by the name of Miskin—I did not authorize him to draw cheques.

Crass-examined by
DOANE. Q. I believe there was an interval of a week between the two transactions? A. Yes—I believe he has been betrayed into this by persons older in vice than himself (letter read.)
"To Mr. Fullalove, No. 300, Oxford-street. Mr. Miskin presents his respects to Mr. Fullalove, and would feel particularly obliged if he would be so kind as to cash the enclosed cheque for Mr. Miskin, having been called to an old patient who is come to reside in Portman-square, who is likely to detain him some time, and my nephew is going to start for Oxford at half-past twelve o'clock, and consequently has not time to go to the Bank—if Mr. Fullalove would be kind enough, Mr. Miskin will call in the evening, and take the cheque from him, not to trouble him to send to my banker's—hoping you are all well, I remain yours truly, William Miskin. Friday morning, half-past eleven o'clock.




GUILTY. Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.






Confined Two Years, and then 


Transported for Life.

Before Mr. Sergeant Arabin.

