





581. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     SMITH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 5th of February
, 11 pieces of foreign silver coin, called dollars, value 2l. 4s.
            , the monies of 
               
                  
                     Edward 
                     Norton
                  




               
            .


                  EDWARD 
                  NORTON
               



            . I am a seaman
, employed on board the London packet. I had a trunk containing some property, and about twenty dollars, as near as I can guess- I left it in the chamber adjoining where I slept, at 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Young
               



            's; the prisoner at first lodged in the same room; he was sent to that lodging by the American Consul - he was there three or four weeks; I lost the key of my trunk, and got a new one - on the 5th of February I missed from eight to twelve dollars from my trunk; I know one of them was particularly marked with blackspots on the face - I had an old key filed to fit my lock; I do not know what became of the first key - I had it in my pocket one afternoon, and the next morning it was gone - the prisoner then slept in the same room.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  DAVIES
               



            . I have known the prisoner about five weeks; he has been in the habit of coming backwards and forwards to me - we had lived together; he gave me eight dollars to get changed, and two he had given me before; I changed them at Mr. Cushway's, at the Royal Sovereign, and took two and 2s. to the Angel, to get half a sovereign for them, and two I took to a pawnbroker's in Ratcliff-highway, but I do not know the name - the prisoner told me he wanted the half-sovereign; I got it, and gave it him on last Friday fortnight.


                  WILLIAM 
                  CUSHWAY
               



            . I keep the Royal Sovereign. I received five dollars from Davies, I think, on the 5th of February - I gave her 4s. for each dollar; I gave them to Mitchell.


                  WILLIAM 
                  MITCHELL
               



            . I received these five dollars from Cushway: I had taken the prisoner on the day before; I asked if he had any money about him; he said none whatever - I asked if he had any dollars; I searched and found on him half a sovereign and a duplicate for a pair of trousers.


                  MARY 
                  WATERS
               



            . My husband keeps the Angel public-house, Back-road, Shadwell. I received two dollars and 2s. from Davies for a half-sovereign - we take a good many; we value them at 4s. each; we had twenty-two dollars in the till - I cannot say how many I received that day; we have a drawer in which we put all the foreign silver - we have a good deal of foreign silver.


                  THOMAS 
                  WOOD
               



            . I am waiter at the Ship and Shears. The prisoner gave me a dollar to change one Friday morning, more than a fortnight ago; I took it to a pawnbroker, and got him 4s. for it.
EDWARD NORTON. Here is one dollar I can swear to by the black marks on it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 29. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
