





1017. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  COLLINS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of May
, 1 handkerchief, value 5s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Henry James 
                           Parsons
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .
REV. 
               
                  HENRY 
                  JAMES PARSONS
               



            . On the 6th of May I was residing in Welbeck-street. I was in Vere-street, Oxford-street


, about eleven o'clock in the morning - Mr. Howell spoke to me, and in consequence of what he said my attention was drawn to the prisoner, who produced a silk pocket handkerchief, which I knew was mine; I gave it to the officer.


                  EDWARD 
                  HOWELL
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Wilson
               



            , a saddler, in Vere Street. On the morning of the 6th of May I was at work, and saw the prisoner through a window which has a view of the street - I saw him pass on the opposite side of the way, and he was taking a red silk handkerchief from the prosecutor's pocket; it was similar to this - he put it into his right-hand trousers pocket; I ran out, took him, and called the prosecutor - I said to the prisoner "You have robbed that gentleman;" he said "Let me go - let me go" - he produced the handkerchief from the same pocket, and I gave it to the gentleman; the prisoner lifted up the pocket with his left hand and took it with his right.
WILLIAM MURTON. I am an officer. I received this handkerchief from the prosecutor - I searched the prisoner at the station; I found two silk handkerchiefs in his right-hand pocket, and one round his neck - I found 10s. in silver and 6d. in copper on him.
(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I found it on the ground, close to his heels.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
