



1250. 




ELLEN WELCH
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
26th of March, 1 coat, value 1l.; 1 pair of shoes, value 5s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 snuff-box, value 6d.; and 1 pair of spectacles, value 2s.; the goods of 



William Cuthell.






WILLIAM CUTHELL
. I am a tin-plate-worker, and live in Cartwright-street—I am subject to fits. I had a fit on the 26th of March in the street, about eight o'clock in the evening—I had a coat on, and a pair of shoes, also a snuff-box, and a pair of spectacles, about my person—I cannot tell how long I was in the fit—when I recovered I was at home—I then missed all this property—I do not know the prisoner.





DANIEL COLE
. I am errand-boy to Mr. Metcalf, a cheesemonger, in the Minories. I saw the prosecutor in a fit on the 26th of March, in East Smithfield—I saw the prisoner feeling in his pockets, and there was another girl at a distance, who kept going to her—I did not see any one else near him—the people looked at the prisoner, and then she took the prosecutor higher up the street—three little boys spoke to her, and asked her what she bad got—she said only 41/2d. out of his pockets, and she said she was going to nail him of his toggs, meaning his clothes—I was following her to see what she did, and she said she would murder me, or get some one else to do it, if I did not go back—I then told the policeman.





WILLIAM DIXON
. I am a tobacco-stripper. On the night of the 26th of Marcb, between seven and eight o'clock, I was passing by an archway

in East Smithfield, where the prisoner had got the prosecutor by some ruins—I saw the prosecutor had got no coat on him—the prisoner had a coat, and two boys had some clothes, and one of the boys had a pair of shoes—the prisoner said to the boys, "This is a fine one"—meaning the coat—they went away together.

Prisoner. Q. How can you say it was me? A. I knew you before.





DANIEL M'NAMARA
 (police-constable H 159.) I heard of this, and found the prosecutor under an archway, without his coat, shoes, and hand-kerchief—I assisted him home, and I look the prisoner on the Thursday following, from the description of the boys—I had known her before—she said she had never seen the man, and knew nothing about him—the property has not been found.

Prisoner's Defence. I never saw the prosecutor till I was before the Magistrate—he confessed he was so much in liquor he could not swear what was done—Cole is a boy of bad chraracter, and his mother owes me ill will, because I owe her some money—I could not have taken the prosecutor's coat of, if he was in a fit.




GUILTY
. Aged 16.—


Transported for Ten Years.—Penitentiary.

