



344. 




WILLIAM TIGGELL
. was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of January, at 
St. Andrew, Holborn, 37 yards of merino, value 5l. 2s. 6d., the goods of 



Ralph Eldridge and another, in his dwelling-house.—2nd COUNT., stating it to be the dwelling-house of 



Ralph Eldridge and another.






RALPH ELDRIDGE
. I am in partnership with James Smith, and live in Charles-street, Hatton-garden—it is my dwelling-house, and is in the parish of St. Andrew, Holborn. Last Monday morning, the 1st of January, an opposite neighbour, named Badger, came and told me something—I ran out in pursuit, and saw two youths carrying away some merino on one of their shoulders—when they saw me they attempted to throw them over into an area, and ran away—I pursued, calling "Stop thief," but they got out of my sight—I came up soon after and found the prisoner stopped by a stranger—I took hold of him—I heard him ask the man to let him go, saying that he had stolen nothing, he was no thief, and I heard something

about a broken window—to the best of my belief, be is one of the two that ran away, but I will not swear it—the value of the four pieces of merino is 5l. 2s. 6d. at cost price.





EDWARD BADGER
. I work opposite Mr. Eldridge's. Last Monday I saw two persons at his shop—the prisoner was one of them—they were talking together at the shop window—the other one went in—the prisoner waited outside until the other came out with the stuff on his shoulder, and then he walked off with him—I went and informed Mr. Eldridge, and they pursued him—I am quite sure the prisoner is one of the two.





JAMES SMITH
. I am a constable. I have two pieces of merino which I got from the prosecutor—they had been picked up.





GEORGS FINDLAY
. I got these two pieces of merino out of an area in Kirby-street, Hatton-garden.

MR. ELDRIDGE. re-examined. I picked up two pieces, one on the pavement and the other inside the area—they are two of the pieces the young man threw away—while I was at the station-house the policeman brought these two, which he found in an area—they are all four our property, and have our shop-mark on them.

Prisoner's Defence. I was going along, looking for a situation, and met this lad, standing next door by the fruit-shop—I was looking at some bills in a window to see if there was a bill about a situation—I saw the lad, and said, "Do you know of a situation?"—he said, "Yes, stop a minute, I will show you where there is one, but I must go into master's; I am going to take some goods home"—I said, "Very well"—he went in and came out after me, and said, "Come on, I will show you where the situation is"—I walked along with him, and presently saw him ran—I ran after him—he said, "Come on, don't stop behind"—I heard a cry of, "Stop thief," and made a grab at the tail of his coat to stop him, but a lad stopped me, or I should have caught him.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.

Third Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

