





428. 
               
                  JOHN 
                  BURN
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of December
, certain fixtures, (i.e.) 3 window sashes, value 30s., the goods of 
                     
                        Daniel 
                        Cornthwaite
                     



                   and others, and being fixed to a building; against the Statute
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the property of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Stratton
                  



               
             and others.


                  DANIEL 
                  CORNTHWAITE
               



            . I have a house, No. 6. Haberdasher-street, Hoxton


, which belongs to myself, my brother, and sister - I lost the sashes out of that house; I know they are ours.


                  HANNAH 
                  PARKER
               



            . On the 28th of December I saw the prisoner go into the prosecutor's house, about half-past two o'clock in the day, and cut a sash from the back parlour; he took out the beading, took down the sash, and cut the ropes.


                  THOMAS 
                  CLINKSCALES
               



            . I went to the house from Parker's information - just as I got there the door gently opened, and there was the prisoner - I asked what he wanted; he begged me to let him go, as he had a wife and a large family - Hampton took him; I looked inside, and found these three sashes tied up.
WILLIAM HAMPTON. On the 28th of December I went with this witness - we saw the door opening; the prisoner came out, and I caught him - he begged me to let him go; we took him to the watch-house, returned, and found the sashes.
JAMES PINKERTON. I received the prisoner in charge; I went to the house, and found the three sashes, which fitted exactly in the places, and the cutting of the ropes matched - I found on the prisoner a key, a turnbuckle, and a knife.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
