





139. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     BORRETT
                  



               
             was 


               indicted for embezzlement
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I live at No. 9, Dorset-street, Manchester-square


; the prisoner was the letter-carrier
 in August last; on the 7th of August, he brought me a letter - the postage was 2s. 3d.; it was charged as a treble letter; I opened it while he was there, and it was only double; I told him I thought it was overcharged; he said if I would give him the letter back, he would get the overcharge returned, and bring it to me; I saw him two or three days after, when he came again with a letter or newspaper, and I gave him the letter; I saw him again frequently, but did not ask him for it then; about a fortnight after I gave him the letter, I asked him if the letter and the money were yet returned; he said, "No, Ma'am, I have not yet got it from the office;" I askedhim some time after that again, and he repeated the same answer, that he had not yet got it from the office; I asked him a third time about three weeks or a month before I appeared at Bow-street, which is about three weeks ago; I asked him if he had brought me the letter and money; he said, "No, but I will see about it, and perhaps get it for you to morrow;" he has never given me either the letter or money; when I spoke to him about it, it was at my own house, which is in Middlesex; this is the letter; I am the wife of 
               
                  Robert 
                  Collins
               



            .
Cross-examined by MR. STAMMERS. Q. What is your husband? A. He keeps an Italian warehouse; he has lived there nearly five years; the letter was brought to me on the 7th of August, I think - I have a particular reason for thinking so, as a servant's character was inclosed in it, and the lady who sent it to me, wished me to give it to the servant who was anxiously expecting the character to arrive; the date of the post-mark is the 7th of August - it came from Lymington; I inquired of him for the overcharge; he always said he had not yet got it.


                  FRANCIS 
                  HARRISON
               



            . I am a window clerk in the General Post-office; it is my duty to make the rebate on overcharged letters; I keep a book to enter the letters on which those overcharges are returned - I have the book; here is an entry on the 10th of August, "Collins, No. 9, Dorset-street; the original charge 2s. 3d. - the allowance 1s. 6d.;" I erase the original charge, and put the reduced charge on the letter, and that is done on this letter by myself; it was reduced from a treble, to a single rate; there are other letters as well as this, seven or eight in number, overcharges; the amount of these overcharges is 5s. 6d; when this entry is made, the letters are tied together with a piece of string, and the amount being 5s. 6d., would be placed in that string, merely to secure it from falling out; the letter-carrier's bring them to us in that form, ande we tie them up again and and place the money immediatly under the string; they are returned next morning to the letter-carrier's office; I don't know whose custody that money would come to; my duty don't extend to that department; it is sent to the letter-carrier's office; the receipt of money is acknowledged by a person signing T. or J. Deacon; I don't know who he is; the entry is, "Mrs. Collins, No. 9, Dorset-street, 2s. 3d. - 1s. 6d.; signed, T. Deacon."
Cross-examined. Q. What do you call the rebate? A. An allowance made on letters overcharged; this book contains the entries of the rebates; there is no particular carrier employed for the purpose of taking the letters to the letter-carrier's office: the prisoner is certainly not the man to whom I gave the money.


                  JOHN 
                  DEACON
               



            . I am a letter-carrier of the General Post-office; I belong to No. 1 division, which the prisoner belongs to; when the window-clerk has entered in his book the overcharges and rebate, the overcharged letters are brought round to me by one of the sorters, with the money to be allowed on them; this is my signature to the book, acknowledging that I received the overcharges for that day; it is my duty to give to the carriers of the different walks, the overcharged letters and rebate; there is an entry of a letter directed to Mrs. Collins, No. 9, Dorset-street; I returned that letter and the money to the prisoner on Monday, the 12th of August; I gave him 1s. 6d. - he should have given that to Mrs. Collins; the prisoner's signature is on this letter; "Single, J. Borrett;" I cannot swear to his hand-writing, but if it had been written by any other person belonging to his district, I should have given it to the prisoner; seeing that name on the letter, understanding what district it belonged to, and knowing he delivered in that district, I should have given the prisoner the money; I have no doubt of the money and letter being given to him.
Cross-examined. Q. Not the slightest in the world? A. No; I am certain I gave it him; there is nothing particular which calls it to my recollection; I return rebates every morning - I don't remember the identical letter, nor giving him the 1s. 6d. on that identical letter - but I swear, according to the book, that I did return 1s. 6d. on that letter; I will undertake to swear, that I did give the prisoner 1s. 6d., as the rebate on that letter - I gave it to him, to return to Mr. Collins, not Mrs. Collins; I gave him the money to return to the party to whom the letter was addressed; he should not have given it to anybody else, except to a branch of the family.
MR. SHEPHERD. Q. Would he be justified in returning it to anybody, Mr. Collins authorised to receive it? A. Yes; if his wife received the letter, and paid the postage, he would be justified in returning it to her; I never gave the overcharged letter to a carrier, without giving him the money, as he would be answerable for it - he would not take it without the money.


                  JAMES 
                  AUSTIN
               



            . I am inspector of letter carriers. On the 2nd of November, I searched the prisoner and found on him an overcharged letter; this is it; the words"
               Single, J.
             Borrett," are in his hand-writing; if it were a double letter the word single would not be correct; I asked him what that letter was when I found it, and he said, that was a neglect of his; I asked him if he had received the postage for it, he said, "Yes;" I meant the return of the overcharge; nothing was said about any demand upon him for it - Mrs. Collins name was not mentioned to him.
Cross-examined. Q. Where was this? A. At the post-office.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  CRITCHETT
               



            . I am inspector of letter carriers to the post-office. When a carrier receives any overcharge to be returned, it is his duty to give it to the party the same day as he receives it.


                  MORRIS 
                  VINE
               



            . I am clerk to the magistrates of Bow-street. I took the depositions in the case between the Crown and the prisoner, before Mr. Halls the magistrate; these are the depositions - and this is Mr. Halls' signature; on the 6th of November, I remember taking down the prisoner's examination; neither threat nor promise was held out to him to confess, it was a voluntary statement on his part, perfectly; it was taken down from his own lips by myself, and read over to him by myself; he did not sign it; he was not asked to sign it; he was asked if he had anything to say - and said he had, and stated what is written in the deposition; when it was read over to him, nothing more was said to him - I never ask a prisoner to sign his examination, unless it be a confession - it was signed by the magistrate (read.)

The prisoner says, "I recollect taking a letter to Mrs. Collins which is produced, and I should imagine I received the rebate, but I have not paid back to Mrs. Collins the rebate, if I had I should have given up the letter. My not delivering the rebate and letter was a neglect of mine, for I forgot to deliver it from day to day."


                  JAMES 
                  LEONARD
               



            . I live at No. 14, York-court, East-street, Manchester-square; I have seen the prisoner there delivering letters - he brought me this letter(looking at it) - I paid 2s. 10d. for the postage - I opened it in his presence, and shewed him that it was a single letter; it came from Ireland - I required half the postage back again - he told me to give him the letter in a day or two and he would bring it to me with half the postage back again - I gave him the letter on the Saturday evening following, in High-street, while he was ringing his bell - the letter was directed to East-street, Mary-le-bone - he found me out - I saw him on the Tuesday following in High-street, and spoke to him about returning the letter, but I did not expect he would have it then; I told him I would meet him in High-street, the next evening, while he was ringing his bell, and I met him on the following evening (Thursday) and asked him for my letter; he put his hand to his side, and said he had forgotten it; I never saw him afterwards - I have never received my letter or money back - the letter was first delivered to me on a Tuesday or Wednesday - this Thursday, was the Thursday week afterwards - I had not authorised him to keep the money he was to receive for me, or to dispose of it.
Cross-examined. Q. How many times did you ask him to return you the overcharge? A. Once, I believe; I will swear I asked him once; I asked him for the letter twice; I did not ask him for the money, but, of course, I meant to have the money with the letter - when he clapped his hand to his side, he appeared to be feeling for the letter in his pocket, and then said, he had forgotten it; the letter is now torn across.
MR. ADOLPHUS. Q. It has been out of your possession all this while? A. Yes; when he took the letter from me, he said, he would return me half the postage, which would be 1s. 5d. - when I asked him for the letter I expected the postage also - I know this to be the same letter from the inside of it.


                  THOMAS 
                  BARROWS
               



            . I am clerk in the General Postoffice - it is my duty to make rebates on overcharged letters (looking at the letter) - I have no recollection of this letter; but here is a figure of mine on it, which enables me to say that it has passed through my hands(looking at the Rebate book) - here is an entry, dated 28th of October, which I believe refers to this letter; it does not correspond entirely with it; the entry is, "Mr. Wells, 14, York-street, postage 2s. 10d., 1s. 5d. allowed;" sometimes mistakes occur in entering the directions of letters, but not often; I have no doubt whatever but that entry refers to that letter - the book is signed by"
               J. 
            Deacon."
Cross-examined. Q. Have you any recollection of returning the rebate? A. Not the slightest; these transactions are too numerous for me to recollect them; this 1s. 5d. was put on the letter by me.
Q. Do you swear that when you entered "Mr. Wells, 14, York-street," you were copying from a letter, with"Mr. 
               
                  James 
                  Leonard
               



            , 14, York-court on it?" A. Yes; I believe it is the same; the direction was obliterated, and I read it "Wells" to the best of my recollection - I misread "Wells" for "James," but I believe it to be the letter from the correspondence between the entry and the letter - I have no recollection of it, except from the book; I read "James" for "Wells;" I did not see the surname - I may have copied that entry from some other letter; to the best of my belief, I did.
MR. SCARLETT. Q. The two figures on the letters are yours? A. I have no doubt of it; I have made no similar entry of 1s. 5d. for any other letter that day - I entered two pages of overcharged letters that morning - when I have a great many it sometimes occurs that one name is put for another - my sight is not very good.


                  JOHN 
                  DEACON
               



            . I am letter-carrier of the same division as the prisoner; my signature is to this book - on the 28th of October, here is a letter entered in the name of "Wells, 14, York-street;" I have signed the book for the amount of money for that division, I delivered the letters to the different carriers - the entry here is"Wells, 14, York-street," but I only sign for the amount I receive - I did not receive a letter that day directed to "14, York-street" - there is a letter entered here, "14, York-street," but I did not receive such a letter - my signature is to the book as having received 5s. 9d. for rebates belonging to my division - there is a York-street in our division - this letter is directed "York-court, East-Street, Manchester-square;" that is in the prisoner's delivery - I have no means of saying whether I received that letter with the overcharge - the prisoner receives the rebate letters from me - the direction of this letter is in his walk, and his name is attached to the letter in his writing - the letter shows it has been overcharged, and the money returned - that letter and the rebate would be delivered to him in due course; I should have delivered it to the prisoner - the Post-office date on it is the 23rd of October, when it went out of the office first - I have no doubt but that I delivered that letter to the prisoner, but at what time I cannot say - the address of the letter is not correctly copied into the book; there is no such an address in it for that day; there is an address of "Wells, &c." with exactly the same amount of postage.
Cross-examined. Q. Will you undertake to swear you gave any person the overcharge on that letter? A. Yes, positively but not to the time - it must have been after the 23rd of October, that I gave it to the prisoner - I have no recollection of giving it to him, no more than in the general way, as I gave him them every morning, as he sits in his seat, and the money also - he sits the third man from me, and I gave him the whole sum - I received the rebate from a man named Reed, a sorter; it came from the window of the Inland-office.


                  GEORGE 
                  LEADBITTER
               



            . I am a Bow-street officer. On the 2nd of November, I searched the prisoner, and found on him this letter in a pocket-book, in his coat-pocket - there were more letters of the same kind in his pocketbook - I asked him about this one letter in particular; hesaid, he had neglected to return the postage, and that he had to meet the man at the corner of the street, but he had not seen him; he did not mention the man's name, but I inquired why he had not returned the money to Leonard; he said, he had neglected to do so, and had to meet him as before.



               GUILTY of Embezzling the 1s. 6d.
             - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
