





59. 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     WILSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously breaking and entering a building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Susannah 
                           Nash
                        




                     
                  , on the 5th of December, 1830
, and stealing 1 bushel and a half of onions, value 5s., her property
            .
MR. CLARKSON conducted the prosecution.


                  RICHARD 
                  ROSEWELL
               



            . I am gardener to Mrs. Susannah Nash; she lives at the High-house, at Edmonton


. I had some unions of hers to tie up in the tool-house, which joins her building, and is surrounded by a brick wall and a shrubbery - there is no way of getting into it but by getting over the wall, or the shrubbery, or in at the gates - I tied up the onions, and placed them in an inner place inside the tool-house; I locked that place and the toolhouse safe on the night of the 5th of December, 1830 - I went to the tool-house the next morning, found the door shut, but not locked; but the key of that door I had left hanging up as usual, and it might have been opened - there was no marks of violence; I had the key of the inside place, where the onious were, in my pocket - I went in, and found the door of that place standing open; the lock was broken off, and banging by one nail - I went in, and found the door of that place standing open; the lock was broken off, and banging by one nail - I missed all the onions; I think there had been twenty-five or thirty strings of them - I told Mrs. Nash, and then got a warrant; I went to Mrs. Scate's house, which adjoins our premises, with an officer - the prisoner is her brother; we there found about a bushel and a half of onions loose, and found the strings of them under the stairs - I know they were my own tying, and have not the least doubt but that the onions had been fastened to these strings.


                  JAMES 
                  PORTER
               



            . I am a gardener to Mrs. Nash. I assisted in tying the onions - I saw them and the strings, at Mrs. Scate's, and know they were what we tied up.


                  HARRIET 
                  SCATE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Scate
               



            , and live near Mrs. Nash. In December, 1830, I was in the family way, and on Sunday night, the 5th of December, I was burning a light all night - the prisoner is my brother; he at that time lodged with me - I went down, between three and four o'clock in the morning, to see if he was coming to bed - I found him and Perry down stairs; they had a number of onions, and were picking out the rotten ones - they appeared to have been tied up in strings; I told my brother not to bring them there, as he knew my husband would not suffer any thing of the kind- Perry said he was going to take them away, and I think he mentioned something about his going after apples, and he got onions instead - my brother sometimes went to bed at nine or ten o'clock - I never knew him so late as that before.


                  GEORGE 
                  ANGUS
               



            . I am a labourer, and live at Edmonton - my master lives about a mile from Mrs. Nash. On the morning of the 6th of December, 1830, I got up at half-past two o'clock, to look after my horses; I met the prisoner, with Perry, about a stone's throw from my house, about half a mile from Mrs. Nash's house - Perry had a sack on his shoulder, which had something in it,but found no money on her, but 1s. 6d. was on the floor, but I could not tell what - they were coming from Mrs. Nash's, and close against her premises, though some distance from her house; they were about a furlong from Scate's, on the high road.
RICHARD WATKINS. I am an officer. I took the prisoner last Friday-week - I have been looking for him ever since Perry was tried.


                  RICHARD 
                  ROSEWELL
               



             re-examined. Q. Who lives in the house? A. Mrs. Susannah Nash - she is a widow; her son-in-law lives with her, but she is the proprietor.
Prisoner. I leave myself to the mercy of the Court.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 49. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
