





303. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     LAWRENCE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 1st of January
, 1 gown, value 10s.; 1 shawl, value 8s.; 1 shift, value 2s.; and 1 remmant of calico, value 3d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Unity 
                           Critchell
                        



                     
                  ; and 1 coat, value 10s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 8s., and 2 shirts, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Henry 
                  Simpson
               



            .
UNITY CRITCHELL. I am single
, and live at No. 5, Pleasant-buildings, Gray's Inn-lane


. I lost this property from a front room on the ground-floor; some were in a drawer, and the gown hung behind the door - the prisoner lived at the next house for a few days; these things were all safe at half-past four o'clock on the 1st of January, whenI went out - I returned between six and seven, and missed them; I found them the same evening at Hatton-garden.


                  HENRY 
                  SIMPSON
               



            . I live at No. 5, Pleasant-buildings. I saw this property safe in the room the same evening - here is a coat, a pair of trousers, and a shirt, belonging to me; I am a shipwright - I missed the things about eight o'clock, and found the room had been entered by a skeleton-key.
EDWARD BELL. I am a Police-officer. At six o'clock in the evening of the 1st of January, I stopped the prisoner with these things; I asked where he got them - he said he was taking them from his mother's, in Somer's-town, to his sister's, in Old-street - I left him in the possession of an officer, and went to Old-street-road, but could find no person of the description he gave; I found on him fourteen keys, five of which are skeletons - one of them is the same size as the key of this room.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going along Holborn, and between Brook-street and Hatton-garden, I met a young woman, the daughter of a landlady with whom I used to live; I spoke to her - a young man came up, asked me to carry a bundle to the 
               George
             the Fourth, Cloth-fair, and he would give me half a crown; I went on to Hatton-garden Office to get an affidavit of a waistcoat signed, but was too soon; I was going down Mutton-bill, and met the officer - I did not give him a satisfactory answer at first; I then told him if he would go to the George the Fourth he would find the person, but he refused.
EDWARD BELL. He said he had them from his mother's in Somer's-town.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
