



1405. 




THOMAS GILBRASS
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
27th of May, at 
Hayes, 1 heifer, value 7l.; and 1 cow, value 6l.; the goods of 




Edward Pocock.

Mr. PHILLIPS
conducted the Prosecution.






EDWARD POCOCK
. I am a farmer, and live at Okingham, in Berkshire, thirty-two miles from London. I received some information from a constable of Staines, in consequence of which I went to Southall—I had missed two heifers before that, and saw them there in the custody of Mr. Welch—I am quite sure they were what I lost—I had had them about two years—I saw the prisoner at the office at Brentford afterwards.





CHARLES EATWELL
. I am the prosecutor's servant. On Thursday evening, the 26th of May, I saw master's heifers safe in the field, about nine o'clock—I fastened the gate—there were five heifers in the meadow—next morning I missed two—I afterwards saw them at Southall—they were my master's heifers—I had put a pin in the gate, on they could not have strayed out—somebody must have opened the gate to get in.





JOSEPH SPILLMAN
. I am horse-patrol, of Bow-street. On Friday, the 27th of May, I was near Norwood-lane, which is not far from Southall, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, and saw two red heifers in the lane—nobody was with them at the time—I saw the prisoner soon after, about seven or eight hundred yards from where I saw the heifers—I asked him if those heifers were his—he said, not that he had helped to drive them from the Bell, at Hounslow, for a man—I asked him who the man was—he said he did not know—I took him into custody, and took him before Lord Mountford, by whose desire I took the heifers to Watch's premises—they were kept there.





WILLIAM BEARD
. I keep the Three Frogs, at Okingham, about half a mile from the prosecutor's from. I have known the prisoner ten or twelve years—on Thursday, the 26th of May, I saw him at my house between six and seven o'clock in the evening, with another men, who had a short jacket on, and white stockings—the prisoner was dressed in a white smock-frock—I saw him afterwards before the Magistrate in the same dress—he had one pint of ale at my house.





JOHN WILSON
. I am a bricklayer's labourer. I know the prisoner—on Thursday night, the 26th of May, about half-past eleven o'clock, I saw two cows and two men go along near Bagshot—I did not speak to them—I afterwards saw the prisoner before Lord Mountford—one of the man had a white smock-frock on, and the prisoner had the same smock-frock on before the Magistrate—I should know the other man by his dress.





EDWARD HURST
. I drive a horse and cart, and live at Isleworth. On Friday morning, the 27th of May, I was not with my horse and cart, near Hanwell, between seven and eight o'clock I should think, and saw some persons with some heifers—the prisoner was one of them—he was driving them along—he said to me, "Your old horse wears well"—I had seen him before—I cannot say that I had spoken to him—I asked him if he had had a fair any where about—he said, "Why, yes, there has been one a

long way off"—I asked him if he was going to take the cows to London—he said, no, but he was going to turn them out to grass—I thought the cows looked very well—they were very much fatigued, as if they had come a distance, and were dusty—the roads were very dusty—he went on, and left the cows behind—he turned them down a lane, but not into a field, when I saw them—he did not leave me or any body in charge of them—I went and unloaded my cart, returned the same road, and they were still in the lane, a little distance from where they were before—I did not see the prisoner then—there was another man—I did not see the prisoner again till to-day—I did not see him before the Magistrate—I was there last Tuesday week, but did not see him there—I was not a sworn before the Magistrate.

Prisoner. He says he never to me before, and when my master sold him a black horse, which he works, we drank with him.

COURT. Q. Was not the prisoner present when his master sold you a black horse? A. He was there driving a brick cart that day—I cannot say but we did drink—I cannot say that I said a word to him at all—I do not think I exchange a word with him, till I met him with the heifers—it is a hard thing to swear, but I think I did not—but we drank the day I bought the horse—that was two or three weeks before, I think—that was the old horse that he said worked well.

Prisoner. I asked him for a shilling when he bought the horse. Witness. No, he did not, to my recollection—I did not given him one.





JOSEPH SPILLMAN

re-examined. I found the cows in Norwood-lane—they were red—one was rather white in the face.





EDWARD HURST
. The cows I saw him with were the same colour as Spillman has described, as near as I can say.





EDWARD POCOCK

re-examined. I saw the cows at Welch's—they were mine—one was spotted and the other red, and the face white—one had calved and the other had not.

Prisoner's Defence. (written) On the 26th of May, at nine o'clock in the morning, two night patroles took me into custody in Norwood-lane—they asked the cows to the pound—they took me before Lord Mountford—he asked me where the cows came from—I told him I did not know—I was coming from Hounslow on Friday morning, about six or seven o'clock—there was a man came by me with two cows, we walked together about twenty minutes before we spoke to one another—he then said, "Good morning, young man, "—I returned him the same compliment—we then discoursed together—he said to me, "Where are you going to?"—I told him to Hanwell—"I am going through there," said he—when we arrived against the bridge he got before me, and turned the cows into the lane—he said, "If you are going to Hanwell, I wish you would inquire for farmer Rogers, and tell him I am in the lane with the cows"—asked several persons, they said they did not know the name—there were several people came by and asked me whose cows they were, and when they were going—this man told them that he was going to take them to Uxbridge—a man went down to him, and asked him where he was going, and whose cows they were—he said, "A young man's with a white smock frock on"—that he was short—and the man was gone to Hanwell—I had been in Hanwell about an hour, when a gentleman came and asked whether the cows belonged to me—I told him no—he told me they were ✗ing to the pound—he then asked whether I knew who they belonged

to—I told him no, but I believed they belonged to one farmer Rogers, as the man told me—a few minutes after I went down the lane, to ask the man what he meant by saying the cows belonged to me—when I got there I could see no one—I then turned round to come back, and met two officers and three or four men, who took me, and sent me to Clerkenwell—a witness came before the Magistrate—he asked him whether he knew the prisoner—he said no, but he believed he had seen him before—the Magistrate asked him whether I was the man that was seen with the cows—he said he could not say, for there were so many short men that wore smock frocks about there—he said there was a man with a smock frock, and another man with a brown jacket, with knee breeches and white stockings, rather tall.





EDWARD POCOCK

re-examined. Okingham is about thirty miles from Norwood-lane, the way they went—I tracked them across Bagshot-heath—I cannot judge the distance.





PHILIP ROBERTS
. I am agent for the attorney for the prosecution—Okingham is between twenty-three and twenty-five miles from Norwood—lane, which is in the parish of Haryes, in Middlesex.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—

Transporter for Life.

