



1884. 




BAZIL DE MAIR
 was indicted

 for unlawfully, maliciously, and feloniously, on the 
13th of August, killing 1 cow, price 8l., the property of 



Richard Dawkins.

[Upon the prisoner being brought up to plead to the indictment, he stood mute. The Jury being empannelled to try the issue, (on the evidence of Mr. Cope, the Governor of Newgate, and Mr. Newman, the turnkey, both of whom deposed, that the prisoner, who had been in custody a fortnight, was in the habit of speaking constantly both English and French, and had spoken within the last hour,) found that the prisoner stood mute of malice.]





JAMES FULLER
. I am fifteen years old, I live with my father, at West-green, Tottenham, and am in the service of Richard Dawkins, who keeps cows. On the night of the 12th of August, I drove one of his cows into the cow-shed, by the road-side—I fastened the cow with a chain round its neck, shut the door, and the next morning went to the cow-shed, found the door open, and saw the cow lying there dead—it was warm—its belly laid all on the ground by the side of it—its belly was cut open, and its entrails laid on the ground—some of the flesh was carried away—the throat was cut on each side, and a quantity of blood laid there—I found some sacking lying there, and some tarred string—I went and called master up—he lives about fifty yards from the spot—it was about half-past three o'clock in the morning.





RICHARD DAWKINS
. I live at West-green, Tottenham, and am a farmer. I sent Fuller with a cow from the field into the cow-house, on the 12th of August—he called me up in the morning before four o'clock—I live fifty yards from the cow-house—I found the cow lying on the ground, with her body all open, tbeentrails out, some blood against her-a great deal of flesh cut off the buttock and down the leg, and the veins cut to the neck—I found a piece of sacking and some tar rope in the shed—I gave information to the police—the cow was my property, and worth 10l. she was seven or eight years old—I have examined some pieces of meat produced to me—I compared them with the animal, and they appear to belong to the animal—the prisoner spoke to me when he was taken.





JOHN COLLINS
. I was on duty in the Kingsland-road, on the 13th about a quarter before six o'clock. I met the prisoner coming from towards Tottenham, with a large bundle flung over his shoulder, and a bottle of water—I asked him what he had got—he said "Water"—I said, "I mean what is in the bundle?"—he said "Clothes"—I put my hand to it, and found it soft and very heavy—I took him to the station-house, and he owned he had some meat—I searched him, and found a sharpening-stone, with tar rope, and smears of blood on it—I found nine or ten pieces of beef in the bundle, and two kidneys—he said a man gave it him on the road—I took off his coat, and found his arms and elbows stained with blood-information came from Tottenham that a cow had been slaughtered—I went there, and found the cow lying with its entrails all out, and the kidneys gone—I compared the meat with

the animal it appeared to have come from it, and the sacking and tar rope corresponded with the sacking and rope he had—I do not know whether there was any deficiency when I applied what the prisoner had to the animal-a butcher examined the animal—the heart laid by the side of it—the sacking found on him corresponded with what was in the shed.





JAMES SWAIN
. I live in Whitecross-street, and am a butcher. I have examined the ten pieces of meat produced, as found on the prisoner—they correspond exactly with the animal—I missed nothing but the heart, and that was left in the yard—the meat produced made up what was wanted—I have seen a knife produced, and found the hairs of the cow in the part where it closes—that appeared the same coloured hair—the policeman showed it to me.





JOHN COLLINS
. I found that knife in the prisoner's trowsers pocket.
----NEWMAN. I am one of the turnkeys of Newgate. I have seen the prisoner every day since he was committed, which is thirteen days ago—I believe he understands every word that is going on—I have heard him speak often in prison—there is no appearance of want of understanding about him—he is like the other prisoners—he has had his breakfast and dinner—I have often asked him if he liked his meals, and he has said, "Very good"—there is nothing to lead me to suppose he is not aware of the difference between right and wrong, or that he is not in perfect possession of his faculties—this morning I gave him his shoes, and he said he could not wear them—they were no good.

MR. CARRUTHERS. I am assistant to the surgeon of the gaol. I have attended the prisoner among the rest—he perfectly understands English, and speaks very plain—I have noticed nothing to lead me to believe he is not aware of what is passing—he has never shown any thing of the kind—I believe him to be quite rational, and to understand as well as anybody.

The prisoner being called upon both in French and English, for his defence, and asked whether he had any questions to put to the witnesses, still remained mute.




GUILTY
. Aged 56.—


Transported for Fifteen Years.
