



1487. 




ANN MUNRO
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
14th of May, 1 purse, value 6d., and 1 sovereign, the goods and monies of 




Edward Terry, from the person of 



Ann Terry.






ANN TERRY
. I am the wife of Edward Terry, who lives in Back Church-lane, and is a gunsmith. On the 14th of May, about twelve o'clock at night, I went to Mr. Bradley's, a pawnbroker in Cable-street, to redeem two articles I had pledged—when I was entering the door, I took my purse out of my pocket, which contained a sovereign and two duplicates—I took the duplicates out, and replaced the purse with the sovereign in my pocket again—I went towards the counter, and saw the prisoner—she had a kind of red box—she said to me, "This is a very troublesome shop to come to"—I said, "They are all troublesome"—I went to the counter, and offered Mrs. Bradley the two duplicates—I felt some person's hand in my pocket, and a sound to appearance like halfpence and keys which I had in my pocket—I immediately seized the prisoner by the thick part of her arm, while her hand was still in the pocket-hole of my gown—she endeavoured to get from me—a man stood by her, and she held her hand out, and something passed from her to the man—I called out to Mr. Bradley to close the doors, but before he came the man got out, and I lost my sovereign and purse—I have not seen them since.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You called out to Mr. Bradley? A. Yes—I have not brought him here—there might have been thirty people in the shop—I was in the middle of the shop, about two or three yards from the door—there not more than five or six between me and the door—there is nobody here who heard me call out—I did not offer to let her go for a sovereign and a few shillings at the station-house—the

superintendent did not say he would not suffer any such thing—I have always gone by the name of Terry—I have pledged in my sister's name, which is Jones—I never went by the name of Miles, nor pledged in that name—I have been at Mr. Bradley's, perhaps, a dozen times—I never taxed any body else with this—I did not say, when the Magistrate was about discharging the prisoner, that I could produce a person who saw her take my money—I have not been in company with Ranson, except at the office—I have not been into any public-house with him—I have been to the threshold of the door to call him—I did not desire the policeman to hold the prisoner's hands, and watch her, as she might throw my purse away—I said "Mind she don't, if she has it, throw it away"—I never said if my husband knew of this, it might be the means of separating as—he did not know of my pledging these things.

COURT. Q. Did Bradley attend before the Magistrate? A. Yes, and gave his evidence, but the Magistrate did not bind him over.





JOHN RANSOM
 (police-constable H 150.) I was sent for to take charge of the prisoner, for robbing this woman of a sovereign and a purse—I took her to the station—she was asked her name, and would not give any—I searched her, and found 2s. in silver, and 1 1/2d. in copper on her.

Cross-examined. Q. Did she deny having stolen this purse? A. No
she never denied it in my presence—she had a knife, and a kind of folding looking-glass, with a kind of red cover—she was remanded twice—the Magistrate asked her how she came to speak to a man in the shop—she stated a man took out two or three parcels, and dropped one, and she gave it him—I cannot say whether Mrs. Terry said she could bring a female who saw her take something from her—I do not recollect—I will not swear she did not—I have seen Mrs. Terry frequently since this—I may have seen her twice in a night—I may have spoken to her a dozen times—I cannot say whether I have spoken on this charge—I was in only one public-house with her—I will not swear I have not been three times—I cannot say whether I have been five times—I do not think I have, I have not drank three times—I have twice I believe, but I will not be positive—I may have drank a drop of porter at her expense—she may have asked me to have a drop of beer—it is half a mile from the public house to the police-office—the public-house is in Back-church-lane—I think I drank once at Mr. Symes's, the Weaver's Arms—that is the house in Back-church-lane—we were not there two minutes—her husband was not there, to my knowledge—I drank—I do not think she did—she never drank with me—the prosecutrix might have given me that drink—that was the only public-house, in Back-church-lane, I ever drank at with her—I have been in a public-house to-day with her—I will not swear, but I do not think I have been in any other except the Weaver's Arms, but I will not be positive—I do not think I have been in three houses—I drank once or twice at her expense—I do not recollect being in any other public-house but the Weaver's Arms—I gave her no instructions what to do in going along—I had not hold of the prisoner all the way—Mrs. Terry did not desire me to do any thing. I do not know that she opened her mouth—she did not desire me to watch her hands for fear she should throw away the purse—there was the sergeant—I believe he was close to me—when we were going down Cable-street, the prisoner made a kind of faint, and I said to my sergeant, "You take one hand and I will take the other"—Mrs. Terry did not desire me to watch her hands—I thought she had the purse—that

sergeant is not here—I do not recollect any thing passing at the station.

Prisoner. The prosecutrix accused a man in the shop, and said she thought he was no good, and she was going to have him taken, but he went away—he spoke to the policeman—he had a watch with him.





JOHN RANSOM
. I saw a man with a watch, and I spoke to him.

Prisoner's Defence. (written.) I was compelled to go into Mr. Bradley's to pledge one of my rings—I had not been in there long before this woman came in, and complained of losing her purse, and not knowing who to accuse, I suppose by my being the greatest stranger, she accused me, innocently, and after which she accused another young man, who was well known to the pawnbroker—I was taken to the station-house, where she wanted to extort money from me, and she said she would let me go.




GUILTY
. Aged 38.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
