





791. 




DANIEL FRANKLIN
 and 




RICHARD HASARD
 were indicted for

stealing, on the 
27th of October, 2 bridles, value 6 s.; 2 collars, value 4s.; 2 pairs of traces, value 8s.; 2 pairs of hames, value 6s.; 1 belly-band, value 2s.; 1 pair of reins, value 2s.; and 1 saddle, value 8s.; the goods of 



Sir James Leighton, their master.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






SIR JAMES LEIGHTON
. I reside at Greenford. At the beginning of last October the prisoner Franklin was my groom, and Hasard was gardener—on the 19th of January Franklin drove me up to town—on the evening before, I had communicated some suspicions to him which I had about the harness, and some other articles which had been missing—I asked him about some property that was lost, but he declared his innocence—I stated about the hay and corn that had been sold, and I mentioned the loss of some lead—I did not mention the harness which he is charged with stealing, as I did not know of it—he absconded the day he drove me up—I did not see him again till he was in custody—this harness was at my country house, at Greenford—he put the horses in the stable at London, and ran off immediately—I had given neither of the prisoners any authority to sell the property.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was this a double harness? A. Yes; not a four-horse harness—the furniture was brass—there were two little ornamental pieces on the saddle, which were silvered—I saw it before the Magistrate, but did not say if it was my harness it had been altered—I have not charged a great many of my servants with having robbed me—I have been robbed ever since I have been at Greenford—that is three years—I never charged any one, but I have had my suspicions—I had a groom named Levington about ten months back—to the best of my knowledge I never charged him with robbing me—I suspected him—I spoke to him several times, about different articles being lost—I did not accuse him of stealing a court dress, a pair of silk stockings, and shirts—I have been robbed of those things, but that is lately—there were several things missing that I told him of—I told him I had lost things, and I suspected him—I never charged Lee, my footman, with stealing any thing—he is now with me—I think I had a cook of the name of White—I did not accuse her with stealing the court dress, and stockings and shirts—I do not recollect ever mentioning it to her at all—I am sure I did not.

Cross-examined by
MR. JONES. Q. Did you keep any other person to attend your horses besides Franklin? A. No; Hasard might occasionally assist him—Hasard has been three years with me—I had a tolerably fair character with him.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Is this a portion of the harness? A. Yes; there are no marks upon it; but I know it by the brass ornaments, and the thickness of it, and the little silvered ornaments—Franklin has lived with me eight months and a half; during that time I have missed property—I thought these ornaments were plated, but they are not—it was made in Yorkshire, and made in a particular way.

COURT. Q. When did you see the harness last before you knew it was stolen? A. It is upwards of a year—I cannot point out any particular mark—I swear to these ornaments—it is not by them alone that I swear to it, but the whole of it—it is particularly stout and strong—it was made at Beverley, in Yorkshire—I gave 22l. for it—I can swear to it.





GEORGE RANDALL
. I am a saddler. About the end of last October, both the prisoners came to my house—Hasard spoke first, and asked me to go and look at some harness that was not complete, over at Greenford—he

did not lay to whom it belonged till I went to see it—I went to Sir James Leighton's stable, at Greenford, and saw the two prisoners—a person of the name of Bernard went with me—they showed me a brass chariot harness incomplete—this is it—Hasard brought it out of the stable—I asked them what they wanted for it, and one of them told me 25s., I cannot say which, I said I would give 16s. for it—Hasard said he would not let me have it for that—I said I could not give any more, and then Hasard said I was to take them—I did so—Franklin put the horse in the cart, and put the harness in, and carried it over to my place—I put some of it in, and Franklin put some in—Hasard sold me the harness, and I paid him for it—Franklin told me it belonged to Sir James Leighton—I asked if Sir James had authorised him to sell it—I gave information to Sir James Leighton.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What is there about that harness that is incomplete? A. I cannot exactly tell you—there is one bearing rein, one bellyband, and two bridle-swivels lost; the two harness straps are wanting, they would cost about 1s.—I could not complete it under 25s.—I am a harness-maker, and keep a shop at Hanwell—I follow no other business—I have not dealt in horses yet, though it is on my board—I have bought but one since I have been in business—I have been in business since last Michaelmas—I was a harness-maker before, and worked for Mr. Tapps, in Wigmore-street—I am not in the habit of buying any thing I can get—I called on Sir James to know if he had authorised the sale of these, about a fortnight or three weeks ago—I knew he had been before the Magistrate, but it is a general thing for gentlemen to give the harness to servants—it might stop with me two years—16s. Is as much as they are worth to me—they are worth more—the two collars would not be worth that—the price of a new collar is 10s.—it would not sell for more than 50s. or 3l. when I had completed it.

MR. BALLANTINE. Q. Was any accusation made against you before you gave information? A. No.





GEORGE BERNARD
. I am a harness-maker. At the latter end of October I accompanied Randall from Hanwell to Greenford, to Sir James Leighton's stables—I was present at the purchase—both the prisoners were present—Randall asked if it was all right; if they were authorized to sell it—one of them said it was all right enough—it was taken from a sort of empty stall place—they both assisted in taking it—Randall agreed to purchase it for 16s. or 18s.—Franklin drove us home in the cart with the harness, and we all assisted in putting it in.

Cross-examined by
MR. CLARKSON. Q. What are you? A. A harnessmaker, and live at No. 14, Gray-street, Manchester-square—I work at Mr. Tapp's—I went to dine with my friend Randall—he had not told me before he went that he was going to buy harness—in my judgment 18s. would have been dear for this.





WILLIAM GILLMAN
. I took the prisoners into custody. (Thomas James Robinson, of Cornwall-place, Holloway, gave the prisoner Franklin a good character; and William Knapp, of Greenford, gave the prisoner Hasard a good character.)

FRANKLIN—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

HASARD—


GUILTY
. Aged 40.





Transported for seven years.

