






1695. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     NUNN
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     PRIDHAM
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 16th of June
, 1 pair of trousers, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Lloyd
                        




                     
                  , well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  THOMAS 
                  ANDERSON
               



            . I am in the service of Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Lloyd
               



            , a tailor
, of Conduit-street


. On the 16th of June he gave me a bundle, containing a pair of trousers, to take to Mr. Pontifex. at Holloway - there was a direction on the parcel, but I cannot read or write; Mr. Roberts put it on - I was looking in at a picture-shop in Oxford-road, and the prisoner Nunn spoke to me; I did not know him, but he asked why I did not make haste on with my errand, and if my master was at home; I said No - he said he had lived with Mr. Lloyd for thirteen months, and he had taken three waistcoats and a coat to Holloway - he walked with me as far as Portland-place, and then he left me; he had looked at the direction on the parcel - after he had left me some time, Pridbam came up, and asked if my master was at home; I said No - he then asked where I was going: I told him - he gave me a halfpenny, and told me to make haste there; I went on to Camden-town, and then another person came to me; he asked whether I lived at Mr. Lloyd's; I told him Yes - he then asked if the things I had were for Mr. Pontifex, at Holloway; I said they were - he said he came from there, that Mr. Pontifex was waiting for them, and he wanted to be measured for some more on Monday - he took the parcel, gave me 1d., and when he got some distance form me he told me he would give me 6d. on Monday.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. How far had you got after you spoke to Pridham, before you saw the third person? A. A good way - I did not see what was in the parcel; the housekeeper gave it to me.


                  GRIFFITH 
                  ROBERTS
               



            . I am clerk to the prosecutor. I packed up the parcel containing the trousers, a blackfrock coat, and a waistcoat, and put on it the direction"
               Wm. Pontifex
            , Esq., Holloway;" Anderson was to take it - Nunn never lived with Mr. Lloyd.


                  JOSEPH 
                  MYERS
               



            . I live in Princes-street, Soho. On the 16th of June, between eleven and twelve o'clock at night, I was standing at my door to tell the Policeman to call me up in the morning, and saw the two prisoners coming from Leicester-square towards my shop; Nunn had a bundle, with a white cloth covered over it; he said to the other, "You go and beef, and I will go and lumber them" - he gave to him what appeared to me to be a waistcoat; Pridham then crossed the road, and Nunn went on to a pawnbroker's - I, knowing they were bad characters, went to lay hold of Pridham, but he ran down a street, and I thought if I followed him I should lose the other - I then went back to the pawnbroker; I just heard the pawnbroker say, "I can't take them in, it is too late," meaning a pair of trousers - I laid hold of Nunn, and said I should detain him, for having stolen these trousers - he said, "Where did I steal them?" I said, "No matter;" I took him out - I cannot be mistaken in Pridham's person, because I was in Clerkenwell prison at the time he was.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You never saw a pair of trousers with Pridham? A. No - I think I was eight days in Clerkenwell prison; I have not been in any other prison - I am a pencil-maker by trade; I was in the Police for thirteen months, and had several prisoners here - I never had any charge against me; I was reported for being too late, and was fined 1s. - I was dismissed for taking a placard from a person with the word "Reform" on it, near the House of Lords; the Commissioners thought I ought not to have interfered with it; that was the only reason why I was dismissed - I was fined twice; I was in prison for having some drugs without the stamp on them.
Cross-examined by MR. CHURCHILL. Q. How often have you given evidence in this Court? A. Six or seven times.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  STROUD
               



            . I am Nunn's sister. He brought me, on the 16th of June, a pair of trousers and silk waistcoat, which he had bought, and wanted me to lend a sovereign on them.
THOMAS HOBBS (Police-constable C 85). I went to Stroud's, and got these trousers.


                  THOMAS 
                  FARRANT
               



             (Police-constable C 42). I was in the office when the trousers were first brought in -Stroud came, and said they were her husband's; Nunn was liberated - I afterwards received information; I went, and took Nunn again - I asked where the woman was; he said he did not know - I locked him up, and went with Hobbs to Stroud's, and got the trousers again; I afterwards got information, and took Pridham.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Nunn's Defence. I was sitting in the Globe public-house, and a man called me out at a quarter-past eight o'clock - he said he had a pair of trousers for sale; he owed me 6s., and I gave him 16s. more for them - I took them to Stroud's, and wanted her to lend me a sovereign; she said she could not, but she would pawn the trousers for me and a black silk waistcoat of my own; she took them, but did not get enough - I told her if she could lend me the rest of the money I wanted, I would pay her, but she could not; I then went, and got them out again - I went to the other pawnbroker's, where I was taken; the man I had them of is a tailor.
Pridham's Defence. I know nothing at all about it.
NUNN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
PRIDHAM - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.





               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
