



2864. 




JOSEPH THOMPSON
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
24th of July, 1 sheet, value 2s.; and 1 table-cloth, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



Benjamin Vandergucht.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





HUGH BYRNE LOVETT
. I am a policeman. On the 1st of October I had the prisoner in custody—I found twenty-one duplicates on him—among them was one for a table-cloth—he was discharged, and I returned him the duplicates—next day, in consequence of information, I took him again—I told him it was not on the same charge as the day before, it was for stealing a table-cloth and sheet—I asked him for the tickets that he had

the day before—be said, "They are all there, (pointing to the pocket of his trowsers, which hung on the bedstead) with the exception of the one for the table-cloth; that d—d thing I tore up, that vagabond Sullivan pawned the table-cloth, and he would transport me if he could"—I did not find that duplicate, but I had been to the pawnbroker's before.

Prisoner. Sullivan went with him to the pawnbroker's before he came to me—it is all a conspiracy between them. Witness. Sullivan was the person who gave me the first information, and he did accompany me to the pawnbroker's.





WILLIAM WEST
. I am assistant to Mr. Smith, a pawnbroker, in Edgeware-road. I produce a table-cloth and sheet pledged on the 24th of July, I do not know who by, in the name of William Thompson.





MARY LYDIA VANDERGUCHT
. I am the wife of Benjamin Vandergucht, and live in Cambridge-terrace. In July last the house was to be let furnished—we were not residing in it at the time, and the prisoner was placed in care of it—his wife was there first, and then he was there for about six weeks or two months—he had been there once before for two months—this table-cloth and sheet were used to cover over some of the furniture—they have my own mark on them—they were missed after the prisoner left—we did not employ any person named Sullivan.





HUGH BYRNE LOVETT

re-examined. I was at the office when the prisoner made a statement, which the clerk took down, and afterwards read over to him—it was signed by Mr. Rawlinson, the Magistrate—this is his hand-writing—(read)—"The prisoner says" Sullivan pawned the goods—he had my authority to do so—he was to get me the money to take them out on the Monday after."

Prisoner's Defence. Sullivan came to me one day, and said he wanted a dinner, he had no money, and would I allow him to pledge something, and he would bring me the money on the Monday following—I said I had nothing but tables and chairs and furniture, which could not be taken—he said, "Well, give me that old table-cloth"—I said, "I don't think you will get any thing on it"—he said, "I will try," and he pawned it for 3s. 6d., and gave me the ticket—since then he and I fell out—I told him what sort of a desperate character he was—he is a returned transport—he has been six months in Gloucester jail, and has two wives—the sheet was on my bed, and the table-cloth I used in the kitchen—they are not worth 6d.—I threw the duplicate away in a passion, and I am sorry for it, for it looked like guilt, but the policeman had taken a copy of it the day before, so it did not signify—the policeman has feed Sullivan to get up this case, and get my character damned.




GUILTY
. Aged 37.—


Transported for Seven Years.
(There was another indictment against the prisoner.)

First Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
