






1536. 




WILLIAM ASHTON,



 WILLIAM WEBB,



 THOMAS NEWLAND
, and 




RICHARD JENKINSON
 were indicted for

feloniously breaking and entering a building within the curtilage of the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Binns, on the 
5th of June, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 6 pairs of shoes, value 10s., his goods; 1 bat, value 3s. the goods of 



John Lister; 1 bat, value 2s. the goods of 



Henry Bugby; and a variety of skaits and cricket-balls, the goods of other persons.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






THOMAS BINNS
. I am a schoolmaster, at Tottenham. I have a building adjoining my premises, within about twenty feet of the dwelling-house where the cricket-bat and things are kept—you cannot get to it without coming within the wall of the house—it is surrounded by fences entirely, or by a wall all round—a person, to get to the premises, must not only pass over our wall, but the neighbours'—the cricket-bats, balls, shoes, and skaites were in the building on the afternoon of the 5th of June, and before seven o'clock the next morning I heard they were gone—I went into the out house and found the window of the upper story of the out-house

open—two doors had been broken, and several windows opened—I know the prisoners by sight—they live in the village—I have seen them standing about two or three times together, at different times, and Newland had ones worked for us within a fortnight or a month of the robbery.





ELI RADLEY
. I am in the service of Mr. Bevan, adjoining the prosecutor's premises. On Tuesday, the 12th of this month, I was at work at master's garden, at West-green, Tottenham, and saw the prisoners Webb, Newland, and Jenkinson in a footpath adjoining the field of master's person mises, with two others who I do not know—I saw them go to the gate of the field, and after a short time I saw Webb get into a ditch, and after he had thrust something up the arch of (he ditch, they all came round to the gate, and remained there for about ten minutes—there is a wall near the foot path—the other four appeared to stand behind the wall, out of my sight while Webb was groping in the ditch—he appeared to get something out of the ditch—I asked him whether he could not get it out—he said no—I said, "Let me see"—I got down to the ditch, but could not see any thing—I asked him what was there—he told me a bird's nest—Hooked into the ditch, but could not see it—it was not a likely place for a bird's nest-a neighbour came up—I told him I was apprehensive something was wrong and asked him to wait—Webb, at last, told me it was of no use to try and get it, for he had put some blackbirds inside there an hour ago, and could not get them out—Griddlestone came up, a rake was procured, and I got out of the ditch a cricket-bat without a name, and then another—they were in the place where Webb said he had put the blackbird's nest. Newland. I was not leaning on the gate—I merely saw the men.





JOHN LISTER
. I am a pupil in Mr. Binn's school. I know this cricket-bat to belong to Henry Bugby, one of the pupils—I had seen it within a day or two of the 4th—I know this other to belong to a pupil—this ball belongs to the pupils—it was given to us.





RICHARD BIGSWORTH
. On Wednesday, the 6th of June, I saw the prisoners Webb and Jackson at the William the Fourth beer-shop, at Layton—it is about seven miles from Tottenham—Jackson asked if I wanted to buy a ball—we said yes—they said they would bring it over the next morning, and next morning Ashton and Jenkinson brought it—Jenkinson produced it, and said he would not take less than 4s. for it—I agreed to give it him—this is it—Mr. Andrews gave them the money for it.

Jenkinson. It was a week following the robbery. Witness. I am sure it was a fortnight ago last Thursday that we bought it, and the day before that he spoke to us about it.





JOHN ANDREWS
. I am treasurer to a boy's cricket-club, at Layton Bigsworth came to me on the 7th of June, and I gave him the money to pay for the ball.





JOSEPH FOSTER
. I am a constable of Tottenham. I received two cricket-bats from Goddard, the constable, on Tuesday evening, the 15th and the ball from Andrews on the 14th.





THOMAS WARREN
. On the 6th of June I saw Ashton at the corner of the Swan, at Tottenham—he offered this ball for sale, andd I bought it of him for 1s. 6d.—I gave it to Forster, the constable, on the Saturday afterwards.





HENRY EDMUND GURNEY
. I am a pupil of Mr. Binns. I know this ball—I and John Lister, and some other boys, are partners in it—it was safe at the school on the 4th of June.


Ashton. The young gentleman could not identify the ball the other day. Witness. I said I could identify it—I said I knew a mark, on one ball—I did not notice it carefully before the Magistrate—I know one ball had a mark on it—I do not know which.





ISSAC GODDARD
—Last Tuesday week I received these two cricket-bats from Radley, and gave them to Forster.
Mr. BINNS
re-examined. Several pairs of shoes were lost, which were under my care, and some skaites, planes, and chisels—the property was all last at the same time.

Newland's Defence. I was walking up the lane by myself—I did see these men, and spoke to them, but I know nothing about the robbery.

Jenkinson's Defence. I bought the ball, and sold it in Tottenham-marsh, on the Tuesday, for 2s. 3d.

ASHTON—



GUILTY [Of stealing only. See original trial image.] Aged 20.

JENKINSON—



GUILTY [Of stealing only. See original trial image.]. Aged 19.

NEWLAND—



GUILTY [Of stealing only. See original trial image.]. Aged 25.

WEBB—



GUILTY. Aged 19. Of stealing only, not of breaking and entering.





Transported for Seven years.





Confined Nine Months.

Before Mr. Justice Littledale.

