





198. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     ELLIOTT, alias 
RILEY





               
            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of November
, 8 yards of woollen cloth, value 6l.; I gold ring, value 10s.; 2 yards of linen cloth, value 1s.; I napkin, value 2d., and I knife-handle, value 2d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Wills
                        




                     
                  , her master
            .


                  JOHN 
                  WILLS
               



            . I am a master tailor
, and live in St. James'-place


. The prisoner came into my service on the 18th of March last - she had not left me; I missed different articles, but up to last Sunday fortnight I had notsuspected her; the officer then called, and told me something.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  TIMBRELL
               



            . I received information from 
               
                  Sarah 
                  Grange
               



            , that she had some cloth belonging to the prosecutor - I went and got it, and then went to the prosecutor; I found this table-cloth, this piece of linen, and this handle of a knife in the prisoner's pocket.


                  SARAH 
                  GRANGE
               



            . I go out charing, and go by the prosecutor's regular every morning to fetch spring water; the prisoner called me and asked me if I would go on an errand for her; I said yes - she asked me to pawn this cloth; I took it to Mr. Williams', where I had pawned a gown, and he would not take it because it was not made up - the prisoner said I must take it. as she had no where to put it: I heard in the evening that it was wrong, and told all about the matter.


                  DANIEL 
                  RIERDON
               



            . I am a serjeant of Police. I received some information on Sunday fortnight; I went to a woman named Britton, and found these articles, which I produce; I said I should take Britton - she said she could state who she had them of, and named the prisoner; I went to the prisoner the next morning and asked her - she said she never took any thing but what she had seen yesterday; I showed her some duplicates for pieces of cloth, two pledged in one day, and told her I found the duplicates at Britton's- she then said, "I did take them through distress;" I asked her about a ring, which she said she had taken, and I should find the duplicate.


                  ELIZA 
                  BRITTON
               



            . I received a piece of cloth from the prisoner, to make a child a frock, but it was not enough, and my husband pawned it for her.


                  THOMAS 
                  COX
               



            . I have a piece of cloth and a waistcoat-piece, pawned by a man in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Britton
               



            .


                  EBENEZER 
                  HEMBRY
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a remnant of cloth, pawned by a man in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Britton
               



            .


                  JAMES 
                  WALLIS
               



            . I have a remnant of cloth and a ring pawn by Grange.


                  SARAH 
                  GRANGE
               



            . The prisoner gave them to me to pawn, and I gave her the money.
DANIEL RIERDON. This is all that has been found, a great deal is lost.
The prisoner pleaded distress.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 35. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
