



1587. 




ALBERT DE TUR
 was indicted

for feloniously forging an indorsement on a Bill of Exchange for £118 9s. 6d., with intent to defraud 



William George Prescott and others.—2nd COUNT, for uttering the same.—3rd and 4th COUNTS, stating his intent to be to defraud 



William Irwin.


MESSRS. BODKIN
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






MARY ANN IRWIN
. I am the wife of William Irwin, of Long-lane, Bermondsey. The prisoner came to our house about the beginning of August last—my husband was out—he asked for James Irwin—I told him my husband's name was William—I said his father's name was James, but he had been dead some time—he told me there was a little money in France for us—I told him a little further respecting my husband's family, and sent for my husband—when he came, he gave him the same statement—he said he had come from his employer—he did not name Mr. Fleury's name—I heard him afterwards name Mr. Fleury as a person in Paris—he said it was 3000 francs, for a debt owing to my husband in France—the debt was more than that, but ray husband was to sell him the debt for that—he came again in September, when my husband was out, and said there was a little more to do before the money could be got; that the two affidavits signed before, must be signed again, saying that he was the only heir, and by the law of this country entitled to the property—he came again in March, when my husband was out—I said my husband was going to write to Mr. Fleury—on the 6th of March, the day before the prisoner came, we had received a letter—on my saying my husband was going to write to Mr. Fleury, I also said he intended to give the agreement to a friend who was going to France, to take what steps he thought proper with Mr. Fleury—he said he hoped my husband would not do such a thing as that; it would be a great dishonour to Mr. Fleury's character—he then said Mr. Fleury had written to him, three weeks back, stating he would pay my husband interest from the 1st of October last, and he said he hoped Mr. Irwin would not write till he called again, which would be on the Thursday or Saturday week following—he did not call again at our house at any time—he said nothing about the letter he had written to us before.


Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Were you examined befor the Lord Mayor? A. Yes—I did not sign any deposition—the prisoner was present when I was examined—I saw somebody writing—I do not need. lect whether it was read over to me—I signed nothing.





WILLIAM IRWIN
. I live in Long-lane, Bermondsey. I became entitle to about 3000 francs in France—the prisoner was engaged, through Mr. Fleury, to recover it for me, and Mr. Fleury was to have the overplus—I was to have 3000 francs in full of my claim—that was arranged in Augest last, and it was to be paid in three weeks after the agreement was signed—about the 26th or 27th of September, rather better than three weeks after, the prisoner called, and said the same two affidavits must be signed again—I think I saw him once again after that—I got both these letten from him—(looking at them)—one is dated the 4th of August, 1837—I have acted on the first letter, and seen him on the subject of it—I believe the letter to be his hand-writing.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you ever see him write? A. I hare, at my own house—on the 26th of October I saw him write.





EDWARD SPENCER
. I am an attorney. I have been concerned for the prisoner in passing the Insolvent Court, and have seen him write—I believe these two letters to be his hand-writing—(read.)
"To Mr. W. Irwin.—Lloyd's, Royal Exchange, Ang. 4tb, 1837.—Dear Sir,—Your document will be ready for signature, on Monday, 12 o'clock, but I want, indispensably, the family and Christian names of the witnesses besides the date of your father's death—pray send it as soon as possible to 20, Great Russell-street, Covent Garden—mind and impress this more particularly on the minds of your friends, that the affidavit must state that you are now the only heir of the late James Irwin—pray don't forget to send the names of your witnesses.
"ALBERT DE TOT."





WILLIAM IRWIN
 (continued.) I did not obtain any money from the prisoner during 1837—the last place I knew him living at was No. 15, Willow-street—I called there repeatedly, and left messages for him—I at last threatened to write to Paris, and on the 6th of March I received this letter—(read)—
"To William Irwin, 17, Norton-street.—March 6th, 1838.—Dear Sir—Being very much engaged in this quarter, I am not able to see yon to-day, but will call on you to-morrow, or Tuesday at latest, between twlve and four o'clock—I am writing to-day to Mr. Fleury, and shall inform his what you intend tor do.
"ALBERT DE TUE


MR. IRWIN. He called at my house the day after that letter was sent, but I did not see him—I waited until the 20th of March, expecting him to come, and then wrote to Mr. Fleury, at Paris, and received an answer; in consequence of which I went to the banking-house of Grote, Prescott, and Co.—the endorsement on this bill of exchange—(looking at it)—"Pass to the order of William Irwin," is not my hand-writing—I gave nobody authority to do it—I did not know that there was such a bill in existence till I got a letter from Mr. Fleury, and went to Grote's—I never received a farthing of the money—I believe the endorsement, "Pass order of William Irwin," to be the prisoner's writing.

Cross-examined. Q. How often have you seen him write? A. Once,

in October last—I have got his writing clear in my memory, I recollect it well—if it were a hundred miles off, and I was to look at it, I should at once know it—if I was down at York, and saw the paper there, I would rear it was Mr. De Tur's writing, to the best of my belief.

MR. BODKIN. Q. You took particular notice of his hand-writing? A. Yes; and have had letters from him besides—if I saw the bill ia Yorkshire I should have the same belief.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Had you known him long? A. Never, tin that Iime—I never wrote any thing for him—I never wrote letters—I signed my name to the agreement—the "W" is like my hand-writing—there is nothing else a bit like it, not a morsel like it.





EDWARD SPENCER

re-examined. The endorsement on the bill—(looking at it)—has every character of being the prisoner's hand-writing, and the signature, underneath, is undoubtedly his hand-writing.

MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Is it from acting as attorney for this man that you have seen him write? A. Yes—he never passed the Insoltent Court, but filed a petition—he settled with his detaining creditor—I have seen him write many times.





JOHN CRITED
. I am acquainted with the French language—the translation of the first indorsement on this bill is—"Pay to order of William Irwin value for the account of the price of the debt he has ceded to me in France, 20th October, 1837. L. Fleury."
(The bill was here read, and toot for 118l. 9s. 6d. at three days after date payable to order of L. Fleury.)





HENRY GEOROB CHAPMAN
. I am one of the principal cashiers of the house of Messrs. Grote, Prescott, and Co.—(looking at the bill)—I remember this being presented on the 4th of November—I believe the endorsement was the same as the one on it now—I paid the amount with five £10 notes, Nos. 17551 to 17555, dated 5th October, 1837; ten £5 notes, Not. 39135 to 39144, dated 3rd October, 1837; and 18l. 9s. 6d. in money—I believe these three notes (looking at them) to be the same as I paid away on the 4th of November—they correspond in number and date—from the entry in my book, I should think it must have been about half-past eleven o'clock when the bill was presented.

Cross-examined. Q. Have you any recollection who presented it? A. I have not—I do not know one Urquart—I was at the Mansion-house—the prisoner was pointed out to me—I was asked if he was the person, and I had no recollection of him—I cannot identify him.

MR. DOANE. Q. How many months after the 4th of November did you see him? A. Five or six months.





WILLIAM HENRY MEAGLE
. I am in the employ of William Masters, a pawnbroker, living in Jermyn-street, S. James's. The prisoner pawned some articles at our shop—(looking at the three notes)—these have my writing on them—on the 4th of November, 1837, the prisoner came to redeem the articles, and paid me these three notes—I do not remember what time in the day it was—I had often seen him before, and knew him well.

Cross-examined. Q. Was anybody else in the shop at the time? A. I really cannot say—we have a boy—I believe there was somebody else in the shop at the time—I do not know a Frenchman of the name of Urqnart by name—many foreigners pledge at our shop—I have known the prisoner eighteen months, or two years—he speaks English—I have a duplicate, but have not brought it here.




GUILTY
. Aged 46.—


Transported for Seven Years.
