



1723. 




WILLIAM ALLEN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 14th
of July, 1 half crown the money of 



William Peter Holland, his master; and that he had been before convicted of felony.







WILLIAM PETER HOLLAND
. I live in Brick-lane, Bethnal-green, and am a grocer. I employed the prisoner occasionally—on Tuesday, the 14th of July, I marked some half-crowns, having missed money from the till—I placed three of them in the till—I then went out, leaving the prisoner behing—I returned in an hour and a half and found him in the shop—I looked into the till, and found the three half-crowns safe while I was out, I sent Mrs. Hargrave for some goods, with two more marked half-crowns—I found one of them was not in the till—I charged the prisoner with one being missing—he denied it for some time—I sent for an officer—he fell on his knees, and said if I would forgive him, he would tell me all about it—he then pulled half-a-crown out of his pocket; he said his mother was a very poor woman, and he had taken it—the four half crown I found all marked as I had makde them—this is the one the prisoner gave me—I gave it to the officer—this is marked as one of those I gave Mr. Hargrave.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You charge him with stealing one half-crown? A. Yes: I put three half-crowns into the till—it is not for stealing one half-crown of Mrs. Hargrave—he produced one half-crown, marked similar to those I had put in the till.

COURT. Q. You gave two half-crowns to Mrs. Hargrave? A. Yes: to take to my shop—Mrs. Hargrave is not here—she lives at Church-street, Bathnal-green—both the half crowns that I gave her were mine—I never parted with them—they remained my property—Mrs. Hargrave was not before the Magistrate—I told the prisoner he was placed behind the counter, and was responsible—he then took the half-crown out of his pocket; and he said he took it, because his mother was very poor.





ROBERT TRESON
 (police constable M 125.) I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction, which I got from the Clerk of the Peace's office—the prisoner is the man (read.)





CHARLES BYRON
 (police-constable H 157.) I was present when the prisoner went down on his knees—he acknowledged having the money, by handing it from his person—he went down on his knees, and begged forgiveness, saying it was the first time.

JURY
to
WILLIAM PETER HOLLAND. Q. Were the four half-crowns all marked alike? A. No; this one was marked in a particular way—I can point out the mark.




GUILTY
. Aged 19—


Transported for Seven Years.
