



408. 




MARY VIZARD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
1st of January, 3 shirts, value 4s.; I flannel shirt, value 1s. 6d.; 2 caps, value 2s.; and I habit-shirt, value 6d.; the goods of 



Stephen Collis; and that she had been before convicted of felony.


LOUISA HASSALL. I live in Upper Cleveland-street, near the New-road. About three, or a quarter past three o'clock, on the 1st of January, I was coming down stairs, and saw a person coming up oat of the kitchen—it was the prisoner—I saw she held something behind her—she saw me, and turned back a step or two, and put it out of her hand—it was wet linen—I stopped her, and held her till I called for some one from the other part of the house, and she was detained—I went down and saw it was all these articles—they were wet—I had seen them hanging to dry half an hour before that—it was all in a bundle, rolled up—I called the officer, and gave her in charge.





ELIZABETH CROSBIE
. I reside with my father in Upper' Cleveland-street, and work with my needle. I know these things were hanging up down stairs about five minutes before the prisoner was taken—I had been down for a pitcher of water, and saw them safe—I do not know the prisoner.





JOHN COLLISON
 (police-sergeant F 13.) I took the prisoner, and have the things.





STEPHEN COLLIS
. I live in this house—these things are mine and my wife's.

Prisoner's Defence. I left my baby with a stranger, while I went to George-street, Hampstead-road, where I was promised employment, for my husband is lying at home ill; in going there to know what day I should come, I was taken ill in the street, and went in there, as I saw the door open—I went into the back yard—I returned, and was coming up the stairs, and this witness came down the stairs; she went down and turned back, and said what was I doing in the house—I said I had been into the yard—with that she said there had been many things lost in the house—she stopped me, and told the people I was in the house—she went down and Drought these things up, and said that I had them—that is all I know.





THOMAS RESTALL
 (police-constable E 151.) I have a certificate of the prisoner's former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—the prisoner is the person who was then tried and convicted—I was a witness here.




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
