






463. 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     SHEPPARD
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     LEE
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 11th of January
, 1 pocketbook, value 1s.; one 20l., eight 10l. and one 5l. Banknotes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           William 
                           Burns
                        




                     
                  , from his person
             against the Statute, &c.
WILLIAM BURNS. I am a chair-maker
 and live in Rose-street. On the night of the 10th of January I had been with Middleton; we spent the evening together in some measure - we went to a shop and had some alamode beef; I then went to a house which I thought was a public-house, but it proved to be a pastry-cook's - I do not recollect meeting the prisoners; but I recollect being in some house and seeing two females, but I cannot say who they were - I had eight 10l. notes, one 20l. note, one 5l. note, and two sovereigns and a-half, in a little canvass bag in my left-hand breeches pocket; I have not recovered any of the property - I do not know the number of the notes; I fell asleep in the house, and I suppose I was there six hours, or more - I do not remember picking up any girls.


                  JOHN 
                  MIDDLETON
               



            . I am a book-keeper. I spent the evening with the prosecutor - I was not so drunk as he was; we fell in with the two prisoners at the corner of Oxford-street - I think about half-past one o'clock; they accosted us, and we went home with them to a house in Nottingham-court, Long-acre


 - I can swear to Lee, and I believe Sheppard to be the other girl; I did not have any gin, I believe Burns gave Lee 1s. to fetch some gin, but whether it was fetched or not, I do not know - Lee said to the other girl, who I believe was Sheppard, "Why don't you undress and go to bed;" she undressed and was in bed directly - I then undressed and went to bed too; I remained awake a quarter of an hour, or twenty minutes, and during that time, Lee called Sheppard out of bed - she got out; when I got up in the morning, I found Burns laying on the bed, and the two women were gone - I had been robbed of four sovereigns and a half myself; I found it was broad day-light when I awoke - I jumped up, as I knew it was time to go to my employ; Burns was outside the bed, with his clothes on - I awoke him, and told him I was robbed, and told him to feel his pockets, as I knew he had a canvas bag the evening before, which had some money in it; I had seen it at the public-house where we had the brandy and water - he said, "I am a ruined man - I have lost above 100l."
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Were you in more than one public-house that night? A. Yes; I think we were in three or four - the first house was the Hercules Pillars, in Greek-street; we then went to a house near the Middlesex-hospital - then to Clark's, in Oxford-street, where you can get a glass after hours; I rather think we went to another house in Hanway-street - I was perfectly sensible; I might have a share of five glasses of brandy and water, and I might afterwards have some gin - we had not twenty-three glasses of brandy and water at one house; we had not so many as ten in one house - I do not think we had more than five; it was about ten o'clock when we went to the Hercules Pillars - I saw the prosecutor's bag there, and again in Oxford-street, and at Clark's, that was the last place; I cannot tell how much was in the bag, but I know there were some sovereigns in it, and a good deal of silver - I do not recollect a third female coming into our company, but when you get out of Clark's there will be a dozen females about you; I do not recollect any other female but the prisoners being about us after we got out of the last public-house - I had no intention of stopping, nor should I if Lee had not given me the challenge; there might be 12s. asked for two beds, but I do not remember it - there might be some other females about us, but none walked with us; we might go into some other house - I do not remember going into any house where there was an old Jewess, but there was a Jewess brought to the office who had bought the notes; I had never seen her before.
COURT, Q. This Jewess was taken on suspicion of having purchased the notes? - A. I believe she was, but I never saw her till we were at the office; the two prisoners and a boy were in custody.


                  JOSEPH 
                  HIGGINS
               



             (Police constable, F 35). On Friday morning, the 11th, I received information of this robbery; I went with Burns and Middleton to Nottingham-court - I knew the prisoner before, but did not know where they lived till I heard it from the landlady next morning; I took Lee at Somer's-town on the 20th, and Sheppard came in while I was there - I found a number of new articles of wearing-apparel; Lee asked me, in the way to the station, who told me where she lived - I said it was a female, but I would not give up the name; she said "I suppose it is Mrs. Strachan" - I had before told her I took her for robbing Mr. Burns, a Scotchman of eight 10l. a 20l. and a 5l. note and some sovereigns; she said "I did rob him," and said she had part of it, and plenty of drink, using the expression the d-d b-h or d-d w-e - I found four sovereigns and two half-sovereigns on her person; I asked if that was all she had got - she said Yes, and that her part did not amount to 20l. altogether - I found on her a bill of parcels for different articles of wearing-apparel; I left Stewart at the door of the same house to take Sheppard, and he brought her about an hour afterwards - the next morning Sheppard inquired for Mr. Thomas, and said she would tell him who had the notes; she said she had nothing to do with the robbery, that she was in bed and was called out by Lee to get some water to make some tea; she went to the pump, and there was no water - that Lee told her she had got some notes, and she took her to Mother Cumming's, in St. Giles'; that she could not read the notes, but Lee read them to her, and a receipt, which was in the pocket-book - that there were three keys found in the pocket, and they were put into the pocket-book, and shoved down Mother Cumming's privy; she said they got up at twelve o'clock, and Lee took her to a place to sell the notes, and that if one of us went she would find the woman - I went with her to Mrs. Allen's, a fence, in Petticoat-lane: Allen asked her how her friend was - I took Allen; she was remanded once, and then discharged.
Cross-examined. Q. Did Sheppard say she saw the contents? A. Yes, at Mrs. Allen's - she said she saw them; that they were in a pocket-book, with a receipt for 10l. rent.


                  JOHN 
                  STEWART
               



             (Police serjeant, F 2). I took Sheppard at the same house at which Lee was taken - I found nothing on her, but the clothes she had on were new and corresponded with what Lee had on.


                  JOSEPH 
                  SADLER THOMAS
               



            . I am superintendent of Police. On the morning after their apprehension I saw the two prisoners; I knew Sheppard to be the daughter of a man who had been in the Police; I spoke to her, and saidI was sorry to see her in such a situation - she burst out crying, and said she had committed no robbery herself, but she would tell me all about it - she then made a statement quite voluntarily, which I wrote down - (reads).
"Early on the morning of the 11th of January I met the old gentleman and a younger man in Oxford-street, both under the influence of liquor, the younger man not so much as the elder one; I was in company with this young woman - we went to Nottingham-court, Mr. Mahon's house; when we got there we had some rum to drink - we remained in conversation an hour, or an hour and a half, and, by desire of Lee, I went to bed with the young man, leaving the other young woman and the old man sitting up together - I fell asleep, and was called up by the other young woman, who desired me to get up and get the kettle to boil; I got up, and we went to a watering-house, where we had some beef and mutton - we then went to Mother Cummins' house in St. Giles', and slept till twelve o'clock in the day; previous to going there Lee showed me a roll of notes, and said she had got them from the old man - she said she could not read, and could not tell what notes they were; we then went to Whitechapel, to the house of a Jew, to fence the notes - she did not know whose house it was, or where situated, but she could point it out; Lee said to the woman, "I have got some notes to sell;" they went up stairs, and then came down - the Jewess went out, returned, and paid forty-two sovereigns and some silver for them; we then purchased a variety of articles which were found in the house where I was taken - I got 7l. in gold for my share, and 2l. was given to Charles Hemmings, the other person,"
LEE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 23.



               Transported for Life
            .
SHEPPARD - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
