





1466. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     NICHOLLS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of April
, at Christchurch


, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch key, value 8s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 16s.; 2 waistcoats, value 24s.; 1 pair of boots, value 16s.; 4 shirts, value 16s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 15s.; 3 pairs of stockings, value 4s.; 1 half-crown; and 1 shilling; the property of 
                     
                        
                           Charles 
                           Brady
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Ann 
                        Grace Cole
                     



.


                  CHARLES 
                  BRADY
               



            . I lived in the dwelling-house of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Cole
               



            , No. 1, Crown-street, Butcher Hall-lane


; she was the housekeeper; I cannot swear to the prisoner's person - I have seen him, but not to know him; I lost a watch, chain, seal, and key; a pair of trousers, a waistcoat, handkerchief, and stockings; and about 4s. in silver; there was a half-crown, a shilling, and a sixpence; they were worth more than £8 in value - I missed them all at one time; I kept them in my box locked up, in the same room I slept in; I found the box broken open on Friday, the 26th of April, last; and I found a pair of shoes in the room which did not belong to me - I had seen my box safe with the articles in it the night before - all the articles were in the box then, except the boots; I am certain I had placed them there.


                  ANN 
                  GRACE COLE
               



            . I live at No. 1, Crown-court, Butcherhall-lane, I keep the house which is in the parish of Christchurch, Newgate-street. On the 23rd of April, at near three o'clock, the prisoner came, and asked if I had a lodging - I said, I had part of a bed, he said he should want it three or four weeks, that he had left his wife in the country, and had been a few weeks in Bartholomew Hospital, he was now an out patient
, and wished to be near; I wished a reference; he said he could not give one, as he had come from the country, but if I was dubious of his character, he would pay me before-hand; I said I was not dubious of it; he asked my charge, I said, 1s. 6d. a-week, and he threw me down 1s.; he left on Friday the 26th, about a quarter-past seven o'clock in the morning; he got up at eight o'clock each morning before, and always spoke to me as he went out, but on this occasion he did not speak to me; it was rather before my door was open; he slept in the same room as the prosecutor; there were two beds in the room; I did not discover anything until three o'clock in the afternoon; the prosecutor's brother, and a boy who slept with the prisoner, also slept in the room.
Prisoner. Q. Did not other people live in the house, and was not the room left open during the day? A. Nobody else had access to the room; there are lodgers in the first and second floors, but they have lodged with me three or four years; the door was not kept locked, but nobody could enter the house without my knowledge - the lodgers might go up to the room without my knowledge.


                  JAMES 
                  EBDEN
               



            . I live at No. 5, Three-horse-shoe-court. I lodged with Mrs. Cole, on the 26th of April; I recollect the prisoner sleeping at that house; I believe him to be the man; he slept there three nights, in my bed; the second night he was there, he asked me at what time the two young men in the next bed got up, (which was the prosecutor and his brother); I said one got up at the same time as me, and one got up before; on the morning of the 26th, 
               
                  Charles 
                  Brady
               



             got up first, and left the room; I left next, leaving the prosecutor's brother, and the prisoner in the room.
Prisoner. Q. What time did you hear of the robbery? A. I don't know exactly; I told the Alderman it was about one o'clock, Mrs. Cole told me of it.
Q. Did you not say your brother told you of it? A. Directly, my brother told me a robbery was committed at Mrs. Cole's, I went to Mrs. Cole's, and she told me; I did not say my brother told me of it while I was at dinner, because I did not go to dinner that day; I said nothing about dinner.


                  THOMAS 
                  BRADY
               



            . I am the brother of Charles Brady. On the morning of the 26th of April, I got up about six o'clock, and left the prisoner in the room in bed; nobody else was in the room; the box was safe as usual then; I took particular notice of the prisoner, he seemed very suspicious, and did not want anybody in the room to take notice of him; and on Thursday evening, I sat up and smoked my pipe while he was going to bed, and took notice of him.
Prisoner's Defence. I humbly beg to acquaint you that during my life, I have been brought up in a respectable family, and a large family of twenty-two brothers and sisters - I am the first of the family ever accused of theft; I know myself to be innocent; I never saw the property, it is the last thing I should have touched; I have been trusted where if I thought of doing wrong, I might have had hundreds of pounds in money and plate, in situations I have been in since I left business; I have been rather unfortunate; I kept an inn; I have been unfortunate by affliction, but as to honesty, my character was never questioned; I am not near my friends, who are upwards of one hundred miles off.


                  ANN 
                  GRACE COLE
               



            . He gave me the name of Fuller, I believe, but I am not positive - he never came back the morning after he left; he never gave me notice that he meant to quit the lodging - he was apprehended on the 27th of September.


                  GEORGE 
                  CHIDZER
               



            . I am a City policeman. I apprehended the prisoner in Brill's-head-court, King-street, Snow-hill, on the 27th of September, about ten o'clock in the morning - the prosecutor's brother came to me andasked me to come and take him - I told him what I took him for; he said, he knew nothing about it, and denied ever having lodged in the place, or having been there - he said he was down at Bristol, at the time the occurrence took place - the prosecutor and Mrs. Cole were there, and they named where the lodging was; he denied having lived there; he was remanded to get a letter from his friends at Bristol, to state he was there at the time, and a person came forward to prove it, but he never saw him in Bristol.
Prisoner. The prosecutrix, as I stood by the door, came in and passed me in the house, and I stopped some time myself talking to the landlady of the house, and went out again - if I had had any inclination to escape, I had plenty of opportunities - she was away some time before she brought the person belonging to the property - I never knew the woman - I went into the Cholera Hospital, in Greville-street on the 10th of August, and stopped there eleven nights, and had all my clothes burnt - but it was a different time that I was in Bartholomew Hospital - I have a certificate from the Cholera Hospital to show I was there, and afflicted with the malignant cholera.
Edmund Ireland, butcher, No. 3, Water-lane, Fleet-street, and Samuel Allen, a coffee-house-waiter, gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
