





1007. 
               
                  
                     EDWARD 
                     BURN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 12th of April
, 60 lbs. of raisins, value 25s., and 1 box, value 6d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Rawlinson
                  




               
            .


                  JANE 
                  YATES
               



            . I am in the service of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Rawlinson
               



            , wholesale grocer
, No. 63, Snow-hill


. On the 12th of April, about nine o'clock in the morning, I was in the kitchen, which is under the warehouse, two men came and stood on the iron grating, watching at the warehouse window; the box of raisins was on some bags behind the warehouse door - the porter was in the warehouse; I saw the two men go from the window - I saw one go by the door, the other stepped into the warehouse, came down the step with the box, and gave it to the other; I could see all this from the kitchen - I ran up, and asked the porter if he had given any box out; he said he had not - I said, "Then a man has taken one, and given it to another;" he ran out, and brought the prisoner back in twenty minutes or less with it - I could not distinguish the features of the man I saw.


                  CHARLES 
                  EDWARDS
               



            . I am porter to Mr. Rawlinson. On the 12th of April, about nine o'clock, Dale came up, and gave me information - I immediately ran out, and saw the prisoner going towards Holborn with the box on his shoulder - he turned up a court on this side of Field-lane; I saw nobody with him; I followed, and took him; the court leads into Snow-hill again; he had got into Snow-hill before I took him, and thrown the box down, as he saw me - I pursued, and overtook him in about two minutes in King-street - I called Stop thief! and he was stopped; he had dropped the box in the court, where I found it - I knew it to be my master's by the letters 
               I. C. 
            which I had put on it myself; it contains 65 lbs. of raisins - he said some man had given him 6d. to carry it; he did not name the man.


                  THOMAS 
                  PIKE
               



            . I am a constable. I received the prisoner in charge - he said nothing.(Property produced and sworn to.)



               GUILTY
            . Aged 22. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
