





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
1485. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     EVERETT
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving, on the 5th of July
, three 50l. promissory notes, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Thomas 
                           Jamieson
                        




                     
                  , then lately before stolen, he well knowing the same to have been stolen
            .
MR. PHILLIPS conducted the prosecution.


                  HENRY 
                  LAVENDER
               



            . I am a tailor, and live at 78, Fleet-street. On the 7th of July, about eleven o'clock in the morning, the prisoner came into my shop, and purchased a suit of clothes, for which he agreed to give me 6l.; he gave me his name 
               
                  William 
                  Everett
               



            , and told me to send the clothes to Mr. Lewis', in Wych-street - he offered me a note, remarking at the time that it was a 50l. note - it was a branch-bank; I took it in my hand, and told him I had not sufficient change in the house, but I would send my brother to the Bank, and get it cashed - he said very well, and sat down; I sent my brother with the note, and at the expiration of an hour he said he would step out for a few minutes, which he did, and returned almost directly, waited a considerable time, then went out again, and when he returned he was detained; Mr. Christmas was then in the shop - I had written "
               
                  William 
                  Everett
               



            " on the note, before I gave it out of my hand to my brother, and am sure I gave him the same note I received - the prisoner asked where he got it from; he said at Pershore fair, in Worcestershire - Mr. Christmas and him had a conversation, in which I did not interfere; he was given into custody.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. You did not know him before? A. No; the transaction appeared open - I should think any body knew that when notes are lost notice is sent to the Bank; he could have left my shop altogether if he had chosen - he was rather uneasy while waiting; he said he had received that particular note at Pershore.


                  CHARLES 
                  CHRISTMAS
               



            . I am an investigator of Bank notes. On the 7th of July I received a 50l. Newcastle branch-bank note, No. 1158, dated 7th of April, 1829 - I accompanied Mr. Lavender's brother from the Bank to the shop; the prisoner was not there - he came in; I told him the 50l. note he had presented for payment to Mr. Lavender was a stolen note, and I had come to make inquiry respecting it; I asked his name and address - he said 
               
                  William 
                  Everett
               



            , No. 22, John-street, Leicester; that he had left there about a fortnight before - I asked from whom he received the note? for what? and when? he said he had received it on the Saturday previous, which must have been the 3rd of July, (this was Wednesday) - I am quite certain he said so; I asked the hour of the day - he said ten o'clock; that he received it at Pershore from a person he did not know, in a public-house - I asked him the sign; he could not tell - he said he sold goods to the gentleman he had it from; I asked what goods - he said silk handkerchiefs, and other silks; I asked to what amount - he said to the amount of 45l.; I asked what change he gave - he said five sovereigns, and that he had never seen the person before; I asked where he had been every day from the time he left Leicester till he arrived in London - he could not tell where he had been on any one day, nor any one house he had put up at; he said he came to London as a hawker to buy goods, and remained till after the King's funeral - after he was in custody I desired him to be taken to Mr. B. Lewis,' Wych-street; I asked where he was the day previous to his coming to London - he said on that day he was at Coventry; I asked where there - he said he could not tell, he did not know the house; I asked him if he could point out the house of Lewis, in Wych-street - he said in the shop that he could point it out, and when we got to St. Clement's church, I requested Led better to stop, and let him point it out; we both asked him to point out the house - he said he could not; he said other persons were in the room at the time he received the note at Pershore; he was asked the names of the persons - he said they were all strangers.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you go into Wych-street with him? A. I did, and found a person named Lewis kept the house; I asked, in his presence, if he knew him - he had not referred me there, but I understood he had desired the parcel to be sent there; I desired him when we got to St. Clement's church to point out the house - it could be seen from there; it was not thirty yards off, for it is at the end of the street, three or four houses up - I cannot say when this note was issued.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. What passed between Lewis and you in the prisoner's presence? A. I asked Lewis if he knew the prisoner - he said he did not, he had never seen him before; the prisoner made no answer to that - I asked if he had breakfasted there; he said he had not - Mrs. Lewis came afterwards, and said he had been at the house that morning, but neither eat nor drank there; I delivered the note to the chief cashier, and am certain this is the same note.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HEDLEY
               



            . I am a clerk to Lambton and Co., bankers, of Newcastle-on-Tyne. On the 3rd of July I gave Mr. Dickenson some Bank notes, which I entered in this book - this note is one of them; it corresponds with the entry, and I have no doubt is one of those I paid him.
Cross-examined. Q. Is that book kept by yourself? A. Partly - this entry was made by me at the time; Dickenson is a clerk in our bank - I sent the notes by him to Mr. Jamieson - No. 1,158, dated 7th April, 1829, 50l., was one of them.


                  UTRICK 
                  WALTON DICKENSON
               



            . I am clerk at Lambton's bank. On the 3rd of July I received 800l. from Hedley, and gave the same notes to Mr. Jamieson's clerk, Mr. Young, in about five minutes.


                  JAMES 
                  YOUNG
               



            . I am an assistant to the prosecutors, at Newcastle-on-Tyne. I received the 800l. from Dickenson, in notes, and took them immediately to Mr. Jamieson.


                  THOMAS 
                  JAMIESON
               



            . I am a warehouseman
, and live at Newcastle-on-Tyne. I received 800l. from Young, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, on the 3rd of July; I do not know the numbers of the notes - I put the same notes into my breeches pocket; they were never out of my pocket till I missed them on the 5th of July- I had seen them between the 3rd and 5th; they were in my possession on the 4th of July, when I was travelling; I got to Manchester about twelve on the 5th, and was going into the Albion hotel - there was a crowd assembled to see the King proclaimed; I heard several people crying, Make way! Make way! I looked round, and saw three respectable people, like merchants' clerks, following me, and when I got to the bottom of the steps there was a crowd of women, who would not let me pass up the stairs - an altercation took place; I felt a pressure, and an attempt to take my watch - I turned round to ask what that meant, and they were gone; I got through the crowd into the hotel, and in a few minutes missed the whole 800l.; I wrote to the Bank to have the notes stopped that night, and some time after, in consequence of a communication from the Bank, I came to town, and this case was investigated.
Cross-examined. Q. You do not identify this particular note? A. No - I placed the notes into my pocket on the 3rd; they remained there till the 5th, and were never out of my possession - I took them out of my pocket in the coach, to look at them, on the 4th, on the road from Newcastle to Leeds, and put a 30l. promissory note which I had in the same parcel; I wrapped it round the 800l.: they were just rolled together - I swear none of them fell from the bundle, it was impossible; when at Manchester I felt a catch at my watch, and I was prossed round the body - I had some sovereigns in the same breeches pocket, but had no occasion to take them out, as I had money in my other pocket, and paid my fare out of that; I am certain I took nothing from the pocket the notes were in - I slept at Leeds on the 4th, and left my notes in my pocket; I felt them there - it is impossible one could be lost.
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. About what hour on the 3rd did you receive them? A. Between four and five o'clock, at Newcastle - I arrived at Manchester about twelve, on the 5th, and felt this pressure between one and two; I have no recollection of the prisoner being one who surrounded me.
MR. CHRISTMAS. Newcastle is about two hundred miles from Pershorne.


                  GEORGE 
                  LEDBETTER
               



            . I am an officer. I took the prisoner into custody.


                  HENRY 
                  LAVENDER
               



            . This is the note he gave me - it has my writing on it; I had no other 50l. note that day.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
