





1238. 
               
                  
                     BENJAMIN 
                     TAYLOR
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 8th of June
, 2 live tame fowls, price 4s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Pridmore
                  




               
            .
JAMES GEORGE. I am a Bow-street patrol, stationed at Palmer's-green, Edmonton. On the 8th of June I saw the prisoner on the road leading to Edmonton, with a bag on his shoulder - I stopped him, and found three fowls in it; he said his aunt gave him them from Hadleigh - he first said her name was Webb, and then Webber; I found on him a pair of stockings, seven keys, two phosphorus-boxes, and a bit of candle - in his hat I found some children's things; I went to where he said his aunt lived, but could not find her.


                  MATTHEW 
                  PRIDMORE
               



            . I am the son of William Pridmore, who lives at South Mimms


. On the 8th of June I went to the hen-house - I found one lock wrenched off, and another broken; I missed some fowls - this is one of them; I brought it seventy-one miles, and this other is my father's - I know them both.
Prisoner. On the third examination he swore they were his fowls, and he said there were three locks broken, and at the fourth examination, when his father came, he said there were two broken. Witness. I said there were two broken; my father's place is seven or eight miles from Palmer's-green.
WILLIAM PRIDMORE. I locked up the hen-house on the over night; the next morning it had been opened and the lock broken to pieces, and two hens, four chickens, and a rabbit were taken - the lock of a duck-house was broken, and the slaughter-house door was open; I know these fowls to be mine.
Prisoner's Defence. I bought them as I was crossing Hadleigh-common.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
