





695. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     GOWER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 4th of February
, 1 handkerchief, value 2d.; 1 purse, value 2d., and 1 sovereign, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Jeremiah 
                           McGurrin
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JEREMIAH 
                  McGURRIN
               



            . I keep a beer and porter shop
 in Barbican. On the 4th of February I received a sovereign and 2s. 6d. in silver, at Shadwell, in the evening - I then went with two other persons, and had 1 1/2 lb. of steaks, two pots of porter, and three four-penny worths of gin-and-water between us; I then went to another public-house, where I saw the prisoner - she asked me to treat her, which I did; we were there two or three hours - we had about two quarterns of gin, and I had four pennyworth of gin-and-water; I was not drunk - we came together to Red Lion-market, Whitecross-street


; she followed me nearly to my own house - I had not known her before; I had taken out my bag and paid for the liquor at the public-house - I felt in it a sovereign, and 1s. 6d., and I had 6d. worth of copper in the same pocket - when I got near to Red Lion-market I had occasion to stop; I took my bag from my right-hand breeches pocket, and thrust it into my bosom for safety, as I thought the prisoner followed me too long; no sooner had I done that than she snatched the bag from my bosom, and ran away - I sung out Stop thief! she ran out of the market; I made a rush to catch her, and fell on my knees - she ran out, but came into the market again, and the Policeman took her; he found on her my pocket handkerchief, but none of the money, nor the bag - I was sober, and I swear she took it from me; I did not like her being so long about me, and wanted to get from her; I am married.


                  GEORGE 
                  GLADWELL
               



            . I am a Police-constable. I heard the alarm, and saw the prisoner run about twenty yards before I caught her; the prosecutor said she had robbed him of a sovereign, and a bag - the flap of his breeches was undone, and the knees muddy: I found the handkerchief on the prisoner, a sixpence, and 4d. in copper; the prosecutor was the worse for liquor, but not drunk.
JEREMIAH McGURRIN. This handkerchief was in my coat pocket - I did not give it to her.
The prisoner put in a written defence, stating that the prosecutor, who was intoxicated, had followed her, endeavouring to prevail on her to accompany him, but that she had not robbed him.




               GUILTY of stealing the handkerchief
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Fourteen Years
            .
