





Fourth Middlesex Jury, before Mr. Common Sergeant.
2142. 
               
                  BRIDGET 
                  MORRIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of September
, 1 bonnet, value 3s.; 2 gowns, value 5s.; 2 petticoats, value 1s. 6d.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 6d.; 1 apron, value 2d., and 1 pair of stockings, value 3d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Kelly
               




            .


                  MARY 
                  KELLY
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Kelly
               



             - he lives in Devonshire-street, Lisson-grove


. On the 28th of September I was out washing till a quarter before ten o'clock at night; on my return I found a deal box broken open in my room, and I missed my property - I saw the prisoner at half-past eleven the same night, as I was at the window of my room, and she had my bonnet on her head; I went down and charged her with it, and she was taken into custody.


                  WILLIAM 
                  EDWARD WRIGHT
               



            . I was an officer I took the prisoner with this bundle, which I produce she said the articles were her own - I asked what business she had in the prosecutor's room; she said she had not been there; I asked how she came by the bonnet my her head - she said she bought it at Newcastle, on her way from Ireland, six months previous; I took her to the station, and found these things all of which were claimed by the prosecutor - I then went to the prosecutor's room and found the box broken open, the hasp hanging inside; and a black bonnet, which the prisoner afterwards claimed - she said, "Give me that bonnet, it is mine;" I asked how she came by two bonnets - she again said, she had bought this one on her way from Ireland, and the black one she bought in London, and the other things were given her by a lady in Soho.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner. I bought these things at Westminster for 5s., and the petticoat was a present to me; I told her every thing I had in the bundle.


                  MARY 
                  KELLY
               



            . No, she never told me any thing - I said "How came you by my bonnet;" she said it was not mine - she made an attempt to go, and to shake herself from me; she was inquiring the nearest way to Harcourt-street; the black bonnet was left on the floor of my room.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
