



891. 



MARGARET COURTNEY BROWN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
4th of February, 2 coats, value 3l.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 pair of shoes, value 2s. 6d.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 7s.; 1 seal, value 35s.; 4 pen-knives, value 5s.; 1 razor, value 5s.; 1 purse, value 6d.; 3 sovereigns, 2 half-crowns, and 2 shillings, the goods and monies of 



Stephen Walton, from his person.






STEPHEN WALTON
. I have been a clerk in a timber-yard. On the 4th of February, between twelve and one o'clock at night, I was about to call on a friend in the Commercial-road—the prisoner accosted me in Aldgate or Whitechapel—she induced me to go home with her—I was quite

sober—I went home with her to her lodging, as I thought, in Essex-street, Whitechapel—the room was on the ground floor—I took off my boots and waistcoat, and kept on my trowsers—I had five sovereigns in ray trowsers pocket—I went to bed between twelve and one o'clock—I think I had given her some money—I know I did and to the best of my recollection, 6s. or 7s.—I did not take off my trowsers—we did not go into the bed—I was on the bed and fell asleep—I awoke about five o'clock in the morning and she was gone, my clothes were gone, and all my money out of my pocket—I lost five sovereigns, a coat, waistcoat, and a pair of shoes—I immediately gave notice to the police—I did not see any body with her—a man named Doyle was tried here—I was the prosecutor—he was convicted—I have never found my property—I swear positively she is the girl.





GEORGE SEAMAN
. I am a policeman. I had information of the robbery—I was a witness against Doyle—he lived with the prisoner in Essex-court, at the house which the witness pointed out—I have known them living together there four or five months, as man and wife—I apprehended Doyle—I had seen the prisoner about the neighbourhood before the robbery, but after the robbery she absconded—I used all diligence to find her, but never saw her till I found her in custody—I saw her and Doyle together about half-past eleven o'clock at night on the 4th—I apprehended Doyle next morning.





HENRY COTTON
. I am a policeman. The prisoner cohabited with Doyle at the house in question—I saw them together several times on the night of the 4th of February, from nine o'clock until twelve o'clock—she was suspected—I used every exertion to find her, but could not—I took her into custody in Wentworth-street, after Doyle was convicted—she always went by the name of Moggy Brown—since that she has gone by another name.





WILLIAM JOHNSON
. I lived in the same room with the prisoner and Doyle—I left them on the 3rd of February—they lived together as man and wife.





JAMES STACEY
. I am a policeman. About half-past nine o'clock, on the morning of the robbery, I was called into the room—I saw the prosecutor who said he had been robbed—he described the woman—the prisoner answered his description.




GUILTY of stealing, but not from the person.


Transported for Seven Years.
