






1436. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     CANTY
                  




               
             and 
               
                  JOHN 
                  HARRINGTON
               



             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 6th of June
, 1 basket, value 4d.; 1 bowl, value 3d.; 180 pennies, and 140 farthings
            , the property of 
               
                  Colin 
                  Anderson
               




            .
COLIN ANDERSON. I am a baker
, and live in Duke-street, St. George's in the East


. On the 6th of June I had a basket near my shop window, containing a quantity of coppers - I cannot tell exactly how much; it held about 30s. worth, when full - it was about half full of halfpence, pence, and farthings - about ten at night I saw it safe; I turned my back into the adjoining room, and in less than five minutes it was gone - a paste board, which had been placed before a broken square of glass, was moved; it was a small cake-basket, without handles - I saw the prisoners in custody the following day, but have not found either basket or money.


                  WILLIAM 
                  SMITH
               



            . I live with my parents. On Monday night, the 6th of June, I saw Canty looking into the prosecutor's window; he was alone, and watching at the corner, about six o'clock in the evening - at a quarter to ten I saw him running with the basket in his hand, close to the prosecutor's shop; I heard the money jink - he was about ten yards from the shop; it was a little oval cakebasket, without handles; I told Mr. Anderson - I did not see the other prisoner there.


                  JAMES 
                  BROOK
               



            . The two prisoners came to the White Lion public-house, called for two pints of beer, and paid for them both with farthings; several persons drank with them - they had a Scotch cap with halfpence in it, and appeared to be dividing them; our house is nearly a quarter of a mile from the prosecutor's - I was shutting up soon after, and they were then sitting on the steps of the next house, and appeared to be dividing a great quantity of halfpence.


                  JAMES 
                  COHEN
               



            . I saw the prisoners either on Monday or Tuesday night, sitting at my door, with two more young men; I heard them pulling coppers about - I asked where they got the halfpence; they said, "By Jack in the water"- I went to a public-house, and called for a pint of beer; Harrington came in, and asked me for a light; he gave me 3s. in coppers, to take care of - I returned it to him next day; I am a coal-whipper.


                  CHARLES 
                  HITCHINGS
               



            . I am a Policeman. I apprehended Canty - a man named Eley was detained to give evidence, but he is in the House of Correction.
Canty's Defence. I got a good bit of money at the water side, and we used to share it between us.
CANTY - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
HARRINGTON - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
