





914. 
               
                  
                     ANTHONY 
                     SOUTH
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; and 1 time-piece, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Clark
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CLARK
               



            . I live at Brook-green, Hammersmith


. On the 21st of April, I came out of the night-house just after twelve o'clock - I met the prisoner and two other soldiers
 at the door; they said they had come all the way from Windsor, and they wanted some tobacco and a drop of beer, which I gave them; and in going down the town they said they were very hungry, and I took them home, and gave them something to eat, and sent for four pots of beer for them; they staid till past four o'clock, and then they said they wished to have a drop of rum, and we went and had half a pint of rum and a pot of beer; the prisoner then whispered to the other two, and he went out; the other two then went out and ran away - my wife said to me, "John, your eyes are not open, I have no notion of these men" - she and I then went home, and missed a handkerchief and a time-piece.


                  HENRY 
                  CLARK
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son. I was at home in bed and asleep, and the prisoner came in and said Mr. Clark had sent him home to come to bed; I said he could not have any bed there, he must go and find Mr. Clark; he then went into the other room, where these things were.


                  ANN 
                  CLARK
               



            . The handkerchief and time-piece were in the other room - we got home and missed them.


                  TIMOTHY 
                  LYNCH
               



             (police-constable T 167). I was informed of the loss of these things; I went in pursuit of the soldiers into Little Chelsea, I overtook the other two before I got up to the prisoner - I could not do any thing with him, he would neither go one way nor the other; then he said he would come, and he walked with me, and he put out his leg to throw me into a ditch; I then threw him down; I let him get up, he then threw this handkerchief and this time-piece stand into the ditch; and he threw something else in, which was buried in the mud, and we could not find it; he then made his escape - I went back, and found these articles and his cap - he joined his regiment in two or three days, and the regiment gave him up to our officer - it is the first regiment of Grenadier Guards.(Property produced and sworn to).
Prisoner's Defence. I am charged with this robbery at Fulham, but I was not near the place.


                  JAMES 
                  TAYLOR
               



            , a serjeant in the regiment, gave the prisoner a good character.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 36. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
