






1026. 
               
                  
                     FRANCES ANN 
                     NASH
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     PEARSON
                  



               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 20th of February
, 1 lace collar, value 7s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Ruth 
                     Bruce
                  




               
            .


                  ELIZABETH 
                  BRUCE
               



            . I live with my mother, 
               
                  Ruth 
                  Bruce
               



            . About two years ago Nash came to our house, and passed as Pearson's husband; she had lived with my aunt some years ago. On the 20th of February they came, and my mother asked them to stop to tea; my mother showed them a lace tippet which laid on the sofa - they said it was very handsome; my mother then put it into a drawer, and went out to get some tea; Pearson then asked me to show Nash the wash-house and back garden, but she did not go - I went down, leaving them in the room; when my mother came back they had tea, and went away about six o'clock; we missed the collar in a few minutes - I made inquiries, and found where Nash lived; I went and charged her with it - she denied it, and I called the officer.


                  JOHN 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am an officer. I took Nash about eleven o'clock on the 27th of February, and in the morning I went to her lodging; from information I received I went to the water-closet, and with a long search I found on the soil three pieces of a duplicate, which makes the duplicate complete, all but the pawnbroker's name.


                  JAMES 
                  ALDOUS
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I have a lace tippet, pawned by Nash, in the name of 
               
                  Ann 
                  Lewis
               



             - I have known her a long time.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Nash. This man knows nothing of it; I took it because I was out of work, and literally starving; my landlady said if I could not pay my rent that night I should be turned into the street.
NASH - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 25.



               Transported for Seven Years
            .
PEARSON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 30.



               Confined Three Months
            .
