





2177. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WHITE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of August
, 1 pocket, value 6d.; 1/2 oz. of stoneblue, value 1d.; 1 shilling; 1 sixpence; 3 pennies, and5 halfpence, the property of 
                     
                        
                           Ann 
                           O'Dell
                        




                     
                  , from her person
            .


                  ANN 
                  O'DELL
               



            . I go out washing. On the 15th of August, I had been to Tabernacle-walk - I had some ale given to me, which I am not used to, and was used very ill by some prostitutes; when I left home I had two shillings, a sixpence, three pennies, and five halfpence, in my pocket, with a bit of stone-blue; my pocket strings were broken, and the pocket snatched off by a man who came up to me, and said something abusive; the Policeman came up and asked where I lived; I know I had half an ounce of stone-blue in my pocket - I do not know the prisoner.


                  WILLIAM 
                  LAW
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was on duty in Shoreditch


, soon after eleven o'clock. The prosecutrix was rather in liquor - some girls said something to her; she said, "D - n them, d - n the whores;" they run after her, knocked her down, and made her nose bleed -I took care of her; in Church-street the prisoner came out of a public-house, looked under her bonnet, and said,"Halloo, what is the matter?" I said, "Do you know her?" - he said Yes, and said to her, "Do'nt you know your Billy?" she said, "Yes, I know you Billy,," and he walked away with her.


                  SAMUEL 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am a Policeman. I saw the prisoner in Church-street, with his arm round the prosecutrix's waist; I was looking after him, as it was suspected he would rob her - I saw him run from her, and run down Club-row; she called out, "You have got my pocket" - she was in liquor, but sober enough for that; I then pursued him, but he got away; Shippey, a private watchman, took him in about an hour, and gave him to me - I searched, and found on him two penny-pieces, and some stone-blue; Shippey picked up a pocket; he must have gone down where it was found.


                  ROBERT 
                  SHIPPEY
               



            . I am a private watchman. I saw the prisoner come out of the public-house, and say "Come along with your Billy" - I knew the prisoner very well, and followed about fifteen yards distant, and when they had walked about one hundred yards, I heard her say,"You b - y villaim, give me my pocket;" he ran towards Club-row - I ran in the direction he took, and picked up the pocket.


                  ANN 
                  O'DELL
               



            . This is my pocket, which was cut off; I had a piece of stone-blue in it, exactly like this - the prisoner was a perfect stranger to me.
Prisoner's Defence. I am quite innocent.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 33. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
