





311. 
               
                  SARAH 
                  DAVIS
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of December
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 seal, value 10s., and 1 key, value 10s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Clark
               




            .
JOHN CLARK. On Saturday, the 26th of December, I went with the prisoner to a house in George-street, St. Giles'


; I took out my watch, and laid it on the table - she contrived to put the light out, snatched up the watch, and ran out with it; - I am certain she is the person; it was between ten and eleven o'clock at night, but I had been some time with her at a public-house and had an opportunity of seeing her - I swear she is the woman; the light might be in the room about five minutes; I was standing against the window when she took the watch - the table stood between the window and the door, and was between us; I have never seen the watch since; I was not acquainted with the staircase, and could not get after her, but I called the people in the house; they brought up a light, but the watch and she were both gone; she was taken, I think, on the Friday following - the officer found her - I had told him what had happened.
Prisoner. I never saw the watch, and that he knows; he gave me a penny to go and buy a candle when the candle went out; and when he came out of the public-house he began fighting with two men. Witness. There was no fighting - I was quite sober.
DAVID CLYDE. I met Clark as I was going to a tobacco-shop, and took him to a public-house to treat him with a quartern of gin; when I came out he did not come out - I looked, and saw him talking to the prisoner and some other girls - he afterwards came out; the prisoner came out and called to him to go with her - this was at the corner of Crown-street, at the bottom of Tottenham-court-road - he was sober; he came to me on the Tuesday following, and said the girl I saw him with had taken his watch from him; I said I would look for her; I afterwards saw the prisoner dressed differently to what she was that night; I went to her and said, "If you will give me the duplicate, I will let you go;" she said she would give it me; I went to her house - I would not go up stairs, I said I would wait - I waited, but she did not come down; I described her to the Police-man - he went in and took her.
WILLIAM SIMMONS. Clyde told me to take the prisoner - I asked if his friend would come forward - he said he did not know, but he came again in two hours and said his friend would; I found her next day from the description, and took her to the watch-house.
Prisoner's Defence. On boxing-night the prosecutor was with four women talking in the street - he came over and asked if I would have any thing to drink - he took me to Mr. Clark's, and there we drank for about two hours; when we came out, a young Irishman and the prosecutor began fighting - I took him away - he said he would go home with me all night - I said I would take him to a house, and he gave me a penny to get a candle; I went out - there was a piece of work in the street, and two girls were taken to the watch-house; I went with them - I never saw this watch.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 20. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
