





270. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     BREWER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of November
, 17lbs. weight of buck leather, value 1l. 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Stevens
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  CHARD
               



            . I am a shoemaker of Lisson-green. On the 1st of December the prisoner, who was a stranger, came to me, and said he had some leather to sell; I asked where he came from; he said, "The leather is coming out of the country" - he said he had five butts of it; I asked whether he was a boatman - he said he was, and appointed to bring me the leather the same night; on the 2nd he came to me again in the Edgware-road, and asked whether I would have that or not - I had not appointed to meet him there: he said he would bring it in half an hour, it was all quite ready, the stamps were all cut out, and it was drawn into the canal - I thought he meant the duty stamp, as all leather is marked before it leaves the tan-pit; he then brought me one butt doubled up in a sack, and said, if he could depend on me and I upon him we should do well - he turned the butt out of a sack into my passage: I asked what he wanted for it - he said, 25s.; I said, "You ask too much, I suppose you will take 1l." - we left it there and went to a public-house to get bread and cheese; I made an excuse that money was rather short, went out, and got the constable; he came and took him - he told me the second day I saw him that he had eight of them.


                  PHILIP 
                  WEBSTER
               



            . I am an officer. Chard applied to me on the 1st of December, and told me that a man had offered him some leather, and on the 2nd he told me that the prisoner was the man; he had one butt in his possession at the time - the prisoner said he had bought it, and had given 15s. for it, to some boatman, between ten and eleven o'clock in the morning, near the stop of Paddington canal; I had known him before - he worked at a brick-maker's yard; he has been out of employ for some time - he said he could point out the man if he saw him; they were gone down to the City-basin - we went to Mr. Pickford's wharf; there were three boats in - he saw all the men, but said it was none of these; we then went to the lock - he said it was none of them; I at last found Mr. Stevens.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. He told you at once that he bought it? A. Yes; he did not propose to take me to his master.


                  GEORGE 
                  BENNETT
               



            . I am journeyman to Mr. Stevens, a tanner at Cowley. The canal runs through there; I assisted the Excise-officer in marking and weighing the leather, on Saturday, the 14th of November - the next morning I went to the warehouse, and saw the window open, and a piece of leather lying there; there were nine butts missing - I examined this butt when I was before the Magistrate; the Excise-office mark is cut out, but our private mark is still here, and I know it is my master's.
Cross-examined. Q. I suppose the Excise marks are the same in one as in another? A. They are not the sameat different tanners; they have moveable letters - my master puts the same mark on every one he tans, and we sell a great many; I cannot swear that this had not been sold.
COURT. Q.Does your master cut out the Excise marks? A. No.
Prisoner's Defence. On the 15th of November I was at home at half-past six o'clock at night, and did not go out till past six the next morning; when I was taken to the office, at the second examination, the officer had the witnesses brought in one at a time - I did not know what they said.
PHILIP WEBSTER. He stated he was in the new Police at the time he was taken.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
