





398. 
               
                  
                     GEORGE 
                     JAKES
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21th of November
, 1 silver fork, value 12s., and 1 spoon, value 12s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Thomas 
                     Gilby
                  



               
            .
SECOND COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 
               
                  
                     George 
                     Cakebread
                  



               
            .


                  GEORGE 
                  CAKEBREAD
               



            . I am waiter
 to Mr. Thomas Gilby, who keeps the Woolpack tavern, in St. Peter's-alley




. On the 23rd or 24th of November the prisoner came and ordered dinner; he inquired what there was to pay - this was between six and seven o'clock - he had not finished his dinner; I told him 2s. - he gave me 3s., and ordered me to get him a glass of gin and water, which made the reckoning half a crown; when I went down to get the gin and water he followed me down stairs, and passed me while I was standing at the bar - I understood him to say"Take it up stairs, and I will be back directly," or words to that effect - I placed the gin and water on the table, and proceeded to my other business; my suspicions were awakened, as he did not return, and in half an hour I missed these articles - I did not see him again till one day in December.


                  HARRIET 
                  RATHBONE
               



            . I am a pawnbroker. I took in these articles from a man on the 25th of November, at our shop in Frederick's-place, Borough-road.


                  JOSHUA 
                  FREDERICK CLEMENTS
               



            . I am an officer. I had the prisoner in St. James' station-house in December; he wrote to his wife - I intercepted the note: I went to his wife's lodging, in Suffolk-street, Borough - I there found this duplicate for two spoons and a fork, dated the 25th of November, for 1l. 4s.
HARRIET RATHBONE. This is the duplicate I gave.


                  GEORGE 
                  CAKEBREAD
               



            . I can swear to these articles, except the one spoon, of which the marks have been erased - nobody else was in the room.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 28. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
