





798. 
               
                  
                     CHRISTOPHER 
                     SCRIVENER
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing out the 6th of April
, 1 tea-chest, value 1s. and 82 lbs. weight of shew, value 22l.
            ; the goods of 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Simpson
               




             and others.


                  RICHARD 
                  BOHLEN
               



            . About a quarter-past eight o'clock in the evening on the 6th of April, I saw a waggon coming from Wood-street


, up Cripplegate-buildings; there was a tilt on the fore part - it was going towards Fore-street


: I saw some persons about the waggon, and the prisoner was in the waggon; he removed a chest of tea from the front of it to the tail - he then jumped out, and as the waggon turned round Fore-street, he tried to take the chest on his shoulder, but it was too heavy; he took it in his arms, and threw it on the pavement - I ran over to seize him, but he and the others ran away; I took charge of the chest of tea, and called the waggoner; there was an alarm raised - the prisoner was pursued and taken; I am sure he is the man; I had seen him frequently about that quarter.
Prisoner. When he saw me at the watch-house the officer asked if he knew me, and he said he did not. Witness. No, I swore to him as soon as I saw him - I have not the least doubt of him.


                  STEPHEN 
                  RATFORD
               



            . I was the waggoner. The goods belonged to Messrs. Slinpson, Graham, and Co.; it was their ten, and their waggon and horses - this chest had been in front of the waggon, and I found it on the pavement; there were 82 lbs. of tea in it; it could not have fallen out - I did not observe any one about.


                  ISAAC 
                  NEWTON
               



            . I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  Thomas 
                  Simpson
               



            , Graham, and Co.; there are four or five other partners - they are wholesale grocers and tea-dealers and live in Bridge-street. The waggon and goods were theirs.


                  JACOB 
                  BOTFIELD
               



            . I took the prisoner to the watch-house, when he was identified by Bohlen.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. I was going to Little St. Thomas Apostle; at the corner of Cripplegate-buildings a man pushed against me, and struck me; I struck him again, but he was too big for me, and I ran away - he ran after me to give me a good thrashing, I suppose; I was taken to the watch-house; the witness was asked if the knew me; he said he was not certain - they then asked a little boy, and he said he was not certain; the witness then said I was the man.


                  JACOB 
                  BOTFIELD
               



             re-examined. Q. Where did you see the prisoner? A. At the corner of London-well; he was running, and fell down at the end of Aldermanbury- he was the first person running, and I took him.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
