



1646. 




JOHN MORGAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
9th of June, three handkerchiefs, value 3s., the goods of 



George Cresey; and that he had been before convicted of felony.






GEORGE CRESEY
. I live in Lawrence-lance, St. Giles, and am a smith I had three handkerchiefs, and 30s. in silver, on the 9th of June—I laid down on my bed, and fell asleep—I had not laid long before I missed them—I know the prisoner; he lodged in the house for a little while.

Prisoner. Do you think I stole them? Witness. I do not know; I swear these are my handkerchiefs.





MARY EAGLE
. On the day of the robbery, the prisoner called me out, and said he wanted to speak to me—I went with him to the pawnbroker, and pawned one handkerchief, which he gave me—I then went to Rogers's shop, where I sold the other two, and gave him the money—he put his head in at the door as I was selling them, and said, "Do you think I stole them. "

Prisoner. Q. Had you not been drinking with the prosecutor that morning? A. Certainly I had; I get my living by hard work, as can be proved—I did not accuse any old man of it.





GEORGE CRESEY
. Yes, she had, but she is not my wife.






SARAH ROGERS
. I am the wife of William Rogers. I keep a shop in Peter-street, St. James's—I bought these two handkerchiefs of Mary Eagle, and the prisoner—she asked 1s. for them—I said that was too much, I would give her 10d.—she said to him, "Will you take 10d.?"—he said. "Yes; if I did not want money, I would not take it. "





CHARLES STEWART WARREN
. I produce a certificate of the prisoner's conviction on the 2nd of March last—I know he is the man (read).

Prisoner. I am quite innocent; it was Mary Eagle that stole the property—Mrs. Rogers is a woman that would buy any thing—I was going to a brother of mine; but he was not at home—I went to this house, meaning to lead an honest life—Mary Eagle walks the streets for her living.




GUILTY
. Aged 19.—


Transported for Seven Years.
See Eighth Session, page 365.
