



524. 




JOHN THOMPSON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of January, 1 till, value 4s.; 8 half-crowns, 10 shillings, 12 pence, and 10 halfpence; the goods and monies of 



Thomas Key.






WILLIAM JAMES BUDD
 (police-constable S 123.) I was on duty, on the 8th of January, at the corner of Milner-street, Euston-square, about six o'clock in the evening, about 100 yards from Mr. Key's—I was standing near the enclosure of Euston-square—I saw two men, and directly after I heard tome halfpence fall, and immediately a till—the prisoner then passed me, and dropped a halfpenny—as soon as he passed me he ran away—I called "Stop thief"—he was stopped by an officer, and brought back—as we were going across the road, he put his hand up, lifted his hat, and the halfpence fell down—he said, "There they are"—I then went and fetched the till, and as soon as he saw it, he said, "That is not the thing—I said, "Then it was in a thing"—he said, "Yes, but that was not the thing"—we proceeded towards the station—I thought it best to search him—he refused, and made use of very bad language—we were obliged to put him on his back, and I took 6s. and one half-crown out of his trowsers pocket—I found at last 2s. 8 1/2 d. in coppers—the other man made his escape—I took the prisoner to the station-house, and searched him again, and found a latch-key on him—the till is here.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. What part of Euston-square was this? A. Near to Milner-street—the New-road runs through the square—it was next the houses where this was, on the footway next the enclosure—it was in the road next the houses—there is an iron railing that runs round the enclosure—next to that is a footway, then a road, and then a footway next the houses, and this was on the foot-way next the iron railings—when I said it was in the road, I meant it was on the footway next the iron railings—it was near six o'clock—I was standing on that footway—these people were within twenty yards of me—I had been standing there perhaps half a minute—I was on duty in Euston-square—I could see these people stop, and saw they had something—I stood still—I had not been there more than half a minute—they came

towards me—I did not see them come into the square—when I did see them, they were in the square—they were always in the square when I saw them—I got 6s. and one half-crown, which I got out of the prisoner's pocket—there was no more that I found.





JOHN HEALEY
 (police-constable E 95.) I was in Ainsley-street—I heard a cry of "Stop thief"—I pursued towards the New-road, and saw the prisoner come towards me from across the New-road—I stopped him—he struck at me several times with a stick—he did not strike me—I took him till the other officer came to me—we took him across the road—he took of his hat, and the coppers fell down from his head.





THOMAS KEY
. I live at No. 10, Milner-street, Euston-square—this till is mine—it was safe at a quarter-past five o'clock on the evening of the 5th of January—it contained about 30s. in silver, and about 4s. in copper—there were eight or ten half-crowns, I dare say—I was in the house above, and went down to the bakers who were under the shop, and was absent about two minutes—I did not see any thing of the robbery.

Cross-examined. Q. You do not leave your till locked? A. We generally do—the till was in the counter—I was quite alone that evening—I saw it safe at a quarter-past five o'clock.

MR. DOANE
stated the prisoner's defence to be, that he was going along the square, and kicked against something, which proved to be the till containing the money in question; that he put it into his hat, and being is custody of the officer, he did the best he could to get away.




GUILTY
. Aged 23.—


Transported for Seven Years.
