





904. 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BANKS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of March
, 1 watch, value 3l.; 1 watch-chain, value 1s.; 2 seals, value 1l., and 1 watch-key, value 6d., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John Agness 
                           Johnson
                        




                     
                  , from his person
            .


                  JOHN 
                  AGNESS JOHNSON
               



            . I am a baker
, and live at Stepney. I was at the end of Redman's-row, leading to Mile-end, on the 21st of March, between one and two o'clock in the morning; I had been at my brother's on the Saturday evening - he had just lost a child - I met the prisoner just by Mile-end-gate; she asked for some gin - I said the shops were all shut, we could get none, and I was going home - she followed me to the end of Mutton-lane


, and solicited me to go down there with her; we then stood talking together, and she put her arm round my neck; I saw the watch in her hand - I did not feel it go from my fob, but I saw it the moment she was drawing it away - I seized her, and called the watchman - she endeavoured to get away, and slipped into a ditch with one foot; the watch was found in the ditch next morning, just where she slipped in.


                  JOHN 
                  CHAMBERLAIN
               



            . I am a Police-officer. I was on duty, and came up when the prosecutor called - he accused the prisoner of robbing him of his watch; she said she had no watch - I searched her, but found nothing; I could not find any thing that night - it was dark.


                  THOMAS 
                  DREW
               



            . The watch was brought to the section-house on the end of a garden rake.


                  GEORGE 
                  FAIRBRASS
               



            . I took it out of the ditch and carried it there.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The first thing he said was that, he was not certain whether he had left it at home, or where he had been drinking - he was quite intoxicated.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 21. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
