



224. 




MARIA CLIFTON
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of November, 1 watch, value 3l. 10s., the goods of 



Richard Maddox, from his person.






RICHARD MADDOX
. I am a carpenter, and live in Kennerton-place, Knightsbridge. Between two and three o'clock on the morning of the 30th of November, I met the prisoner at Knightsbridge—we went as far as Park-lane, and into Brick-street—she took me into a passage—the policeman discovered us, and ordered us to move on, which we did—we went to Park-lane again, and she suddenly left me, saying, "Stop a minute"—I felt, and missed my watch—I followed her, but did not overtake her—I saw a policeman, and told him—I went further, and met another policeman, who told me to go towards the Haymarket, which I did, but did not see her—I found her, on returning, in Vine-street station-house—I went there, described the watch, and it was produced—it was safe in my fob while I was walking with the prisoner.

Prisoner. Q. Do you mean to say I am the person who was with you? A. Certainly—I have not a doubt—I am confident of her.





CHARLES RUSSEL SHEPPARD
 (police-constable C 82.) On the 30th of November, between two and three o'clock in the morning, I saw the prosecutor in company with the prisoner, in a passage in Brick-street—I desired them to go away, and when I got to Down-street, I saw the prosecutor running—he made a complaint to me, and I gave information to different policemen—I saw the prisoner in custody afterwards—I am positive she is the woman I had seen with Maddox—she walked down Piccadilly between me and another constable, towards the station-house—she staggered towards the other constable, and threw her hand towards the rails, as if she was throwing something—I said, "You have thrown something away, stop"—she pretended to faint, and laid hold of the rails—I found a watch inside the rails of Burlington-house, wrapped up in this handkerchief.

Prisoner's Defence. It is quite false—as I was coming from Knights-bridge, I saw something lying in Park-lane—I kicked it with my foot, and picked it up—it was a black silk bag, and the watch was in it—the policeman came up to me in Piccadilly, and said I had robbed a man of some money—I said, "What money I have got belongs to myself—coming down Piccadilly, through their dragging me about, I dropped the watch from my bosom—I asked him where the man was, which he said I had robbed of money—he said he did not know what he had lost—I never was in the prosecutor's company.

C. R. SHEPPARD
re-examined. She threw the watch some distance inside the rails—it could not have fallen there, it went in between the rails,

about a yard—I saw her arm move—I did not hear the watch fall—I took 6s. 9d. from her—the prosecutor had told me be was robbed, but did not say what of—I am quite certain she is the woman whom I saw with him—directly I saw her, I said she was the person.
(Property produced and sworn to.)




GUILTY
. Aged 30.—


Transported for Seven Years.
