





788. 
               
                  
                     RICHARD 
                     JACKSON
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 15th of February
, 2 shirts, value 6s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Moore
                  



               
            .
TWO OTHER COUNTS, stating them to belong to 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Atkinson
                  



               
             and 
               
                  
                     Henry 
                     Holtzenyer
                  



               
            .


                  SARAH 
                  MOORE
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Moore
               



            , and am a washer-woman - we live at Tottenham


. I had these shirts on the common to dry; one of them belongs to Henry Holtzenyer, and the other to 
               
                  William 
                  Atkinson
               



             -I was not at home when they were taken.


                  JAMES 
                  LANBOURN
               



            . I am a gardener, at Tottenham. On the 15th of February, between one and two o'clock, I saw the prisoner running away with the property concealed in his apron; he might be three hundred yards from the prosecutor's house - I went and took him with the shirts; there were two other persons; we took them all, but the other two were discharged; one of them had been watching near the dung-hill, and he struck me on my arm.
Cross-examined by MR. HEATON. Q. Did you tell the same story before the Grand Jury as you have here? A. Yes; they threw out the bill against Dison and Humphries - I am gardener to Mr. James Roe.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Prisoner's Defence. The things were laying in the road, and I took them up and put them in my apron.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
