



682. 




WILLIAM SMITH
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
25th of January, at 
St. Pancras, 9 spoons, value 6l. 10s.; 12 forks, value 6l. 18s.; 1 ladle, value 7s.; and 2 knives, value 8s.; the goods of 



James Moore, clerk, in his dwelling-house.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






ROBERT GOLLINOS
. I am butler to the Rev. Dr. James Moore, who lives in Upper Gower-street, in the parish of St. Pancras. I know the prisoner, and permitted him, on one or two occasions, to come to the house, when we had things to clean up, believing him to be honest—he was there on the 25th of January—the plate in use was kept in a box, with green baize to it, in the pantry—the prisoner had access to the pantry, and had an opportunity of seeing it there—on Saturday morning, the 26th of January, I was reading in the newspaper of the loss of Mr. Platt's plate, in Russellsquare—I went up to my master, and pointed it out to him; and, in consequence of his directions, I went down to the pantry to bring up the spare plate, and found it was gone—I suspected the prisoner, and gave information to the police—the plate is worth from 15l. to 20l.—I had seen it safe in the pantry about a week before—I had no occasion to refer to it in the mean time.





WILLIAM GRIFFIN
 (police-constable T 31.) On Sunday evening, the 27th of January, I was on duty in Old Brentford, and saw the prisoner—I had just received information of Dr. Moore's robbery—I stepped up to him, and spoke about the distance he had come—we walked on, and when we got opposite the station-house, I said, "You must go over the way with me, I think you are wanted"—he said, "It can't be me, I am quite a stranger"—I said it was him—I got him into the middle of the road—he gave me a shove, and started away, saying, "I am not to be taken in this

way"—I ran after him about fifty yards, and had a sharp struggle for three or four minutes—I at last took him to the station-house, where he was questioned as to where he lived—he denied all knowledge of Dr. Moore's family, or his servants, or the neighbourhood—he was locked up—next morning I came to town, and took down the butler—I said to the prisoner, "Now, here is a person you have got a knowledge of; I have been to town, and brought Dr. Moore's butler"—he said, "Well, Robert cannot say I stole the plate, for he did not see me steal it"—name of tile plate has been found.





JOHN HARRIS
. I am a labourer. On Sunday night, the 27th of January, I was locked up in Brentford cage, for sleeping out in a shed the night before—the prisoner was brought into the cage while I was there—I asked him what he was there for—he said he had done wrong, and that he would hang himself—he asked me if I knew he was a black mail—it was dark in. the cage, and I could not see—he then went up to the door, and tied a handkerchief round his neck, preparing to hang himself—there was light by the door, from a candle outside—I said he must not do it there, and prevented him—he then told me he had taken some plate from Dr. Moore, No. 16, Gower-street, that it consisted of forks and spoons, and he had sold it to a private person for 4l.—I never heard of Dr. Moore or Gower-street before.

Prisoner's Defence. He has taken a false oath—when I was taken to the cage, he asked me what I was in for, and I told him it was on suspicion of what they had taken me up for—I gave him a handkerchief to tie round his neck, as he was in a very bad condition, and said he had had hardly any thing to eat since Thursday—I asked him to go next day to a public-house in Charles-street, Soho, and tell the, servant there to send me some money, as she had 1s. or 2s. of mine, and that is all the conversation I had with him.




GUILTY
. Aged 28.—


Transported for Ten Yean.
