






1571. 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     YEOMANS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SAMUEL 
                     HALFORD
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of September
, 1 handkerchief, value 3s., the goods of 
                     
                        Robert 
                        Jenkins
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOWELL
               



            . I am an officer. I was going along Cheapside


 to Sir 
               
                  Charles 
                  Price
               



            's, between four and five o'clock in the afternoon, on the 18th of September - I saw the two prisoners following a gentleman - Yeomans took the handkerchief out of his pocket, and gave it to Halford - I seized Halford with it, and Yeomans ran off - I told some persons to follow him, which they did, and took him - I went to the Compter with Halford, where the gentleman gave his name as 
               
                  Robert 
                  Jenkins
               



            , of Oakingham, but he has never appeared since - this is the handkerchief - I had seen Yeomans before.
Halford. Q. When you took it, was I standing or stooping? A. In a standing posture.
Yeomans's Defence. I heard a cry of "Stop thief," and ran, and was taken, but I was not near this prisoner - it was a quarter of an hour before I was taken to the Compter.
Halford's Defence. I was returning from seeing my mother, and saw this handkerchief on the ground - I was stooping to take it up, and the officer took me - I do not know whether I had it in my hand, or no - I never saw this prisoner in my life before.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HOWELL
               



            . I saw them in company together - Yeomans took the handkerchief, and handed it to the other- it never touched the ground.
YEOMANS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.
HALFORD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
