





822. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     ROWE
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 16th of March
, 1 silver cup, value 4l. 10s.; 6 dessert knives, value 3l.; 50 table knives, value 2l.; 1 pair of shoes, value 8s.; 1 tea tray, value 2l., and 1 silver wine funnel, value 30s., the goods of Sir


                           Robert 
                           Smirke
                        




                     
                  , his master
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  HORSFORD
               



            . I am a serjeant of the Police. On the 17th of March I saw the prisoner in Stratford-place


, coming out of the area of No 5; he had a bundle with him - he went down Oxford-street, and into Gee's-court; I followed, and asked what he had under his arm - he said it was no business of mine; I said he must go with me - when I got him to the watch-house, I found his bundle contained coals; I then went to Sir 
               
                  Robert 
                  Smirke
               



            's, and found a bunch of keys in some drawers in the butler's pantry, and a small deal box, with twenty duplicates in it - Sir 
               
                  Robert 
                  Smirke
               



            , the footman, and coachman were with me.
Cross-examined by MR. BARRY. Q. What time was this? A. About half-past five o'clock on Saturday, the 17th of March; the pantry was open.


                  HENRY 
                  LIVERMORE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. Cottrell, a pawnbroker, in Oxford-street. I have a silver cup, pawned on the 24th of September, for 20s., in the name of John Rowe, No. 5, Stratford-place, but I was not in the service at that time - I have some plated dessert knives and forks, and twenty-four table and dessert knives, two cervers and forks, pawned with me, by the prisoner, on the 16th of January, in the name of John Rowe, No. 10, Oxford-street; I have a pair of shoes, a tea-tray, and six spoons, pawned by the prisoner on the 14th of February, and six more on the 10th of March - (they have a crest on them) in the name of 
               
                  John 
                  Rowe
               



            , No. 10, Oxford-street, and two dessert-spoons, and a silver wine-funnel, pawned by the prisoner, on the 16th of March, in the same name, with the address, No 10, Davis-street - the officer has the duplicates of them all; he has pawned things for two or three years, and has brought one article to take another out.
Cross-examined. Q. Are you quite sure it was the prisoner. A. Yes, I knew him, and I did not always recollect what address he had given before; he had often redeemed plate, apparel, and other things - I lent 15s. on the two dessert spoons, and 2l. 10s. on the tea spoons; I suppose the cup is worth 4l. or 5l.
SIR 
               
                  ROBERT 
                  SMIRKE
               



            . I live at No. 5. Stratford-place. The prisoner was my butler for eight or nine years; he had no authority to take coals or anything from my premises - these are all my articles, and were under his care- I know the drawer in which the keys were found; the box which the duplicates were in belonged to the prisoner.
Cross-examined. Q. I believe you received a good character of him from a gentleman named Thistlethwait? A. I believe that was the name; I felt great regret at being compelled to prosecute - he had the care of my plate, and I have not the least idea of when these articles were taken; he recived his wages quarterly, and conducted himself well.
Prisoner's Defence. Sir Robert had a good character with me, and I could have had a character from Lord Duncannon, where I lived, but I did not like to trouble him - I should have received twice the money which would have redeemed these things on the 25th of March, and should have redeemed them; they could not have remained there, for they would have been wanted.

COURT to HENRY LIVERMORE. Q. What is the amount on the whole of the duplicates? A. About 8l.
GUILTY. Aged 49.




               Recommended to Mercy by the Jury
            .




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
