





1765. 
               
                  
                     ANN 
                     WILLIAMS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 7th of August
, 7 yards of printed cotton, value 4s., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           John 
                           Mirfin
                        




                     
                   and others
            .
ROBERT FROST. I am in the employ of Mr. 
               
                  John 
                  Mirfin
               



             and his two partners - they are linen-draper
s, and live in Tottenham-court-road


. On the 7th of August, about half-past nine o'clock in the evening, the prisoner came in, and desired to look at some prints; I showed her some dresses, and she desired to look at some off the piece - I brought some down to her, but they would not suit, and she desired to look at others; as I was getting another piece off the shelf I turned my face, and saw her put a dress into her basket, which she had brought in with her; I cut her seven yards off one piece which she had chosen; she then looked at some lining muslin, and while I was getting that I named the circumstance to Mr. Driver, one of the partners, and he desired me to follow her out, which I did, for about twenty yards; I then accused her of having a piece of print, and desired her to let me look in her basket; she gave it to me directly, and I saw the print the goods which she had bought were on the top of it; Mr. Cranch followed me out, and brought her back to the shop - she said she was very sorry for it, but she had taken it; and she said, in going to the station, that she would give me a sovereign if I would let her go; she was taken to the station, and given to the officer; I had seen her repeatedly in the shop buying goods.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Do all the three partners take an active part in the business? A. Yes, and all their names are over the door; there were no other customers in the shop; I am quite sure the prisoner took the print - I served her afterwards, because I heard it was a regular plan to let persons go out of the shop with whatthey had taken; I am sure she took the cotton - there are twenty-eight hands in the shop altogether; I had seen her come in with the basket, here is a mark on this cotton - it is a gown-piece - she did not say it must have got in by mistake; I gave the basket to Cranch.


                  RICHARD 
                  CRANCH
               



            . I am in the service of the prosecutors. I took this basket from the witness, and produce it in the same state; Frost had it given to him at the officehe sealed it, and left it there; I have just broken the seal.


                  ROBERT 
                  FROST
               



            . I sealed it up at the office, and left it there; I then took it again - this is it.
Prisoner's Defence. I am confident there were twenty females in the shop, and it was but half-past eight o'clock.
ROBERT FROST. There was not a single customer in the shop; there were some young women who serve there; it was half-past nine o'clock; only myself saw her take it-it is a long shop.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 34. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
