








Before Mr. Justice Gaselee.
1256. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS 
                     LEE
                  




               
            , 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     LEE
                  



               
            , 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     TAYLOR
                  



               
            , and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     TAYLOR
                  



               
            , were indicted for 


               breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        
                           Martha 
                           Read
                        




                     
                  , on the 30th of April
, and stealing 7 unfinished brushes, value 28s., and 3 baskets, value 4s.
            , her property.


                  MARTHA 
                  READ
               



            . I am a widow
. On the 12th of May I lodged in College-street, Chelsea


; the landlord did not live in the house at the time of the robbery, but he did when I first went there - I had only had the shop and parlour, and slept in the parlour; there are two doors in the house; the other lodgers came in and out at the passage door - I had a separate door from my shop into the street, and a door from the shop into the parlour - I carried on the brush-making business
. On Saturday, the 30th of April, I went out about ten minutes past nine o'clock, leaving nobody in the house; I locked the shop door, and took the key in my pocket - I came home at half-past ten o'clock, and found the door open; I got my next door neighbour to go in with me; I missed some brushes, but could not tell how many, and three baskets - I looked at the passage door, and found that open; that door had been tied with a cord, as there was no lock to it - I used to go out at that door into the passage, for water, and only fastened it with a cord when I went out; the lodgers entered the house through another passage door, which they had a key of; I told a Policeman of my loss, and showed him some brushes which were left - the lodgers were out at the time.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q. Was not the key left in the passage door? A. The lodgers took it out with them - they left it in the door when at home; I was in the habit of using the passage door as well as the shop - they had no exclusive right to the passage.
COURT. Q.When you agreed with the landlord for the shop and parlour, did you keep any right to go through the passage door? A. I had a right to go into the passage for water: I could open the street door of the passage if any body knocked - I had no key of that door; the lodgers used to leave the key in it.


                  MARY 
                  ANN EWERS
               



            . I live in New-street, Kensington. On the 7th of May, at half-past five o'clock in the morning, my husband and I went out to market; I returned about eight - the prisoners Lee lodged in the house: I found my house robbed - I gave an alarm, and about half an hour after I got home I met Mary Taylor coming down stairs, out of Lee's apartment, with a handkerchief in her hand - I said, "What have you here? let me see - it is some of my property, I have no doubt;" she then gave methe handkerchief, and ran away; I found in it two brushes and some cigars - I gave them to the Police; they were not mine.
Cross-examined by MR. CLARKSON. Q.Taylor did not live in your house? A. No, she lived in Charlotte-street - she frequently came to Lee's; she gave me the bundle, and said it was a dirty handkerchief.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did Lee live over you? A. She lived in the second floor front room - Taylor would pass my door to go up; my door was locked- there were other lodgers up stairs - Taylor said she had been to see the Lees, who lived together as man and wife.


                  ADAM 
                  McDONNELL
               



            . I am an inspector of the Police stationed at Wandsworth. On the 7th of May the prisoners were taken into custody by Page - I saw them all at Ewer's house, and took them to Queen-square, on suspicion of Ewers' robbery: they were remanded - I then returned, and searched Lee's apartment in Ewer's house, and found in this basket five unfinished brushes, some tobacco, and a quantity of duplicates in a snuff-box - they were by the side of the bed on the floor in their room -I found another basket there, which I left at the time, as it was empty - here it is - it was brought to me by the serjeant in the course of the next week; I know it to be the same.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Did not Lee tell you the brushes had been left there by George Potter, a friend of his? A. He did not - he said he had purchased them: he mentioned some name - I do not swear it was not Potter; I think this conversation was at Queensquare - it was in the course of that morning.
COURT. Q.Had you seen the brushes before you went to Queen-square? A. Not these, but I had seen two more, which were taken from there previously.
MRS. EWERS. I saw McDonnell find these things in Lee's bed-room.


                  STEPHEN 
                  PAGE
               



            . I am a Policeman. I went to Mrs. Ewers' on the 7th of May, as her place had been broken open - she gave me some cigars and two brushes; I took Lee, his wife, and Mrs. Taylor, at Ewers' house that day, and found 
               
                  William 
                  Taylor
               



             at his own lodging that day, it is one or two hundred yards from Ewers'; I have the two brushes here - I went with the prisoners and McDonnell to Queen-square; I do not recollect hearing any conversation.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Which of them had you in custody? A. They were all in my charge; I walked very close to them - McDonnell walked alongside of us.


                  ADAM 
                  McDONNELL
               



            . Mrs. Read lives about a mile from Ewers'; I asked the constable if he had searched Lee's room minutely - he said he had; I went there in the morning, and found the five brushes in this basket.
MRS. EWER. I saw this small basket hanging in their room in the morning, when looking for my property - I did not observe the one by the side of the bed.(Property produced and sworn to.)
T. LEE - 


               GUILTY of stealing only
            . Aged 50.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
S. LEE - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
W. TAYLOR - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
M. TAYLOR - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
