






1334. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     NEWTON
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     LEVESQUE
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 28th of August
, 69 handkerchiefs, value 1l. 17s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     William 
                     Loftus
                  




               
            .


                  BASIL 
                  MACKIE
               



            . I am shopman to Mr. William Loftus, he lives at No. 7, Orange-row, Islington


. On the 28th of August, about eleven o'clock, I observed a boy going out of the shop; I went out and saw the prisoners in the street - I was going after them to know what they wanted, when Levesque threw down these handkerchiefs out of his apron; they were all loose; he then ran off - I caught hold of Newton, who was with him; I gave him to Collins; he did not say anything - we took him and the handkerchiefs back into the shop - they had been at the further end of the counter, quite away from the door, on a brass rail; there are sixty-nine of them.


                  JOHN 
                  COLLINS
               



            . I am a bricklayer. I saw the prisoners run from the door-post of the prosecutor's shop - I did not see them in the shop - I did not see anything in their hands - I saw Mackie running out of the shop; I turned and saw the two prisoners ten or twelve yards behind me - Levesque dropped the handkerchiefs, and I took them up.
JURY. Q. Did you see them come from the shop? A. Yes, from the door; they were both together, and were walking; Newton was caught before he ran, and Levesque directly.
Newton put in a written defence, stating that he was merely looking in at the prosecutor's window, and that his fellow-prisoner was unknown to him.
Levesque's Defence. I was walking along and a man called me to earn a few half-pence; he told me to stopwhile he got a parcel, and he went and got these for me to carry.
Newton received a good character.
NEWTON - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Confined One Year
            .
LEVESQUE - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 13.





               Transported for Seven Years
            .
