



25. 




JOHN HIND GOULD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
16th of November, 7 table covers, value 3l.; 9 yards of Flannel, value 18s.; 5 yards of ticking, value 7s.; 12 yards of printed cotton, value 9s.; and 1/2 a yard of canvass, value 4d.; the goods of 




Maurice van Evans.


MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





MAURICE EVAN EVANS
. I am an upholsterer, and have a carpet ware-house at Holborn-bars. The prisoner was in my employ occasionally as a stuffer. On the 14th of November, Dixon my foreman, went up to fill a bed, and found a table-cover in a corner—on the 16th the prisoner was taken into custody, by my direction, and there were four table-covers, and a piece of canvas found on his person—they were mine—I think two were about his body—he had a band round his stomach on purpose to hold them—I have lost a great many table-covers, and other things.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Have you any partners in your business? A. No—I do not know that the prisoner had any illness—I believe he is married.





CHARLES DIXON
. I am foreman to the prosecutor. On the 14th of his mouth. I found the table-cover in the stuffing-room—I called my master, and marked it—on the following Monday the prisoner was taken, as he was going out to dinner—he was called back—within ten minutes there were two table-covers taken from round his breast, and three from other parts of his body—one of them was the one I marked; and this canvas.





THOMAS FENN
 (City police-constable No. No. 6.) I took the prisoner—I found two table-covers round his waist, one in his pocket, and one in his hat with the canvas—I went to his lodging, and found thirty-three duplicates—fourteen related to property of this description—the others the prisoner owned.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you find he had a wife and family? A. He has a wife, and one child.





JOHN ANDREW SIMPSON
. I am an assistant to Mr. Sowerby. I have a great number of articles pawned at different times by the prisoner's wife—she has passed as his wife, and used our shop for three years.

COURT. Q. Did you suppose she was a shopkeeper in London? A. No: these are new articles, they were all pledged within the last four months—she admitted to me, some months ago, that they had been in business in the upholstery line.


Cross-examined. Q. Did you know where she lived? A. The address on his duplicate is No. 8, Earl-street—on another, the same name, No. 10, Queen-street—I thought you meant where they lived when in business—on another, is No. 11, Stando-street—on another, No.7, White lion-street—I did not know where she lived at the time—I did not make inquires.





MAURICE EVAN EVANS
. I have the same sort of goods as these at home, and the flannel I can swear is my property.

Prisoner's Defence. On the Saturday I left, I was very unwell, and did not go back to take ten shillings which was due to me—there was no table-cover in the room then—I went out to get half a pint of beer, and on going up stairs again, I saw the table-cover there; in consequence of my being called on for payment of some money, I was distressed, and thought I might take that, and two or three others to make it up, intending to return them on Saturday night—as to the things the pawnbroker has brought, I pledged the whole of them to pay my way—the whole of the stock is mine, Mr. Evans cannot swear to them—I have here five duplicates, which have run out, and I burnt about fifty—I have a bill of a man at Witney, and I bought flannel in Parliament-street, and at other places—Mr. Evans cannot swear to such things as these.

MR. EVANS. This piece of print I have taken in stock five different times—the mark has been taken off the other property.





CHARLES DIXON
. I marked the cover which I found in the room—this is it—It was found on the prisoner.
(William Winshiffel, an upholsterer; William Morris, a broker; and William Perry, an upholsterer, gave the prisoner a good character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 42.—Recommended to mercy by the jury.


Transported for Seven Years.
