




56. 




GEORGE JONES
 and 



DANIEL MILLER
 were indicted for

 feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




Thomas Bird, on the 
14th, of November, at 

St. Leonard, Shoreditch, and stealing therein, 1 coat, value 2l. 10s.; 1 waistcoat, value 10s.; 1 shirt-front, value 1s.; and 1 neckerchief, value 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas Bird; and 1 shift, value 9d.; 1 towel, value 6d.; 1 sheet, value 2s. 6d.; and 1 gown-body, value 4d.; the goods of 



Catherine Sibley; and that Jones had been before convicted of felony.






MARY ANN BIRD
. I am the wife of Thomas Bird, a printer, and live in East-street, Hoxton Old-town, in the parish of St. Leonard, Shoreditch. On Tuesday evening, the 14th of this month, between 4 and 6 o'clock, I received information and went into my front parlour on the ground floor—the window and blinds were open—I had been in the room about four o'clock, and they were not open then—I looked about the room and missed a coat almost new, a waistcoat, a shirt-front, a shirt, a handkerchief, a towel, and a gown-body—the coat, waistcoat, shirt-front, and handkerchief belong to my husband, and the rest to our lodger, Catherine Sibley.





ANN MINCHELL
. I am thirteen years old, and live with my father, near Mrs. Bird. I have a brother named John Minchell—I know the prisoner Miller—on Tuesday, the 14th of November, about seven o'clock in, the evening, somebody called my brother out—he was up stairs at the; time—I looked out at the window and saw the two prisoners standing by the side of the door—Jones had a large dark coat on, Miller had a bundle in his hand—my brother went down to them into the street, and they went away all three together—in about an hour my brother came back again, and brought a white bundle containing a shift, a white handkerchief, and a gown body—he took them away next night.


Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Was be in the habit of bringing home bundles of things? A. Never in his life—I never pawned things I which he brought home—my brother was in trouble once, about three years ago—I had no acquaintance with the prisoners—I have seen them before the street.





ROBERT LINWOOD
. I am a pawnbroker, and like in St. John-street, Clerkenwell. Between seven and eight o'clock on the 14th of November, I took a coat in pawn from George Jones—he said his brother Richard had sent him to get 10s. on it, which he wanted for a few days, and I gave him 10s.





JOHN WILLIAM MINCHELL
. I know the prisoners. On Tuesday, the 14th of November, about seven o'clock at night, they came and called me out of my father's house—I was just undressed—I went out and saw the prisoners, and went straight up Old-street with them—Jones had a cost on—I do not know whether it was a new one, as it was dark—Miller had a white bundle—I went with them to John-street—Jones there pulled off the coat, and went into a pawnbroker's, and said when he came out that he had pawned it for 10s—he came out without it—when we got on further Jones gave me a waistcoat to pawn, and I pawned it for 18d. in Turnmill-street—I gave Jones the money and the duplicate, which he tore up—the prisoners halved the 10s. and 18d.—they did not give me any thing that day—Miller gave me the bundle to hold while they counted the money—a man came by and said, "Halloo, where did you get all that money from?"—Miller said, "Do you think it is money?"—the man took hold of my collar and shook me—they walked away one way and I another—when the man let me go I dropped the bundle—I picked it up again and ran home with it—I went and called my sister down to let me in, and told her the case—that was about half-past eight o'clock, as near as I can guess-next day, about ten. o'clock, Jones came and called me out and took me to a coffee-shop, where he gave me two half-pints of coffee—we met Miller going on an errand—Jones said to Miller, "I have gives him 1s."meaning me, but he had not—Miller then gave me 1s.—about nine o'clock that evening I gave information to Watts, the policeman—when Jones was going to pawn the coat, they both told me that they were coming by and saw some boys running round a corner up at Hoi ton, near Wilmot's-row, that they saw a window open, and Jones put his hand in and took the bundle out.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you in custody on this charge? A. Yes—I told the policeman this before I was taken up, and I told the sergeant of it afterwards—I was tried here once, about three years ago, but was acquitted—it was all through a girl who swore falsely against me—I gave nearly fifteen years old—Jones did not give me any money when he gave me the coffee—he gave me 6d. in the morning, but not 1s.—I have got my living by work since I was tried.

Q. How came you to give information to this policeman? A. My little sister told my big sister, and she said, "If you do not take them out of the place I will tell your father"—I did not know that any one had been to the policeman before me—I never brought home a bundle before—I kept the money which I received for the waistcoat myself.

COURT. Q. I thought you gave it to Jones? A. Yes, I gave it to him—I kept the money which he gave me next day.





JAMES WATTS
. I am a policeman. I received information on Wednesday evening, the 15th of November, and was called into a shop—Minchell was there, and he was eager to give me information—I cautioned him

that what he said might be given in evidence against him, but he still gave me the information, and in consequence of that I took the two prisoners—Minchell had not been apprehended before that—this waistcoat was given I to me by a pawnbroker in Turnmill-street.

Cross-examined. Q. Whose shop were you called into? A. Coleman's, a cheesemonger, in Ironmonger-row—he said, "Here is a boy has got some stolen property, and I wish you to take cognisance of it," and this property was in his possession.

MRS. BIRD
re-examined. This is my husband's coat.

Jones Minchell stole a coat a little while ago, and pawned it for half a crown.





JAMES WATTS
. I am a policeman. I have a certificate of Jones former conviction, which I got from Mr. Clark's office—(read)—I know him to be the boy.
(Miller received a good character.)

JONES*—


GUILTY
. Aged 15.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.

MILLER—


NOT GUILTY
.

First Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

