





849. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     WATTS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of February
, 1 coat, value 20s.; 1 waistcoat, value 15s.; 1 pair of trousers, value 20s.; 2 shirts, value 6s.; and 9 handkerchiefs, value 16s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Tompkin
               




            .


                  JOHN 
                  TOMPKIN
               



            . I live with Mr. Manfield, a draper, No. 65, Whitechapel-road. I came from the country to look for a situation, and was going about applying to different parties, and met the prisoner about eleven o'clock, in the day time - he was a stranger to me; I met him again between twelve and one o'clock, in Leadenhall-street; I then had this property in my possession - he asked me to treat him with something to drink, which I did at Mr. Jackson's public-house; these clothes were then tied in a silk handkerchief - I was then going to the situation I now have; I left my clothes at the bar, with the landlord - I have not seen them since; the prisoner and I left the house together - and in about twenty minutes he desired me to stop, saying, he was going to call on a friend, and would return in about ten minutes; he left, and I saw him again in about ten minutes - he said he had not seen his friend; we walked on, and stopped at another public-house, and he wished me to stop half an hour there, while he went to his friend - he left, came back, and sat for three quarters of an hour; then we left the house - we parted, and I have not seen my clothes since; he was taken up next day.
Prisoner. Q. Did you never see me except on the morning in question? A. I saw him when I was looking for a situation on the Friday previous.
JAMES JACKSON. I am a licensed victualler. The prosecutor and prisoner were at my house, (the Hercules in Leadenhall-street


,) on Monday, the 18th of February, I was in the bar - they went into the parlour, and called for a pot of half-and-half, and tobacco, and seemed very intimate; they came out of the parlour, and the prisoner said,"Landlord, will you take care of this bundle while we go a little way" - the prosecutor had the bundle in his hand; the prisoner said, "Take care of this bundle, and give it to no one but to us" - in about half an hour the prisoner returned alone; he asked for the bundle - I said, "Where is your friend?" he said he was outside the door, or close by- I immediately gave him the bundle, and he walked outside with it; this was about one o'clock, and about seven o'clock Tompkin came, and asked for his bundle - I told him his companion had been and fetched it; I saw the prisoner at the Mansion-house next day and identified him.


                  JOHN 
                  HAINES
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 29th of February the prosecutor and his master came and took me to the Seven Stars, Whitechapel, where I apprehended the prisoner - he acknowledged that he had taken the articles away, and sold them to a Jew; I found two brushes on him which the prosecutor identified.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 23. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
