





851. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     RICHARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 2nd of March
, 2 live tame rabbits, price 5s.
            , the property of 
               
                  
                     James 
                     Reed
                  




               
            .


                  LOT 
                  FLETCHER
               



            . The prisoner brought these two rabbits to sell at my house in Slater-street, Bethnal-green, on Wednesday evening, about seven or eight o'clock; he said they were his own - I gave 2s. for them; I went to the office next day - two persons came together, but the prisoner had the money.


                  ELLEN 
                  REED
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  James 
                  Reed
               



             - he is at sea
. I bought these two rabbits for my little boy twelve months ago - I lost them early last month; I had fed them about six or half-past six o'clock in the evening, and fastened them in the hutch - I went to fill the kettle, and when I returned I missed them; I am certain there are them, by the marks on them - the prisoner came to my premises and wished my little boy to join with him in a pigeon, the week before I lost the rabbits; I live in Chapman-street, St. George's in the East


.


                  JAMES 
                  MORGAN
               



            . I got these rabbits at Fletcher's; one of my men told me they were there, and I took the son and this witness - they both knew them.
Prisoner's Defence. I left my mother at five o'clock on Wednesday morning, as I meant to turn steady and mind my work; this gentleman came and took me - a boy talking with me ran away, but I did not run.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 18. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
