



52. 




HANNAH LAMBERT
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
30th of October, 2 sleeves, value 3s.; and 1l. yard of woollen-cloth, called Lama cloth, value 27s.; the goods of 



Joseph Feather, her master.






ANN FEATHER
. I am sister to Joseph Feather, a tailor, in Bunhill-row. The prisoner worked for us about five weeks—she did not live in the house—I discharged her on the afternoon of the 30th of October—after she was gone Foster gave me information—I followed her, and saw the prisoner waiting in Chiswell-street—I asked her if she had any thing—she said, "No"—a little girl was with her, who had got the sleeves, and the prisoner had the other property about her—this is the cloth—it is called Lama cloth—it is worth 27s—our foreman came up and took her to the station-house.





MARY ANN FOSTER
. I am single, and work for the prosecutor. The prisoner worked in the same factory—she told me she had been discharged in consequence of a piece of work between her and a little girl—she told me the coat was under the form—I saw her look under the form—she wanted me to be a party concerned in the robbery—I would not—I told another female, and then I told my mistress—I went out with her, and found the prisoner—we went to the bottom of Bunhill-row, and the prisoner said she had got nothing, but afterwards she said she had done it, and was very sorry—when she was at the station-house yard she took the remainder of the coat from her pocket.





ELIZA M'NEIL
. I am fourteen years old. The prisoner met me and asked if I should like to go and learn to work—I went to the prosecutor's house—she gave me a pair of sleeves to carry away—she said it was a collar

and pair of sleeves, and the must sit up all night to work at it—this is what I carried—when I got to the corner of Bunhill-row my mistress came and took the bundle.





JACOB DAVIES
. I am a policeman. I took the prisoner—she said she had done it, and was very sorry for it—after she got to the station-house she produced this from under her gown.

Prisoner's Defence. The coat was given me a fortnight before, which Foster knew—she was discharged, as well as me, and she told of this.




GUILTY
. * Aged 31.—


Transported for Seven Years.
