



127. 




HANNAH UNDERHILL
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
21st of November, 4 rings, value 8l.; 2 brooches, value 3l.; 1 locket, value 10s.; and 1 handkerchief, value 5s.; the goods of 



Charles Noverre, her master.



CHARLES NOVERRE. I live at Kensington, and am a professor. The prisoner came into my service about the 14th of October, and on the 21st of November I missed two brooches, four rings, a locket, and a silk handkerchief—they were taken from a small cedar-wood box, which was locked, and put in a cupboard which was locked—the prisoner was at home when I missed them—I went to the office, and got an officer, who went with me—we examined the boxes belonging to the prisoner and the other servant, but found nothing—the officer found on the prisoner a duplicate, and we went to the pawnbroker's; and while we were gone the prisoner ran away—I owed her 25s. or 26s.—I found this property at the pawnbroker's.





MATTHEW RIORDAN
. I am an officer. On the 21st of November, I received information of this, and on the following day, I saw the prisoner in George-street, Chelsea, talking to her mother—I suspected she was the person, by the description of her dress—I said to her, "Your name is Underhill"—she said, "No, I do not know such a person"—I said, "You are the daughter of Mrs. Isaacs"—she said, "No"—I said, "You must go with me"—she resisted very much; but when she found I was resolute, she said she was the person, she had done the robbery, and she begged for mercy—I found the duplicate of a silk handkerchief in her pocket, with seven keys, and the duplicate of a brooch she had pawned that day.

Prisoner. I did not resist—I said I was the person you wanted—you tore my shawl, and some gentleman said, "Why do you pull her about? she is willing to go"—I did not say I was guilty of the crime.





GEORGE WEBB
. I am a pawnbroker. I have two rings and a locket pawned by the prisoner on the 11th of November.





JOHN WELLS
. I am a pawnbroker. I Have two rings, but they were not pawned by the prisoner; this is the duplicate.





THOMAS FREEMAN
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a brooch pawned, to the best of my belief, by the prisoner.





THOMAS RILEY
. I am a pawnbroker. I have a brooch, pawned by the prisoner.





CHARLES NOVERRE
. These are my property.
(Elizabeth, Ives the wife of a gardener, at Kensington, gave the prisoner a good: character.)




GUILTY
. Aged 26.—


Transported for Fourteen Years.
