




23. 





THOMAS BIGNOLD
, and 




JOHN HALLAN, alias
 Bowman

, were indicted for

 burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 




John Baker, at 
St. Luke, about the hour of twelve in the night of the 
7th of November, with intent to steal, and stealing therein, 1 cash-box, value 5s.; 3 keys, value 3s.; 1 key-ring, value 6d.; 3 memorandum books, value 3s.; 9 sovereigns, 20 shillings, 1 £10 Bank-note, I promissory note, for 20l. 8s., 2 orders for 4l., and 21 bills of exchange for 544l. 13s. 4d.; his goods, monies, and property.


MESSRS. CHAMBERS
and
DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.





BENJAMIN VICKERY
. I am foreman to John Baker, an ironmonger, in

Finsbury-place, in the parish of St. Luke—the prisoner Bignold was in my master's service for about a month, as errand-boy. On Wednesday evening, the 7th of November, he left the premises at eight o'clock, or a few minutes after—I shut up part of the premises, and saw the whole shut up at a quarter past eight o'clock—I left nobody on the business premises, but my master and his family live in the dwelling-house, which is part of the premises—I saw the gate leading to the yard fast.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Do you mean the business is carried on in part of the dwelling-house? A. Yes—it is under the same roof.





HENRY KIDNEY
. I am a policeman. About a quarter past one o'clock, in the morning of the 8th of November, I passed by Mr. Baker's premises, and observed the gates open—I went about half way up the yard, and observed the warehouse door stood open—I came outside the gate, and waited till Thurston came round—we went into the warehouse together, and saw, just against the door, a candle and candlestick—I felt the candle was warm—we went into the shop, and observed the counting-house had nearly the whole of a pane of glass taken out and the counting-house open—the key of the door was inside, and by putting an arm in, they could open the door of the counting-house—there were no marks of violence on the outer gates or the warehouse doors—I went and called Mr. Baker, who examined further with us, and by his desire we went, at a little after two o'clock, to Daggett's-court, Moor-fields, where Bignold's mother lived-Bignold was not at home—I searched the rooms and could not find him—on returning to the prosecutor's the same morning, I went up into a loft, and saw some bags behind the trap-door, which looked as if some person had been lying down on them, from the impression on them.

Cross-examined. Q. Where is the loft? A. Over the warehouse—the bags were flattened down, as if a body or something had been upon them—there were no marks of legs or any thing—I could not tell whether it was a person had been on it—they were empty sacks—I had my lamp.





HENRY THURSTON
 (police-constable G 55.) On Thursday, the 8th of November, I went on duty at nine o'clock—atone o'clock I tried Mr. Baker's gates, and they were all safe—I examined again at a quarter past one o'clock, and they were open—I saw Kidney at the gate—I went with him into the yard and warehouse, and saw what he has described—I found a knife lying close to the counting-house door, with putty on it—it would take out a pane of glass—I went with Kidney and Mr. Baker to Bignold's mother, No. 6, Daggett's-court, Moorfields—we did not find him there—I waited there till six o'clock, and then finding he did not come home, I returned to Mr. Baker's-and about a quarter past seven o'clock he came—I asked him where he had been last night—he said, "To Sadler's—there wells Theatre"—I asked what he saw there—he said he could not tell me any thing about it—I asked where he had been the rest of the night—he said, "Walking about"—I asked if he had been in company with any body else during the night—he said, "No"—Mr. Baker asked him several questions—I took him into custody, and searched him, but found nothing on him but an old pocket-book and 6d.





JOHN BAKER
. I am an ironmonger; my premises are in the parish of St. Luke, Middlesex. I went to bed about half-past ten o'clock, on the 7th of November I—was called up by two officers soon after one o'clock, and found my desk in the counting-house broken open—I had locked it

the night before, and also the outer door leading from the counting-house into the warehouse, leaving the key inside-by the glass being taken out, no doubt they put a hand through, and unfastened it, as the key remained in it—I lost from my desk a tin japanned cash-box, of a peculiar pattern which I sell myself, and never had any other—(produced)—I can swear to it from the pattern as well as something inside—there were nine sovereigns, about 1l. in silver, and a £10 note in it, with various bills of exchange to the amount of about 580l.-various receipts, of no use to any body, three memorandum books, with red covers, and a bunch of keys—the bills of exchange were drawn by myself, and accepted by the parties, but not endorsed—they were available securities to me—I accompanied the policeman to Bignold's mother's house—he had given me his address, No. 6, Daggett's Court, Eldon-street, when he came to me—he came about a quarter past seven o'clock next morning, and was very warm—I asked where he had been to be in such a heat—he said he had been running—I asked where he came from—he said, from a coffee-shop in the Commercial-road—I asked if he had not been home—he said he had not—I asked where he had been the night before—he said, to Sadler's Wells theatre—I asked him two or three times if he went and returned by himself—he said he did-in consequence of something I had previously heard, I asked him who had a pot of beer with him on the Tuesday evening—he said a boy of the name of Hughes—I asked when he saw him last—he said he had not seen him since that Tuesday night—I asked if he had been to the theatre with him—he said he had not—I gave him into custody—Commercial-road is a mile or a mile and a half from my house.

Cross-examined. Q. How much was he behind his time? A. About a quarter of an hour—Commercial-road is in a different road to Sadler's Wells—I understood from the policeman that he had been to a coffee-shop—he said he ran because he was late—I am quite sure I mentioned to him about having been with the boy—I asked him the boy's name, and he said Hughes.

JURY. Q. When did you last see your money? A. About eight o'clock that night—it was safe then.





SUSAN GINGELL
. I live with my father and mother. My father is a lighterman, and my mother makes umbrellas—I went to live with the prisoner Hallan near upon four months ago-previous to that, I lived with my father and mother, and assisted my mother in business-Hallan and I resided in Dock-street, Commercial-road—while there, one Saturday Hallan brought home a person named Hughes, and he was with us about a month—he had been with us about a month on the 7th of November—on the afternoon of that day, Hallan and Hughes told me to get their tea ready, for they were in a hurry to go out—I proceeded to get it, but could not get it in time, as they wanted it by five o'clock, and they took their bread and butter, and went without it—I saw Hughes take a box of lucifers which were on the shelf, and put them into his pocket, and I took them out again, but after they were gone I missed them and a piece of candle-Hallan came home about seven o'clock alone—he said he had been to his mother's, and was then going to his club, and went out—I sat up for him, having some work to do, and at about half-past one o'clock on Thursday morning Hughes and Bignold came in—I had seen Bignold once before, but never to speak to him—they got in as the street door was left ajar for Hallan-they

came in in a very great hurry—I asked Hughes what made them in such a hurry-Bignold could hear what I said—they were both together-Hughes said it was nothing to me, and then he called Bignold into the back-yard—they came into the room again in a very few minutes, and Hughes asked where Hallan was—I said I did not know—they said they would go and find him—they both left, and came in in a quarter of an hour with Hallan—they all three came into the room-Hallan told me to go and get him some beer—I told him I should not go out at that time in the morning for beer for him—he said, I should go, and I went and fetched him a pint of beer, and Bignold went with me to the Kinder Arms—I got the beer, brought it back, and when I came in, I saw Hughes and Hallan kneeling on the mattrass—I saw some gold and silver, and likewise a tin box about the size of the one here—there was a fire in the room, and there appeared a quantity of papers burnt, and there was a book on the fire with a red cover—I asked them how the money and other things came there-Hallan said it was nothing to me—they appeared to me to be sharing the money between them, as they were all three round the money at the mattrass-Hughes put a four-penny piece into my hand and took it out again-each of them took up part of the money-Bignold then gave me 1l. 17s. 6d. to mind for him till Friday night, and he gave me 1s.—I had seen him once before, but had not spoken to him—they stopped there till about half-past five o'clock-Hughes and Bignold then went out, and I did not see the box after-Hughes came back about a quarter past seven o'clock, and had breakfast with Hallan and me—about eight o'clock Hallan asked me if I had seen any thing of a piece of paper—I asked what sort of paper—he said, "Never mind that," and Hughes showed me a little while after a note-as he held it I could not see what it was, and asked him—he said, "If you must know, it is a 10l. note," and when he opened it I could see it was a £10 note-Hallan was present then-Hughes went out and came in, saying he had been to get it changed—he brought back some gold and silver—he gave Hallan some of it, and they gave me 1s. a piece—this was on Thursday—I heard no more of it till Friday night, when Hughes came to my place—I was by myself then.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you live with any body before you lived with Hallan? A. No, I lived with my father and mother before him, nobody else—I did not call him husband—I do not know any thing about Dock-street—I do not think the people are much good that live in it—I cannot tell how many people lived in the same house with us—I am seventeen years old next April-Hallan told me he was twenty in March—I do not know what club he belonged to—he would not tell me—he treated me as his wife, and supported me—I did not support myself at all—I lived on what he gave me—that was all.

Q. Why did you say you should not go and fetch a pint of beer for him? A. I did not think it a proper time to go out for beer—I was not in the habit of being out late at night—I know Mrs. Griffiths and Mrs. Farrell—I lodged in the same house with them, but not in Dock-street—it was in James-street where I lived with Hallan before we went to Dock-street—we had not been in Dock-street a week—I know it was Wednesday afternoon, the 7th of November, that he told me to get his tea—when I saw these things about I thought it was time for me to take the day of the month down—I put down the 7th—I knew what the month was—I cannot write, but I can make a figure—I first mentioned about this on the Saturday morning after

the 7th of November, to a young woman named Scaife, an umbrella-maker—she is not here—on the Monday two officers came to me in Dock-street—Cox was one of them—I am quite sure Hallan was the first person I went to live with—I worked with my father and mother up to that time—I lived in no other house but theirs till I went to live with Hallan.

Q. How came you to go to live with him? A. I was in a room at a raffle with Scaife on Monday night-Hallan said he wanted somebody to be with him, and he took me to where he lodged on Wednesday morning, and I went—I do not know the name of the street—I never noticed it—I remained with him till he was taken into custody.

MR. DOANE. Q. Was Hughes living with you and Hallan before you went to Dock-street? A. Yes, in the same room.

COURT. Q. Had you any quarrel with Hallan? A. No—I only thought it not a proper time to go out for beer—my first acquaintance with Hallan was at the raffle on the Monday—I saw him again on Tuesday morning—he asked me to go and live with him at his landlady's, Mrs. Wilson, and I stopped at his landlady's on the Wednesday.

Hallan. The raffle was on Monday night—she was out with me then—I got a lodging on Wednesday, and she lived with me ever since—she was frequently out till between one and two o'clock in the morning—I did not like it, and we had a bit of a quarrel—I have heard since I have been in Newgate that she said she never liked me, and that she would do for me whenever she could get me out of the way. Witness. I never said any such thing—I did not give information about this till I was taken to Worship-street—I was seat to Clerkenwell for two days before I gave evidence.

JURY. Q. Did you and the two men sleep in the same bed? A. No—I and Hallan laid on a mattrass, and Hughes slept on the floor in his clothes every night—he never had any bed or blanket—I believe Hughes is about seventeen years old, from what I have heard him say—I was not present when the note was changed, but Hughes said, in Hallan's presence, he had been to Horsley's—I stated so at Worship-street.

Hallan. Hughes was a poor boy out of place, and he used to sit up in my room—I gave him a share of what I earned by going round selling things.





GEORGE BURROWS
. I keep a coffee-shop in George-terrace, Commercial-road. I saw Bignold at my house on Thursday morning, the 8th of November, about twenty minutes to seven o'clock, company with Hughes—they both had breakfast there, which Hughes paid for—they stopped about ten minutes—it was about ten minutes to seven o'clock when they went.

Cross-examined. Q. How far is that from Sun-street, Bishopsgate? A. About two miles-a person must run to get there by a quarter after seven o'clock—I had not seen them together before, to my knowledge.





BENJAMIN WILLIAM DOWDKSWELL
. I am eight years old, and live with my mother, in Waterloo-terrace, Commercial-road East One Saturday afternoon, about four o'clock, about a fortnight ago, I was playing by my mother's house, and found a tin box near some palings which divide a field from the road opposite my mother's house—it was the box produced, to the best of my knowledge—it was shut when I found it—I took it home to my mother, to look at, and gave it to my aunt, as my mother was not at home—my aunt is not here.





WILLIAM PEARCE
. I live at Pimlico. I was committed to Clerkenwell

prison this month, on suspicion of stealing a whip—I was tried and acquitted—while I was in prison Bignold was brought in—it was the 7th or 8th of this month, I believe, but I will not be certain of the day—he was confined in the same yard with me—after he had been there a day or two he asked what I was there for—I told him about a whip, and asked what he was there for—he told me he was not there for a trifling thing, but for a 600l. job—I believe that was the word he said—I asked him where he stole it from—he told me he was the person that took his master's cashbox from the counting-house—he said he was in the employ of Mr. Baker, an ironmonger, near Finsbury-square; that on the night the robbery was committed he concealed a boy in his master's house, with the intention of letting him (Bignold) in when he should come—he said he let the boy in in the dusk of the evening, before it was dark—I asked him if he took the box himself—he said, "Yes," he broke the desk, and took the box himself—he said there were three concerned in the robbery, and one was outside, to lull the attention of the police who might go by while they were both in—he said what was in the box amounted to about 600l., bills, and gold, and silver—he said he came to work near his time next morning, that his master should not have any suspicion of him—that he was questioned about where he had been, and said he had been to Sadler's-wells Theatre, but he had not been there—this conversation took place in the kitchen adjoining the yard where the prisoners are—it was not all at one time—it was talked of two days, I believe, on the 10th and 11th of November.

COURT. Q. Had you been told to put any questions to him? A. No, but as he asked what I was there for, I asked about him; and as I named it to a respectable tradesman near Finsbury-square, he thought it my bounden duty to name it to Mr. Baker.

Cross-examined. Q. Pray what are you? A. I have been a gentleman's servant—I am now living at home with my wife—I have a house at Pimlico—I was examined at Queen-square about the whip—I was with the party who had it, and they told the Magistrate they had not the least doubt I took it with the intention of stealing it—he did not say afterwards that he did not believe I intended to steal it—he said so when I was tried—that was not the reason I was acquitted—I do not know whether there was a flaw in' the indictment—I think the prisoner came in on the Wednesday or Thursday, but I am not certain—the conversation did not take place in the prisoners' yard—it was in the kitchen on both occasions, and I think it was spoken of in the bed-room where we both slept—I suppose there were twenty persons in the kitchen at the time he told me this—I was discharged on the 13th, I believe either Tuesday or Wednesday—I think I was examined about this on the 20th—I think it was the day after I was discharged—it was not a week after—I do not think any of the other persons could have heard this conversation, because he spoke very inwardly—I did not make any memorandum of it—there was no occasion—I had it correct in my memory—I had no pen and ink to do it, and I cannot write at all—I made my mark before the Magistrate.

Q. Who did you have the conversation with, between the time of your being discharged and going before the Magistrate about this matter? A. Mr. Dimsdale, the saddler, on the Pavement, Little Moorfields—he does not live many rods from Mr. Baker—I live four miles from there—I went to Mr. Dimsdale about a set of harness, having known him many years, and named it to him.


MR. CHAMBERS. Q. How soon after you came out of prison was that? A. The next day—it was through him I went to Mr. Baker, and after making the statement to him, I went to Worship-street—there was never any charge made against me, except about the whip—I have been in the service of Captain Vandeleur—I left the late King to go there—I was there as livery-helper two years—Captain Vandeleur then went to Ireland, and I lived with other noblemen.





ANN BOWMAN
. I am the wife of Allen Bowman, of Charles-street, Globe-fields. Hallan is my husband's son by a former wife—his name is Bowman—he sells fish in the street, and so does my husband-last Thursday fortnight, between eleven and twelve o'clock in the day, he came to me to help me to move, and he gave me seven sovereigns to take care of—he had 1l. back the next day—I returned the six to the officer on the Tuesday following, when I and my husband were taken into custody—the prisoner had been in the habit of giving me money to take care of—about twelve months before he gave me some—I really cannot say how much—it was 3l. or 4l. I know—he has laid out as much as 5l. or 6l. in goods which he has bought, and he could get a good living—I believed it to be his own money, when I received it.





MATTHEW PEAKE
. I am a policeman. I produce the cash-box which I got from a person named Horsfall, a pilot—he is not here—I got six sovereigns in a tobacco-box from Mrs. Bowman—I have also a £10 note, which I got from the Bank of England.





WILLIAM WYNNE WILSON
. I am clerk to Spooner and Co., bankers. I paid this £10 note, No. 98, 701, to Mr. Baker, on the 7th of November.





JOHN COX
. I am a policeman. On the 12th of November I went to No. 24, Dock-court, Commercial-road, and-found the prisoner Hallan sitting by the fire-side, with Sarah Gingell—I took them both into custody—I found 9s. 6d. on Hallan-Gingell did not make any communication to me—I heard of her information from Peace—I do not know Pearce at all.

Cross-examined. Q. How long was Gingell in custody? A. About two days—she gave evidence then.

MR. BAKER
re-examined. Pearce came to me, and made a statement, in consequence of which I went to Worship-street with him, after going to Mr. Dimsdale, the saddler—I do not remember the day his deposition was taken—this is my cash-box—I know it by this mark—one day I thought it was locked, and took hold of the handle—it came open, and the inside part fell to the ground and broke, and here is where I had it mended—I believe the Commercial-road is about two miles from my premises.





MATTHEW PEAKE

re-examined. The boy Doudeswell showed me where he found the cash-box—it was just half a mile from Dock-street, and about half a mile from the coffee-shop—it was not in a direction between the coffee-shop and Mr. Baker's—it was further down the road, below the coffee-shop, and out of the way, both of Mr. Baker's and Dock-street.





BENJAMIN VICKERY

re-examined. I did not go into the loft, when I looked over the premises the night before—we never examined the premises so minutely, particularly the loft, as there was gunpowder, there—I afterwards saw the sacks in the loft—there appeared as if somebody had been sitting on them.

Q. Could any body be let in before dusk, without observation? A. At one time of the day, about five o'clock, the parties on the premises go to

tea, and from that, to half-past five o'clock, it could be done, as there is nobody on the premises but myself.

Hallan's Defence. The money I gave my mother I worked for for six months—I deal in raspberries, and haut boys, and fish in the season—I go down into the country, for a week or a month together, with articles to sell, and I saved that money up to go into the country this winter—I had a few shillings paid me on the Monday.
(Elizabeth Edwards, the wife of a Custom-house officer, Morgan-street, Commercial-road, gave Hallan a good character.)

BIGNOLD—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.

HALLAN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.




Transported for Ten Years.

