



2354. 




SAMUEL THORPE
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
13th of October, 1 bag, value 3d.; and 141lbs. weight of sugar, value 3l. 13s.; the goods of 



Joseph Raw and another.—2nd COUNT, stating them to be the goods of 



Anthony Scott.


MR. JERNINGHAM
conducted the Prosecution.






WILLIAM GOODMAN
. I am foreman to Anthony Scott and Sons, Carmen—I reside in Lower Berners-street, Commercial-road. On Friday, the 13th of October, I received warrants for fifty bags of sugar, to be conveyed from the West India Docks to Messrs. Raw and Sons, Eastcheap—I was at the Docks, and saw them loaded into one of our carts—the bags were safe in the cart when I left them, at the end of the Commercial-road, and well secured with a tarpaulin—I delivered them into the custody of James Blake, and left them all safe.

Cross-examined by
MR. PRICE. Q. Did a lad drive them? A. Yes, George Winkworth—he took the cart from the West India Docks under of directions—I then gave it in charge of Blake—it was safe when I left it, to the best of my knowledge.





JAMES BLAKE
. I live in Thomas-street, Whitechapels and am a carman in the employ of Messrs. Scott. I received from Mr. Goodman the cart, containing a great number of bags of sugar, to take to Messrs. Raw, of Eastcheap—when I got there I found forty-nine bags instead of fifty.

Cross-examined. Q. You know there were forty-nine? A. Yes—I did, not leave my cart at all—there was nothing taken while I was there, nor yet lost—I took the cart of a boy—Mr. Goodman called me, and gave it into my charge—I took it from the corner of King-street, Commercial-road—it appeared to have been standing there some time.

COURT
to
WILLIAM GOODMAN. Q. Had you been with it all the time till it got there? A. Yes—it then stood still—I left it in coming from the West India Docks to King-street; I went before it, to give an order to another man who was in front, before it got to King-street.





WILLIAM SMALL
. I reside in Broad-wall, and am a porter in the employ of Mr. Joseph Raw and Son, No. 6, Eastcheap. Blake brought a load of sugar to my employers—there were forty-nine bags—there were two lots, the 30 lot ran from No. 211 to 240—No. 228 was missing—the other lot was right.





GEORGE JOHNSTONE
 (police-constable H 134.) I was on duty on the 13th of October, at half-past five o'clock in the evening—I observed a cab in Red Lion-street—I saw the prisoner put a bag into the cab seemingly very heavy—he then got into the cab, which came towards me—the prisoner hung his head down—it drove into the Commercial-road—I followed, and overtook it in Greenfield-street—I asked the caiman what was in the bag—he said he did not know—I asked the prisoner—he said sugar, which he had brought from Mr. Hancock, in Cannon-street, and was going to Mr. Smith, the grocer's—I followed him to Smith's door—he went and spoke to

a young man behind the counter—the prisoner came and took the bag out of the cab—Mr. Smith came from a flight of stairs, and said to the prisoner "I don't want to see you in my shop, go along"—the prisoner said, "I have brought a bag of sugar for you"—Mr. Smith said, "No, no, I cannot know any thing about it"—I said to him, "Don't you know any thing about this?"—he said, "No"—I said to the cabman, "Take it into the cab"—Mr. Smith said there was another Mr. Smith in King-street—we went there, and the man knew nothing of it—I got into the cab, and took it to the station-house, with the prisoner.

Cross-examined, Q. Have you told us every thing? A. Yes, except what passed at the station-house—the cabman was there—there was a man stood by the post, near the cab—I did not see him and the prisoner together—he stood there after the cab went off—I was asked by the Magistrate whether I saw any one help him into the cab—T said, "No, there was a man by the post"—the prisoner told me he was directed to give it to I person of the name of Smith—he did not know the number of the house—he went to the first Mr. Smith he pointed out, and said, "I am going to take it to Mr. Smith, the grocer's, "and said he had brought it from Mr. Hancock, of Cannon-street, in the City—I asked him if he knew Mr. Hancock—he said he did not, and Mr. Hancock did not know him—he aid that he had received it from him, and that he had not seen him at all—he said, "I met this Mr. Hancock at the corner of Cannon-street"—then said I, "You have not brought it from his house?"—"No," said he, "I brought it from Mr. Hancock; I met him at the corner of Cannon-street and he told me to take it to Mr. Smith's, and if I wanted a cab I could have one"—then said I, "You don't know Mr. Hancock"—"No," said he—I ran after the cab—I did not see what became of the person by the post—it did not appear that he had any thing to do with the matter—the prisoner said that he had helped him into the cab with it.

MR. JERNINGHAM. Q. He at first said he got it from Mr. Hancock, and then in going down he said it was from a man at the corner of Cannon-street? A. Yes.





THOMAS THORP
. I live in Wenlock-road, City-road, and am a cab driver. On Friday, the 13th of October, I was in Whitechapel—the prisoner got into my cab—he had nothing with him—he ordered me to drive to Red Lion-street to take up—I went there—he jumped out and a man was standing by the wall with the bag, and that man helped him with the bag into the cab—the prisoner told me to drive on down Alie-street and into the Commercial-road, and when we came to the bar he said, "Have you got any halfpence?"—I said, "No"—he said, "Find six-pence and pay him, and I will pay you again"—I did so, and as I was going on to Mr. Smith's, the grocer, the policeman came up.

Cross-examined. Q. Do you swear that the other man helped the bag into the cab? A. Yes—I did not sec what became of him.





THOMAS KEENE
. I am delivery foreman at the West India West India Docks On the 13th of October I delivered thirty bags of sugar to Scott's cart—there was one 228, with the Dock mark, and the plantation mark—this is it—it is No. 29, 228—the plantation mark was made in the Mauritius.

COURT
to
WILLIAM GOODMAN. Q. What time did you leave the cart. A. About a quarter before five o'clock—the lad was not capable of driving through the City, which was the reason I called the other men—we kept

the boy ten days after—it is a custom to have our boy there by six o'clock in the morning—he was late, and therefore we discharged him.




GUILTY. Aged 19. —Recommended to mercy.



Transported for Seven Years.
