





Before Mr. Justice Park.
1493. 
               
                  
                     THOMAS JAMES 
                     RICHARDS
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 21st of May
, at St. Marylebone, 1 watch, value 20l.; 1 watch-chain, value 7l., and 1 watch-hook, value 2l., the goods of 
                     
                        
                           Susan 
                           Ebrington
                        




                     
                  , in the dwelling-house of 
                     
                        Susan 
                        Ebrington
                     



                  , and 
                     
                        Maria 
                        Crook
                     



.


                  MARIA 
                  CROOK
               



            . I am single, Mrs. Susan Ebrington is my sister. At the time of the robbery I lived at No. 29, Upper Seymour-street, in the parish of Marylebone


; my sister and myself were the joint housekeeper
s; she is a window - we now live at No. 59, Upper Berkeley-street; we moved there at Midsummer - on the 21st of May, the prisoner came to our house; I spoke to him for ten minutes in the drawing-room - I never saw him before; he came about twelve o'clock, and brought a card to view the house, from our agent - the servant shewed him the parlours and kitchen, and ther into the drawing-room (there was a bill up to let the house) - I came down from my bed-room into the drawing-room to him; the servant had left him sitting there; I found him alone in the drawing-room; he was coming out of the room, and was on the first stair going down - I did not speak to him then, for the servant-maid came at that time, and said he could see the bed-rooms; and he went up-stairs with her - I waited at the drawing-room door till he came back, just within the room, and I desired him to walk into the drawing-room for a few minutes, as I wished to ask him some questions - I asked him if he thought he should take the house; and if he took it, would he take the fixtures - he said, most likely he should take part of them - he said Mrs. Phillips was in the neighbourhood, and he would go and fetch her directly - he went away in a great hurry, and never came back; he went down stairs so fast, the servant could hardly open the door soon enough. My sister was up-stairs; she came down in about ten minutes, and went to the work-table drawer, where the watch had been - he had sat so near the work-table, that he could put his hand into the drawer - directly she came down, she went to see what was o'clock, and the watch was gone - I had seen it in the drawer a quarter of an hour before; it was a gold watch, with a gold chain, a gold watch-hook, and gold key; they were all gone, and were worth about 30l. together - no other stranger had been in the house that day but him - I was speaking to the prisoner for about ten minutes; I am quite certain he is the man; I have seen him twice before - I should know the watch again - he was near enough to the table to hear the watch tick; because I have sat in the same seat, and could always hear it tick in the drawer.
Prisoner. When you called on me, to recognise me at the prison you looked round; there was not more thanthree or four men in the yard, and you could not discover the person. Witness. I immediately pointed the prisoner out to the gaol keeper, and to the sergeant of the police.
Prisoner. A gentleman came with her, and said,"That is the man." Witness. I had no gentleman with me at all; nobody pointed him out; I said, "That was him" - the sergeant was there; he did not point him out - there was a servant with me, but she had never seen him.


                  DANIEL 
                  NEWTON
               



            . I was servant to Mrs. Ebrington and Miss Crook, in May - I remember the person coming to look at the house; he came with a card - I showed him the parlours and the kitchens, and then took him into the drawing-room; he looked round, and the lady sent down word, that he must wait a few minutes before he could come up to see the bed-rooms; I asked him to sit down a few minutes in the drawing-room - I believe the prisoner to be the man, to the best of my knowledge; I have seen him twice before - I let him out afterwards; he was in a hurry to go out - there was no other stranger there until after the watch was missed; it has not been found - he was apprehended about a month ago.
Prisoner. Q. When you were examined at first, was not I pointed out by a policeman? Witness. No; I said, if ever a person there was the man, that was him.
Prisoner's Defence. I deny being at the place at all.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 53. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
