



290. 




THOMAS BROWN
 was indicted

 for feloniously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of 



Thomas Burrows, on the 
9th of December, at 
Feltham, and stealing therein 1 cask, value 3s.; and 9 gallons of elder wine, value 17s.; his property.






THOMAS BURROWS
. I live at Feltham, in the parish of Feltham, in Middlesex, and occupy a house there—I am a labourer, but am not able to do any work now. On Saturday evening, the 9th of December, I locked my house up, and came away—I went down to my son's to get shaved—I returned at a little after nine o'clock, and found the house broken open—I have two doors, both of which I had locked up, and I found both broken open—both the staples were drawn, and one broken—there was plenty of victuals in the house, but I missed nothing but a cask of elder wine out of the room I live in—I have a room to myself—my son lodges with me—I am the housekeeper—there were nine gallons of wine—I saw my cask afterwards at the prisoner's house, about one o'clock on Sunday morning—I have known him from his infancy—he lives thirty or forty yards from my house.

Prisoner. His son, who lodges with him, came and asked me to fetch it from his house.





ROBERT JAMES THORPE
. I am a constable of Feltham. In consequence of information, I went to the prisoner's house last Saturday night, between eleven and twelve o'clock—I saw the prisoner, and asked him if he had a cask of elder wine in his house which did not belong to him—he said, "No"—I searched the house, and seeing the earth fresh under the stairs, as if it had been removed, I had the coals removed, and saw a sack—I had the sack re moved, and then saw the cask, which I produce—I have had the care of it

ever since—it is fall of wine now, as I found it—the prosecutor came while I was there, and claimed it as his property—I took the prisoner into custody.





WILLIAM BURROWS
. I am the prosecutor's son, and live with him. I know the prisoner—he wished me to come here—I was not before the Grand Jury.

Prisoner. Q. Now, William, did you not come to me last Wedneaday evening? A. No, I did not.





ELIZA BURNHAM
. I made the wine, on the 25th of October, and put it into the cask—I know the cask by the bulge at the head of it—I am the prosecutor's daughter, but do not live with him—I made the wine for him.





SAMUEL DODGE
. All I have come for is to say that Burrows's son was in my house at the time the wine was stolen, from seven till ten o'clock, last Saturday evening.





THOMAS BURROWS

re-examined. I can swear to this cask—I have had it for years—I had it for a table before I could afford to buy one—my daughter made the wine for me.

Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutor did not see the wine in my house—he saw it out in the yard, and he has sworn he saw it in my house.





ROBERT JAMES THORPE

re-examined. I believe it was half in and half out when he saw it—I had moved it there——I found it in the prisoner's house.




GUILTY. Aged 29.—Recommended to mercy by the Prosecutor.
—


Transported for Ten Years.

Before Mr. Baron Gurney.

