




266. 




ROBERT ALLEN
 and 




THOMAS MELLOY
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
6th of December, at 

St. Gregory by St. Paul, 1 ring, value 63l., the goods of 



Christopher Walton, in his dwelling-house.






CHRISTOPHER WALTON
. I live at No. 24, Ludgate-street, in the parish of St. Gregory by St. Paul, in the City of London. I know the prisoners by sight—I found them at my shop on Wednesday evening, the 6th of December—my young man told me they had taken a diamond ring, and placed another instead of it, and I gave them in charge.





WILLIAM FISK
. I am in Mr. Walton's service. About five o'clock last Wednesday afternoon, the two prisoners came and asked to look at some diamond rings—I showed them some small ones—they said they wanted to see some larger, which I showed them—on turning my eye I saw there was a tray of brooches there, and I put it into the window—I turned, and then a man came in and asked to look at some tooth-picks—our boy went to speak to him, and I saw Melloy go to the door—Allen was then looking at the rings—the other man went out—Melloy then returned, and persuaded Allen not to have a ring to-night—I had shown him one ring at sixty guineas, and saw a common rose-diamond ring in its place—I said, "It is very strange, there was a sixty guinea ring here, and now I see this beastly thing"—I requested they would wait till Mr. Walton came.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. You saw Melloy at the door? A. Yes—when I put the tray of brooches into the window, the man came in

for the tooth-picks—I left the diamond ring tray before the prisoners while I put that tray into the window—the ring we lost is called a cluster ring—a brilliant cluster—Melloy urged Allen to go, after the tooth-pick man had left, but Allen still continued to look at the rings.

COURT. Q. They bought nothing? A. No.





JOHN BOSHER
. I was in the shop at the time the third person came in to look at the toothpicks—he walked to me and asked me to show them—he left the door open—I went to shut it—I then came round the counter and showed him the toothpicks—I saw Melloy go to the door and open it—I then went to serve my customer—he took up a toothpick and asked tin price—I said, "2s. 3d."—he put it down, said, Wait a bit," and hastily went out, passing Melloy at the door, and then Melloy came back to Allen, and kept urging him to go.





CHARLES GLBSON
. I live at No. 71, Bishopsgate-street Within. I lost a ring on the 5th of December, and found it in Mr. Walton's possession—I had seen the prisoners at my house the day before—they came in and asked to look at some diamond rings—I showed them some—'they bought none, but when they were gone I missed this, which is the one that was left at Mr. Walton's.

Cross-examined. Q. This is merely a rose diamond ring? A. Yes, it is worth 5l.—I had never seen the prisoners before—this ring is my manufacture—I missed it immediately after they left.





WILLIAM STANTON
 (City police-constable 29.) I was called in, and found a £10 note, a £5 note, and 14s. 6d. on Allen, but no ring—on Melloy I found four sovereigns and 7s.—I searched them minutely in the back room—I found nothing more about them—I did not stop the tooth pick man—I came after he was gone.





JOSEPH MARTIN
. I am Inspector of the City-police. The prisoners were brought to the station-house about five o'clock on Wednesday—I asked where they lived—Allen said he lived at Hoxton-square, and the other said No. 1, Tabernacle-walk—they were both false addresses—one afterwards said that he lived at Webb-square, which I found to be true.

ALLEN*—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.

MELLOY*—


GUILTY
. Aged 23.




Transported for Fifteen Years.
See page 193.
