



2216. 




JOHN MCCLUSTER
 was indicted

for stealing, on the 
3rd of August, 1 pair of trowsers, value 4s.; 1 jacket, value 4s.; and 1 waistcoat, value 2s.; the goods of 



William George Bracegirdle.






WILLIAM GEORGE BRACEGIRDLE
. I am a smack-owner, living at Greenwich. I had a jacket and trowsers on board the smack Laurel on the Thames—I saw them safe on the night of the 2nd of August, at ten o'clock, and the boy went to bed—while he was on board, these clothes were stolen—I missed them the next morning—these are them.

Cross-examined by
MR. DOANE. Q. How many boys might there be on board this vessel? A. Two or three—I bought these clothes for my apprentice—the prisoner denied having them—as far as I know I was not present when he was taken up.





JAMES PARRY
 (police-sergeant R 8.) I found the trowsers at Mr. Harber's, the pawnbroker, at Greenwich.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he not give up the duplicates at once, and say another boy employed him to pawn them? A. Yes.

COURT. Q. Did you take him? A. Yes; and charged him with it—I asked him if he pledged them—he said, "Yes"—I asked him where he got them from—he said from a boy named Thomas Everett, who, he said, was gone to Scotland.

COURT to WILLIAM GEORGE BRACEGIRDLE. Q. Have you seen the prisoner before? A. Yes; at times, but not no board the vessel—he is an apprentice to Mr. Bromfield, a ship-owner.






EDWIN BOLTON
. The prisoner pledged these things with me, in the name of John Carter, on the morning of the 4th of August—here is the corresponding duplicate.

Prisoner's Defence. One morning I was going down the street, and met this boy—he said, "Will you do me a favour?"—I said, "I don't mind"—he said, "Here is a jacket and trowsers"—I took them to the pawn-shop, it was not open, I took them to a house, and I took them again, I took half the money with me to sea—his name was Tom Everett—he is gone to sea—I have never seen him since.

JURY
to
WILLIAM GEORGE BRACEGIRDLE. Q. Was your vessel in such a situation that any other person might get on board from the shore? A. Yes; they might—there is occasionally a person on board to see who comes—from three to four people could have come on board without notice that day—in the morning, when the boy was called to come to his work, he had to send to me for things—during the time of low-water the vessel was dry, and any body could have come on board.




GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.
