






554. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  CREW
               




             and 
               
                  
                     JAMES 
                     ADAMS
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of January
, 2 live tame turkies, price 10s., and two live tame fowls, price 5s.
            , the property of 
               
                  John 
                  Perkenhead
               




            .
JOHN PERKENHEAD. I keep turkies and fowls
, and live at Hornsey-wood house


. On the morning of the 25th of January they were all right - I did not miss them till the officer came, and asked me if I had lost any; I have a great many fowls and turkies - I have ten turkies which were going about loose; I can speak to two of the turkies, from having their feathers cut - I cannot speak to the fowls.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You had a great many fowls? A. Yes, fifty or sixty; they had no particular mark on them.
JAMES JONES. I am a brass-founder, and live at Islington. Between eleven and twelve o'clock, on the 26th of January, I looked out of my window, and saw the two prisoners near a brick-kiln - I watched them, and when they were gone I went to see what they had put there; I found two fowls - I called the watchman, and told him of it; he and I watched, and in the afternoon we saw the prisoners coming across the fields - Adams had a bag over his shoulder; Crew went up to the brick-kiln, and took the fowls - the watchman took him with them; I followed Adams - he was taken to the watch-house, and the turkies were found in the bag; I do not know who they belong to.


                  THOMAS 
                  BOLTON
               



            . On the 26th of January the witness informed me he had taken two fowls from the brickkiln, one was half dead and the other quite dead - I said I would take them back again, and did so; we patroled the road till four o'clock in the afternoon, when these two lads came across from Highbury - Crew went down to a clump of bricks, and Adams went on; I saw Crew take the live fowl, kill it, and put it into his apron with the other dead one - he jumped over the ditch, I jumped over it too, and took him with the two fowls; I gave him to the witness, and I took Adams with the two turkies, which were both alive - I found this barley in the prisoners' pockets to entice the fowls; these are the turkies.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. You are sure it was "to entice" - do you expect to belong to the new Police? A. No, I would not belong to it; I do not know the prosecutor - Adams told me he stole them from there; if I had had the fowls under my care I should have known them - one of them was blind with one eye.
Adams. I told him I had to carry the turkies for a gentleman to Islington. Witness. He told me, when coming across the fields, that some gentleman in a white rough great coat had given him 9d., and part of a pot of beer to take them to Islington, but afterwards he said he brought them from Hornsey-wood house.
JOHN PERKENHEAD. I can swear to these turkies, but I did not know these fowls.


                  JOHN 
                  PERKENHEAD
               



            , JUN. I am the prosecutor's son. One of the fowls that was found has but one eye, but we have several that are so - I know we lost some fowls on the 25th, but I could not swear to them.
Crew. This young gentleman said at the office that he could swear to one of the fowls. Witness. No I did not.
Adams' Defence. These are not the turkies that were taken from the bag - a gentleman gave them to me to carry.
Crew received a good character.
CREW - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 15.




               Confined Six Months
            .
ADAMS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
