






1207. 
               
                  GEORGE 
                  BRITTON
               




             and 
               
                  
                     MARY 
                     BRYAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 22nd of April
, 2 coats, value 2l.; 1 petticoat, value 2s.; 1 pair of drawers, value 2s.; 2 sheets, value 2s., and 1 shawl, value 1l.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Sheedy
                  




               
            .
PATRICK SHEEDY. I am married - I am a journeyman tailor
, and live in Belton-street, Long-acre


, in the two pair front room. On Easter Sunday, the 22nd of April, I was at a public-house, and my wife came there when I had been there about two hours - she came to get me home; the prisoners and some other persons, whom I did not know were there; I had known Britton in Ireland - he went home with me, and stopped about five minutes; he said I had a very comfortable room - I said it was not so comfortable as I wished; I then went out with him, and he got 4d. of me for a quartern of gin; my wife went with us - we then went to another public-house I parted with him, and went nearly opposite, to another public-house, where I had a pint of ale; I then returned to my house, and found an officer on the stairs - my room door was open, the lock burst off, and the property stated was on the stairs, except the great coat, which the officer found afterwards; the officer told me to remain quiet, and in about ten minutes Britton came into my room; I asked him what brought him there - he was quite stunned, and I gave him into custody; I did not see Bryan at my house.
MARY SHEEDY. I am the wife of 
               
                  Patrick 
                  Sheedy
               



            . I went out with him, as he describes - I locked my room door, and had the key in my hand; we returned in a quarter of an hour or twenty minutes - it was then nearly twelve o'clock at night; as I was going up stairs I saw our room door open, and some of the articles in the passage and on the stairs - Britton had parted with us nearly a quarter of an hour before.
ANN RYAN. I lodge in George-street, in the two pair back-room. Mary Bryan came to me between one and two o'clock that night; I was in bed - she lives in that house - she knocked me up, and asked me if I would allow her to leave her husband's coat till the morning, for fear he should pawn it, which I did; she came in the morning, and had it away - I did not take particular notice of it; to the best of my knowledge it was a blue coat; it was not this coat; there was a coat shown to me at the office, but they did not ask me any questions about it - I never said, "This is the coat;" they never asked me; a paper was read over to me, and I marked it - I attended to it.
Q. Did you hear them read, "Between one and two o'clock this morning I was in bed, when she (the prisoner) knocked at the room; I let her in - she then said, "Mrs. Ryan, I am sorry to disturb you, will you allow me to let this coat (the coat produced) remain in your room;' I said Yes, and she left the coat; and this morning, between seven and eight o'clock, I gave her the coat again?" A. She asked me to let her leave her husband's coat; the coat was not shown to me at the office.
JOHN BENNETT. I am a Police-constable. I was on duty in Belton-street; a young man spoke to me - I went to the house, and found some articles on the stairs; I desired the young man to go into his own apartment, and I waited; the prosecutor and his wife then came home - they spoke to me on the stairs, and then went up; I found their room broken open - I told them to go into their room, and put out their light; I then heard them open their window - I went out, and made a sign for them to put it down; I then waited a few minutes, and Britton, the prisoner, came, and went into the prosecutor's room - I went up, and took him; the prosecutor was rather intoxicated, and he threw it in Britton's teeth that he had been transported before - Ryan, the witness, has been tampered with - I have had a great deal of trouble with her; it was near five o'clock on Tuesday last before we could find her - these are the things which I found on the stairs.


                  JAMES 
                  JOYCE
               



             (Police-constable E 130). Between seven and eight o'clock in the morning, on the 23rd of April, I received information from Ryan's husband that a coat had been left there; I went and took Bryan there, and demanded the stolen property; she said she had no coat but the one that was under the staircase, outside the kitchen stairs - I found this coat there, with a great stone on it.
Cross-examined by MR. LEE. Q. Do you know that there are eight or nine lodgers in the house? A. I know there are a number of them - I did not make any further search; she told me she had found this coat in the passage - I was in the kitchen when she told me this; Ryan and her husband live there - I took Bryan's husband, but he was discharged.(Proprly produced and sworn to.)
BRITTON -

               GUILTY
            . Aged 24.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
BRYAN - 


               GUILTY
            . Aged 26.
Recommended to Mercy. - 


               Confined Three Months
            .
