





1081. 




ELIZABETH STARKIE
 was indicted for

 stealing, on the 
19th of February, 2 pairs of trowsers, value 12s., the goods of 



Thomas Delor: 1 shawl, value 10s.; 1 handkerchief, value 6d.; 1 petticoat, value 2s.; 1 gown, value 4s.; 1 yard of printed cotton, value 6d., the goods of 



Elizabeth Harrison: 1 handkerchief, value 7s., the goods of 



Benjamin Williams: 2 pairs of shoes, value 10s.; the 1 shirt, value 10s.; the goods of 



Samuel Andrews: 1 nightcap, value 6d.; 2 decanters, value 2s.; 6 sheets, value 4s. 4s.; 4 towels, value 3s.; 4 pillow-cases, value 7s.; table-cloth, value 7s.; 2 handkerchiefs, value 2s.; 4 dishes, value 4s. 11 plates, value 3s.; 26 knives, value 5s.; 16 forks, value 3s.; 1 flannel shirts value 3s.; 1 waistcoat, value 3s.; 1 pillow-case, value 3s.; 2 tablecloths, value 7s.; and 1 sheet, value 10s.; the goods of 



John Starkey, her master; and 





SARAH BELL, alias
 Starkie




. for feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen; against the Statute, &c.


MR. JONES
conducted the Prosecution.





JOHN STARKIE
. I keep the Four Swans inn, in Bishopsgate-street, The prisoner Starkie came into my service on the 11th of February last, and remained till the 17th of March—inconsequence of something which happened on the morning of that day, I desired her to tell me who her friends were in town—she referred me to some at the West end of the town, but I found none of them—I returned home at night; and, in consequence of inquiries I made, I told her to leave the house—I had not seen Sarah Bel at my house that day—I had seen her there before, I believe—she came from the dirty linen, and brought a basket with her—when Starkie left my house that night, I followed her to No. 2, Blacksmith's Arms-place, kept by Mr. Flyn—I made inquiries there, and found a man named John Bell, at is 2, Lower Chapman-street—I set a person to watch—on the 22nd of March I went, and saw John Bell come out of No. 2, Chapman-street—he had a truck with him—I followed him to No. 5, Anthony-street—I saw two boxes brought out of there, and put on the truck—I followed him, and met two policemen—Nicholas followed him to St. Katharine's Dock, and brought him, with the truck and boxes, to the station-house—the boxes were opened there, in the presence of the prisoners, who had been takes there, and were found to contain property belonging to me, which is here—I never saw John Bell before that day—I have no reason to belive he was in the habit of coming to my house—this is my property—(looking at it)—it was all under my care at my house.





MARY ANN BOUCHER
. I am. bar-maid to the prosecutor. While Starkie lived there I have seen Sarah Bell come there several times for the linen—she sometimes brought a basket—I never saw John Bell, to my knowledge, nor any man, with her—this property was missed from time to time, while Starkie was living there—on the evening of the 17th of March, the same evening as Starkie left, Sarah Bell came—I believe she had a basket with her—I believe Starkie was at home at the time—she said she was told by the other servant that Starkie was not at home, and she would wait for the empty basket; and while they were gone to empty it she went away, with out saying any thing at all—I never saw her at the house since.





JOHN NICHOLAS
. I am a policeman. I was called on by Mr. Starkey, on the 22nd of March, and took John Bell into custody at St. Katharine's Dock, and took him, the truck and boxes, to the station-house—I afterwards went with the prosecutor to No. 5, Anthony-street, and there saw Mrs. Chason—I inquired if a young woman was stopping there—she

denied it; however, I searched the house, and in the privy of the next house I found the prisoner Starkie—I told her I wanted her for a robbery—she said nothing to that—Sarah Bell was brought there by another officer, and we took her, Starkie, and Chason, to the station-house—boxes were opened there, in the presence of them all, and this property, which has been produced, was found in them—I asked Starkie if she had he keys—she said they were not locked—I found them corded and nailed, but not locked—I did not ask whose boxes they were, and neither of them said anything about them.





JOSIAH CHAPLIN
. I am a policeman. I took Sarah Bell into custody, at No. 2, Lower Chapman-street, on the 22nd of March—I asked her if the knew any thing about Elizabeth Starkie—she said, "No"—I searched he house, and found fourteen blue and white dishes—she lived there—she did not tell me so—she appeared to be at home—she said she had a child, about three months old—I said she might take it with her—it was a bed in a back-room, and she went and fetched it. Elizabeth Starkie. It was my child. Witness. Bell took the Child with her to the other prisoner, who is its mother.





WILLIAM SAWYER
. I am a police-sergeant. I was at the station-house, on the 22nd of March, when the prisoners were brought there, and saw the different articles taken out of the boxes—some of the linen was marked J. B.—the prisoner, Starkie, said to John Bell, "Those articles marked J. B. are your property, and those marked J. S. are the property of my husband, you know that, if you like to speak the truth"—on which John Bell said, "Oh, you d——d soft one; if I am asked the question I will well the troth, in what way the things came to my house, and who they belong to; you have no right to bring more people into it than are guilty"—she made no reply.

Starkie. I never mentioned such a thing, and never heard John Bell say it.





ELISABETH CHASON
. I live at No. 5, Anthony-street, and carry on he mangling business. I know both the prisoners—Sarah Bell lives at No.. 2, Lower Chapman-street—on the 18th of March Starkie came to me and asked me to provide her with a lodging, as her husband, she said, had injured her in her employment—I agreed to take her in for a few days—on Sunday Morning John Bell came with her, and brought two boxes, which were put into my kitchen—those produced are the same boxes—on Thursday the 22nd of March, John Bell came to my house with a truck—Starkie was at my house at the time—the boxes were put on the truck and taken away—the officer afterwards came, and I denied her—she did not tell me to do so particularly—I did it of myself, because she had deceived me—I was taken into custody myself, and afterwards liberated.





JAMES LEA
. I am an officer. I searched the house, No. 2, Lower Chapman-street, where John Bell lives, the day after his apprehension—I found these three keys, two of which open the two boxes—I received fourteen duplicates from Jane Gill, four of which are for property pledged belonging to the prosecutor—I also found other keys, which open a drawer in the prosecutor's house, where the property was taken from, and among them were skeleton-keys—they were hanging up in Bell's house—this night-cap, which the prosecutor claims, I found in Chapman-street—I also have two table-cloths, which were given up by Fowler, which the prosecutor claims.






JANE GILL
. I have been put into Bell's house since they have been is prison, under a distress for rent—I found the fourteen duplicates, which I gave Lea, in the oven there this day week.





HENRY FOWLER
. I am a pawnbroker. There is a duplicate among these for two pairs of shoes, pledged by a person named Ann Bell, of No. 2, Chapman-street—I know Sarah Bell, but I have no recollection of her pledging that particular property—she has been in the habit of pledging at our shop for four or five months—these two table-cloths was pledged by a woman named Bell—I have two duplicates corresponding with those found in the oven—I cannot swear that she is the woman that pawned them—Lea gave me information of the robbery—I sent to the station-house to say that such property was pledged in the name of Bell and produced them at Lambeth-street on Monday last.





RICHARD GRIFFITHS
. I am assistant to my father, who is a pawnbroker in Commercial-road. I know Sarah Bell by sight—a shirt and two pairs of stockings were pledged with us for 5s.—I cannot tell who by, positively, but I believe her to be the person—the prosecutor claims the shirt

STARKIE-

GUILTY
. Aged 29.

BELL-

GUILTY
. Aged 37.




Transported for Seven Years.

(There was another indictment against the prisoners.)

Third Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
