




131. 




CHARLES PRICE
 and 



WILLIAM SHAW
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
12th of November, 1 saw, value 6s.; 1 augur, value 1s.; 1 chisel, value 6d.; I bevil, value 1s. 6d.; the goods of 



Thomas Dawborn; 1 saw, value 4s.; 2 mallets, value 2s.; 1 plane, value 1s.; and 1 file, value 3d.; the goods of 



John Allen; and 1 hammer, value 6d.; 1 saw, value 5s.; the goods of 



Thomas Morton; and 2 files, value 3d.; 1 chisel, value 6d.; and 2 slips, value 3d.; the goods of 



Ellis Reid.






THOMAS DAWBORN
. I am a carpenter. I lost my property from a building at the corner of Drury-lane and Long-acre on the 12th of November—I left them safe in the building when we went home at five o'clock, and in the morning I missed them.





JOHN ALLEN
. I am a carpenter, and was at work at the building. I lost two mallets, a bevil, a screw-driver, and a vast variety of other articles—I lost fifty tools in all.





THOMAS NORTON
. I was at work at the same building, and lost the articles mentioned—I have only found a hammer and two chisels.





JOSEPH CLEMENTS
. I am a policeman. I was in Church-street, St. Giles's—I saw Price with a sack between eleven and twelve o'clock on the night of the 12th of November—I asked what he had got—he said, "A few old rubbishing carpenters' tools"—I took the sack, and found some of these tools—I then went to two pawnbrokers, who gave me some more tools—when I was taking him into Mr. Wells's shop, he said, "Is that what you want me for?"





WILLIAM GALILEE SAVILLE
. I am shopman to Mr. Wells, a pawn-broker in Drury-lane. I produce two saws—one pawned by Price on the evening of the 12th of November; and the other was brought by Shaw, but I detained it.

Price. Q. Can you swear I pawned it? A. To the best of my belief you did.





THOMAS DAWBORN
. One of these ia mine, the other is Norton's.

Price's Defence. I was at work till nine that evening—a young man told me that his brother had got him a job to do, and had left him these tools to do it—I was carrying them, and was stopped.





WILLIAM SULLIVAN
. I live at No. 3, New-court, Great Wild-street, Lincoln's-inn-Fields. On Wednesday, the 12th of November, Price was at work with me at No. 24, Parker-street, Drury-lane, at file-cutting—I dare say it was near nine o'clock when he left—I work there as journey. man to Mr. Godfrey—the building from which these tools was taken is not more than two hundred yards off.





GEORGE RICHMOND
. I was at work with him till a quarter past eight o'clock, on the night of the 12th of November—I then left him there—we work piece-work, and sometimes till eleven or twelve o'clock at night.





GEORGE GODFREY
. He was at work by my side till a quarter before nine o'clock—I was at work last in the place—I was at work all day—

Price had his tea there, and never went out from dinner time till a quarter before nine o'clock—the boy fetched him some victuals in—he did not go out.





WILLIAM G. SAVILLE
. The saw was pawned by Price at a quarter before seven o'clock that evening—I have no doubt be was the person—the other was offered a quarter before eight o'clock.





JAMES ROSE
. I was at work, at the file cutting—I left Price at work, at a quarter past seven o'clock, when I went away.

PRICE—


GUILTY
. Aged 17.—


Transported for Seven Years.

SHAW—


NOT GUILTY
.
