





1330. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     CASHMAN
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 17th of May
, 1 silver spoon, value 5s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  John 
                  Thurlow
               




            .


                  SIMON 
                  WESTLAKE
               



            . I keep the Horse Shoe, in Titchbourne-street


. On the 17th of May I saw a ladder placed against a house opposite to mine, by the prisoner - the proprietor of the house came out, spoke to him, and went in again - the prisoner then ascended the ladder, went on tothe next house (No. 11), lifted up the window, went in, and returned in about a minute; I saw he was putting something into his pocket - he came down, took the ladder, and went away; I told the prosecutor of it.


                  THOMAS 
                  THURLOW
               



            . I am the son of 
               
                  John 
                  Thurlow
               



             - we live at No. 11. In consequence of what Westlake said I went in pursuit of the prisoner, and came up with him in Coventry-street - he put down the ladder in Cox-court, and was about to descend into a cellar - I collared him, and this spoon, which is my father's, was produced to me by 
               
                  Joseph 
                  Simms
               



            , the proprietor of the One Tun.
MARY SHADWELL. I was standing near the cellar-flap, and saw the prisoner put the ladder down - he was going down himself, when Mr. Thurlow seized him - he pulled a spoon from under his jacket; I saw Mr. Simms take it from where he shifted it to, and give it to Mr. Thurlow - this is it.
FREDERICK CULLIMORE (Police-constable C 143). I took the prisoner, and have the spoon.
Prisoner. I was very much distressed - I meant to return it.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 38. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
