



330. 




GEORGE TAYLOR
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
15tb of December, 3 handkerchiefs, value 9s., the goods of 



Benjamin Prew, his master.


MR. CLARKSON
conducted the Prosecution.






BENJAMIN PREW
. I am a hosier, and live in High-street, Aldgate. The prisoner was in my employ for nearly three months—my servants usually go to dinner between one and two o'clock—on the 15th of December, the prisoner was in the shop at that time—he generally stopped in the shop while the others went to dinner—I was in the parlour, and had a view of the shop—in consequence of something which I saw the prisoner do, I went to him, and said he had been robbing me—he said he had not—I told him I saw him draw the till out, take out some money, and put it into his pocket—his hand was in his pocket a the time—I immediately told him to go to his brother, to tell him to come up—he returned with his brother, who opened his boxes with a key, which the prisoner gave him, and I saw these three silk handkerchiefs which are mine—I had had four of them nearly three years—I have the other in my pocket now—they had been in the window for sale, but they were in the glass case when he took them—I had seen them there within a month—when they were found, I told the prisoner they were mine—he said they were not—I immediately went for the one which belonged to them, and produced it—I told him that was exactly the same pattern, and they were mine—it matched in every way; he said they were made a present to him by a female—in consequence of that observation, and from what I afterwards heard, I caused inquiry to be made of Ann Willis, who is here.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Who was present when you

searched the box? A. His brother—it was about two or three o'clock in the aftertnoon—I gave him into custody about twelve o'clock the same night—I never said the handkerchiefs were not my property—I swear that I never intimated they were not mine.

Q. Why did you not give him into custody when you found them? A. I went during that time to Willis—I asked the prisoner where the female lived who gave him the handkerchiefs, and I found Willis about eleven o'clock—the prisoner gave me her name and address.

MR. CLARKSON.Q. When you returned, did you tell the prisoner what you had heard from Willis? A. I did not—I gave him into custody—I delayed doing so till I had seen Willis.





WILLIAM COLLENDER
. I am a constable. I was sent for when the prisoner's boxes were searched—Mr. Prew did not say the handkerchief were not his while I was there—it was very nearly twelve o'clock when I went—two handkerchiefs were taken out of the box in my presence.





SARAH WHITE
. I am a laundress, and live in Cannon-street-road The prisoner brought me three silk handkerchiefs to hem in the beginning of December, I believe, but I cannot exactly tell the date—they were separate when he brought them—he afterwards took them away and paid me for hemming them—he said they were not his—I asked him if I should bring them to him—I knew he lived at the prosecutor's, as I washed for him—he said I need not bring them home, as they were not bought at Mr. Prew's, he would call for them.





JOHN LLOYD
. I am an evening patrol. On the evening of the 16th of December last I was bringing the prisoner from the compter to the mansion-house—I said nothing to induce him to say any thing—he owned to the fact that the handkerchiefs were in his trunk or box, but he said if he was free his life time again, if he was to go back again to his situation, he would never be guilty of such a thing again, as long as his breath was in his body.

Cross-examined. Q. Did you state your evidence to the attorney for the prosecution? A. I did not—I spoke to Collender the officer—I told him the same that I have stated here to-day—I was not before the Magistrate—I only took the prisoner there for Collender, from the compter—I was at the Mansion-house, but I did not hear the case—I did not tell what I have now.





ANN WILLIS
. I know the prisoner and his brother—on the evening of the 15th of December, his brother came to me—I had given the prisoner three silk handkerchiefs—I could not swear to them—I neither marked nor hemmed them—I gave them to him just as I bought them out of the shop, and could not swear to them—(looking at the handkerchiefs) I cannot say they are the same—I bought them somewhere in High-street, Islington—I cannot exactly say where—I did not notice the name—it was on the right-hand side of the way—I bought them about six months ago, and gave them to the prisoner the same day—I cannot say whether these are the handkerchiefs or not—I never said I had not given these handkerchiefs to him—that I swear.

COURT. Q. What was the colour of the handkerchiefs you gave the prisoner? A. They were something like these, but I could not swear they are the same—they are the same colours, and something of the same pattern—they may be the same I gave the prisoner, but I cannot swear to them—I do believe them to be the same, but I could not swear to them—the prisoner was out of a situation at the time—he was living with his

brother over the water, I believe, but I do not know exactly—I met him in Pentonville-road promiscuously, and gave him the handkerchiefs—that was a good bit from the shop where I bought them.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Did you know on the 16th of December that the prisoner was in custody? A. No, I did not—I knew it when his brother told me—the handkerchiefs I gave him were all alike, and all in one piece—I did not go before the Magistrate—I was not required to do so by the prisoner.

COURT. Q. What did you give for the handkerchiefs? A. 5s. 6d. a piece—I bought them of a man—I do not know that I had ever been in the shop before—I have not been there since that I know of—I bought the handkerchiefs to give the prisoner as a present—I did not make any appointment to meet him to give them to him—we met promiscuously—he was living at his brother's then, I do not know where exactly—I do not think it was in my neighbourhood.

JURY. Q. When you say the shop was on the right hand side, do you mean the side the church is on? A. On the right-hand side from Islington church, going towards Pentonville-road.

MR. CLARKSON. Q. Do you know the prisoner's attorney? A. Yes—I have not seen him on this subject.





WILLIAM TAYLOR
 (called by desire of
MR. PHILLIPS.) I am the prisoner's brother. I was present at the time the boxes were opened—my brother took the key and put it into the lock himself—I opened the box—when the handkerchiefs were found, the prosecutor took them, undoubled them, and looked at them one after the other—he then laid them down, and said, "I can't swear to them; there are many handkerchiefs alike, and of the same pattern," and he laid them down, saying, "Therefore I can't swear to them"—I went to Ann Willis the same evening to make inquiry feeling uneasy that my brother should be accused of robbery.

MR. CLARKSON.Q. Will you be so good as to tell us where you live, and what you are? A. I live at No. 1, White-street, Bethnal-green-road, and am an undertaker—I have not been there long—I have a shop there—I have lived with respectable butchers in Leadenhall-market ten years.

MR. PHILLIPS
called






JANE TAYLOR
. The prisoner is my brother-in-law—I know Ann Willis—I remember the prisoner bringing three handkerchiefs to me, saying they had been given to him by Ann Willis—that was either the latter end of June or the beginning of July—I know he has received many little trifling presents—he asked me to hem the handkerchiefs for him, and I did hem them—I have no doubt at all that these are the handkerchiefs.




GUILTY
. Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.

Third Jury, before Mr. Recorder.

