





833. 
               
                  
                     JEREMIAH 
                     TIERNEY
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 13th of April
, 7 hats, value 14s.; 6 bonnets, value 12s., and 1 basket, value 4s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Patrick 
                     Curran
                  




               
            .
PATRICK CURRAN. I am a hatter
 and live at Bermondsey


. The prisoner was my apprentice
, I told my son to put seven hats and six bonnets into a basket, to give the prisoner to go and sell them - and told Roberts the errand-boy to go with him to watch the hats, and see that the money came home safe; I told the prisoner to sell them, and bring the money to his mistress, or to give it to Roberts.
Prisoner. I am tried for stealing six hats and seven bonnets; I received eleven bonnets and two hats - I was to send him home a fish for dinner, and sell them retail as well as I could; he told me to get 1s. 6d. a piece for them. Witness. I never told him any such thing; he bought a fish and gave it to Roberts to take home to his mistress - it was not fit for eating; it was thrown out.
Prisoner. It was a salt fish, and the boy went home with it; I was holding the hats in my hand trying to dispose of them if I could. Witness. I did not tell him to sell them in the market; but to go to any of the shops - I did not appoint any place: I sent the boy back to tell him to sell them as fast as he could, and for what he could; when the boy got back he was gone, and the basket and bonnets.


                  JOHN 
                  CURRAN
               



            . I am the prosecutor's son; I packed up seven hats and six bonnets, and told the prisoner to sell them in a shop or two in Rosemary-lane - and if he could not sell them there, to take them to Petticoat-lane; he went away with them, and did not return.


                  SAMUEL 
                  CURTIS
               



            . I am a Police-constable, I took the prisoner on the 18th of March, a little before one o'clock, in coming off duty; I asked what he was doing; he said he had no place to go to - I would not allow him to sit in the street, and was taking him to the watchhouse - he said he might as well be taken first as last, for he had robbed his master of a number of hats and bonnets - I think he said thirteen, and he sold one and sent a fish home; he said he had only been out of confinement five weeks for stealing a side of bacon - he told me Mr. Curran, lived at No. 5, Rupert-street, Bermondsey.
Prisoner's Defence. The basket being about five feet long, and I being a small person, could not see both ends; I had two hats taken out, while a person was offering me 3s. 6d. for these two hats and a bonnet; I then missed them, and absconded with the rest.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 17. - 


               Transported for Seven years
            .
