





2216. 




JAMES GIBBS,



 EDWIN PETHARD
, and 




WILLIAM WALLACE
, were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
14th of September, 1 coat value 4s.; and 1 smock-frock, value 2s. 6d., the goods of 



James Stevens.






JAMES STEVENS
. I live in Brickmakers'-row, Shepherd's-bush. I was it work in a lane on the 14th of September, and placed my coat and smock-frock on the ground at a quarter before nine o'clock—I missed them about ten o'clock—this is my smock-frock, and this is part of my coat-(looking at them.)

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Where had you left them? A. On a land of turnips where I was at work—I suppose it is a mile and a quarter from Mr. Bolton's shop.





WILLIAM WATSON
. I live near Shepherd's-bush. I saw the three prisoners, and two others with them, about half-past nine o'clock that morning-Gibbs had a coat in his hand, and one of the others had something white,

supposed to be the smock-frock, and another had a sack on his back—I saw the prisoners again that day at the station.

Cross-examined. Q. Which had the sack? A. Wallace—I think there were bones in it—the prosecutor left his property in Mr. Payne's fields, which is a hundred yards from where I saw the five persons together.





GEORGE LOW
 (police-constable T 50.) I received information, and went to Hammersmith—I saw the prisoners there, going off in a boat—I stepped into the water, and stopped the boat—I took the prisoners to the station—I then went after two others of whom I had received information—the prisoners said they had been boneing and ragging in the fields.

Cross-examined. Q. Was there one of them in the boat? A. Yes and the other two close by—on e was coming down the steps, and the other was trying to get into the boat.





RICHARD HANCOCK
 (police-sergeant T 10.) I was at the station, and searched Pethard, and found three buttons on him—I returned them to him—I received information afterwards, and went and asked him for them—he said he had none—I said, "Yes, you have"—I turned to the water closet, and there they were—these are the buttons.





HENRY BRITTAIN
. I am a pawnbroker at Hammersmith. I produce a smock-frock which was pawned by Gibbs.





WILLIAM BOLTON
. I am a marine-store dealer. Wallace came to my shop, and brought some rags, bones, and iron, and I bought them of him for 61/2 d.—these are some of the woollen rags.





JAMES STEVENS

re-examined. I know these buttons—this one is marked "Latimer," with the sign of the cross—I took it off a Latimer cost, and sewed it on the coat I lost, myself—these are pieces of the coat.
(Wallace received a good character.)

GIBBS*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.



Transported for Seven Years.

PETHARD*—


GUILTY
. Aged 19.

WALLACE—


GUILTY
. Aged 18.





Confined Six Days.
