





First London Jury, before Mr. Recorder.
1005. 
               
                  CHARLES 
                  JONES, alias 
SILVERTHORNE





            , was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 18th of April
, 1 handkerchief, value 2s., the goods of 
                     
                        William Coles 
                        Dutton
                     




                  , from his person
            .


                  WILLIAM 
                  COLES DUTTON
               



            . I live in Duncan-terrace, Islington, and have an appointment in the Custom-house
. On the 18th of April, at half-past ten o'clock, I was in Harp-lane


, walking with Mr. Major, who said my pocket was picked - I had not felt any thing; I turned round immediately, saw the prisoner at my heels, and my handkerchief on the ground at his feet; it had been taken from my outside coat pocket - he appeared to have two associates at a little distance; they went away immediately after he was taken - on my seizing him he said I had taken the wrong party, but nobody was near enough to take it but him; the other two were about thirty yards from me.


                  WILLIAM 
                  POOLE MAJOR
               



            . I belong to the Custom-house. I was walking with Mr. Dutton, and, towards the end of Harp-lane, I observed the prisoner exceedingly near him, and on turning to see what he was at, I saw the handkerchief drop to the ground - it could not have dropped from any body but the prisoner; nobody else was near enough - I collared him, and took up the handkerchief at the same time; he denied having taken it - there were two boys, evidently his associates, who dispersed immediately he was collared; I saw the handkerchief in the act of falling, before it reached the ground.

MR. DUTTON. I am not aware that my handkerchief was hanging out - this is it.


                  SAMUEL 
                  HYDES JEFFRIES
               



            . I am a constable, and received the prisoner in charge with the handkerchief.
Prisoner's Defence. I was walking down the lane, and picked up the gentleman's handkerchief at his feet - he turned round, and caught hold of me; I threw it down.



               GUILTY
            . - Aged 16. - 


               Transported for Life
            .
