






1797. 
               
                  
                     WILLIAM 
                     WINDRED
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               stealing, on the 26th of August

, 1 watch, value 1l.; 2 seals, value 4s.; 1 chain, value 2d., and 1 key, value 1d.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Snell
                  



               
            ; and 
               
                  
                     SARAH 
                     MYERS
                  



               
            , was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            .


                  MARIA 
                  SNELL
               



            . I am the wife of John Snell. On the 26th of August I lost a watch from a drawer, in the room behind my shop, at the corner of Spital-street, Spitalfields



 - I had seen it safe twenty minutes after nine o'clock, and missed it a quarter before ten, when I went to the drawer to look for a bill; I had been out for about five minutes, to carry half-a-bushel of coals to the next door, and in that time Windred came in, and left a bag which I had sent with coals to his mother the day before - I did not see him in my shop.


                  ELEANOR 
                  TAYLOR
               



            . I was cleaning the step of our door, which is next to the prosecutor's - I saw Windred in Snell's shop, he said to me, "Ellen, tell Mrs. Snell I have brought the coal-bag home;" he went into the shop, and might be there five minutes, but I went in doors, and did not see him come out.


                  WILLIAM 
                  NELSON
               



            . I work with my mother. On the 26th of August, I saw Windred opposite the prosecutor's door, at the corner of the street, at half-past ten o'clock - he said he had a watch, and asked me if I knew where to sell it - I said No - I went with him down Petticoat-lane, where we met a man, who told us where Myers lived; we went to her house and saw her - he asked her if she would buy it - she said Yes; he asked her 1l. for it, and she gave him 8s., - she gave us each 4s.; we left the watch and came away - when he came out he saw his mother, and ran away; at night the officer came for me, but I was not at home - Mr. Brown came to me, and I took him to Myers.
Cross-examined by MR. PHILLIPS. Q. Do you mean to say that Mrs. Myers ever gave one farthing for the watch? A. Yes - she did not ask him where he got it, nor did he say his father gave it to him - I did not take it to Myers; I am sure we were together - she did not stop the watch for him to bring his father; she bought it as soon as we took it - I carried the money about me, and chucked it away; there was no other woman in the room; but there was when I went back with my mother to the house; I would not have done any thing in this business for the world, if I had thought it was wrong - I forget how often I have been taken up; I was kept to hard labour in the House of Correction - it is about six months ago; I was there three months - I am now twelve years old; I was sent there because I went to a chandler's shop to buy some liquorice, and the man swore I went to steal his till - I was never committed for stealing a watch; Mr. Cobley accused me of stealing one; there were two other boys with me - we were not taken up.
COURT. Q. Did Mr. Cobley get his watch? A. Yes, and then he said we did not steal it.
Windred. He took the watch himself, put it into his sidepocket, sold it himself, and gave me 4s. Witness. I could not take it - two boys came and called me down from my work; I then met him, and he told me of it.
Windred. Mrs. Snell's girl had the watch in her hand, playing with it, putting it to her ear; he watched where sheput it down - they went and took it. Witness. I did not.


                  JOHN 
                  EAGLE
               



            . I took Windred opposite Whitechapel church - he denied all knowledge of this.


                  JAMES 
                  BROWN
               



            . On the 30th of August I went and saw Mrs. Snell, and got the watch; I went to Myers', she was sitting in Harrow-alley; I told her what I wanted, and asked if she knew any thing of the watch or the boy - she said he left it at her house; but she had at first denied it; when she saw Windred she said he left it on the window, but she gave him no money - I found 1s. 9 1/2d. on Windred.
Cross-examined. Q. Did not she deny having bought it? A. She denied all knowledge of it at first; she had given up the watch two days before - I understand she gave it to Windred's mother.
MRS. SNELL. It was brought by Mrs. Windred and Mrs. Nelson; my little girl is six years of age - there was a large table in front of the drawers, which I am convinced she could not move.
Myers put in a written Defence stating, that Windred had brought her the watch, saying that his father sent him to sell it, and she had detained it till his father should come himself, she had given him no money, and that he was alone.
MRS. JACOBS. My husband deals in glass. On the 26th of August I was in Myers' shop - I saw Nelson pass; he turned round and said to her."Will you buy a watch?" she looked at it and said," How came you by it?" he said, "My Father is in trouble, and desired me to sell it;" she said," I will detain the watch till your father or mother comes;" it was a silver watch.
MYERS - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
WINDRED - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 14.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
