



856. 




HENRY GEORGE GIBBONS
 was again indicted

for stealing, on the 
16th of January, 1 cloak, value 8s., the goods of 



Vincent Prosper.






ROBERT WEARE
. I am keeper at Dr. George Burrows's establishment at Clapham. About four o'clock on the evening of the 15th of January, I saw two cloaks safe at the house—one belonged to Mr. Vincent Prosper—I did not notice it again that day—I missed it about seven o'clock next morning—this is it—(looking at it)—the prisoner had lived in the establishment as a keeper, but had left on the 8th of November—he had come on the 22nd of October—the police were sent for, and examined some footmarks—they were those of a person who wore straps—I gave directions to the policeman, and the prisoner was taken.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Who is Mr. Vincent Prosper? A. A patient there—the cloak was behind the door in the hall when I last saw it—I saw it on the 15th, as the patient had it on that day—I did not see it hung up—I saw it after the patient had it, about four o'clock in the afternoon—the prisoner's boots and straps were compared with the footmarks, two days after, when he was taken, and they exactly corresponded—there had been a board placed over the marks—I found that still there—the boot was first placed on one side, and then in the mark—there was no other mark made.





RICHARD GOLDING
. I am an officer. I was sent for, and received a communication from Were—I went into the garden, and observed footmarks near the house, which appeared to have been made by a person wearing straps to their trowsers—I made inquiry, and from information,

suspected the prisoner—on the 18th I saw him in custody at Queen-square office, with this cloak on—I took it from him, and these boots and straps were taken from him—I went with my brother constable, and examined them with the marks, and from the circumstance of their being overtrod here, I put it in, but not to make any pressure—they exactly corresponded—I put it to the side first—I did not make another impression.

Cross-examined. Q. Did he account for where he got the cloak? A. Not at that time, he said, at the next examination, that he had bought it.





ROBERT WEARE

re-examined. I have examined the cloak carefully—it is Vincent Prosper's, I have not the least doubt of it.

MR. PAYNE. Q. What do you know it by? A. have seen it for five or six months—I have been in the habit of putting it on the gentleman myself—I brought the gentleman from on board a ship, and here are marks I know it by, at the time I brought him from the vessel—there is a button which is broken at the bottom, and it is stained, as the gentleman was rather dirty, and is in the habit of blowing his nose on it, and wetting it, and there are marks of it—I have not the least doubt it is his.




GUILTY
. Aged 32.—


Transported for Seven Years.
