







1110. 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     JONES
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     SOPHIA 
                     MORGAN
                  




               
             were indicted for 


               stealing, on the 3rd of April

. 1 box, value 1s.; 2 sheets, value 3l.; 2 pillow-cases, value 2s.; 6 tablecloths, value 10s.; 7 napkins, value 3s.; 13 towels, value 5s.; 3 shirts, value 6s.; 3 handkerchiefs, value 30s.; 5 pairs of stockings, value 5s.; 6 shifts, value 12s.; 1 habitshirt, value 1s., and 1 waistcoat, value 1s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     Frederick 
                     Beauclerk
                  



               
            , Esq., commonly called Lord
 Frederick Beauclerk; and 
               
                  
                     HARRIET 
                     BIRD
                  




               
             was indicted for 


               feloniously receiving the same, well knowing them to have been stolen
            : against the Statute, &c.


                  ELIZABETH 
                  TIPPLE
               



            . I am school-room maid, in the service of Lord 
               
                  Frederick 
                  Beauclerk
               



             - he lives at St. Michael's, near St. Alban's. I packed up a box, containing the articles stated - they belonged to Lord Beauclerk's children; I saw the footman cord the box - it was to be sent by the carrier to Fitzroy-square, London; this is the box - I saw it afterwards at Marlborough-street; these are the articles - I have no doubt whatever of them; they are worth from 10l. to 15l.


                  BENJAMIN 
                  SCHOFIELD
               



            . I am an officer of Marlborough-street. On the 3rd of April I went with 
               
                  James 
                  Williams
               



             to No. 13, Hopkin-street - I saw a great light through the key-hole of a room on the first floor; I looked through the key-hole, and saw a box and some linen - I knocked at the door; it was not opened, but the light was put out - I heard the window move; I broke open the door, and went in; I saw Jones and Morgan standing in the room, and Bird getting under the bed - I asked how the box came there; they said George Falkingham had left it there, and that was all they knew about it; I found some duplicates in theroom - Bird said she had pawned the articles by order of Jones and George Falkingham; I found no duplicates on either of the prisoners - I found two shirts on the floor with the wristbands cut off and the collars cut down; I looked out at the window, and saw a barrow, which proved to be stolen; I do not think any one could have got out of the window, as I had men watching - part of the box was burning when I went into the room.


                  JAMES 
                  WILLIAMS
               



            . I am footman to Lady Dillon, who lives in Fitzroy-square



. On the 3rd of April the St. Alban's carrier brought this box there - I took it in, and put it into the front hall; it was corded at the time - Morgan and Jones came there about one o'clock the same afternoon - I had not seen them before; Morgan gave me a bit of paper, and asked if it was right; I said Yes - she said she came from Mrs. Falkingham, and I helped her with the box to a barrow, which was standing at the door; when I got it there she asked if there was any basket; I said No- Jones then wheeled away the barrow, and I went in doors; I went with Schofield, about ten o'clock, and saw what he has stated; some of the things were on the floor and some in the box - the prisoners were all in the room; it was about half a mile from Fitzroy-square.


                  ANN 
                  FALKINGHAM
               



            . I am the wife of 
               
                  William 
                  Falkingham
               



            ; we live in Swinnie-place, Lisson-grove - I am a laundress, and wash for Lord Beauclerk; the things are sent every week to Lady Dillon's, in Fitzroy-square; I never employed either of the prisoners to fetch any linen from there. I lost my barrow on Monday evening, the 2nd of April, from a garden, in front of my house; I had seen Jones before, but had no acquaintance with him.
Jones. I can prove that her son resides at Hopkins-street, and they were his things that were there. Witness. It is my son-in-law - I do not know where he lodges; his name is George.


                  EDWARD 
                  NATHAN
               



            . I am shopman to a pawnbroker, in Cambridge-street, Golden-square. I have a table-cloth, pawned by Bird - I had not known her before, but I am sure she is the woman; I lent 4s. on it, in the name of 
               
                  Elizabeth 
                  Reed
               



            , No. 20, Compton-street.(Property produced and sworn to.)
Jones' Defence The laundress' son made his escape out of window - I inquired of him for a lodging, as I was out of work; he gave me leave to lodge there two or three nights, and on the Tuesday, he asked me to go and fetch the box of linen for him, which he was in the habit of doing- I went there, and took the wheelbarrow, which he went and got from his mother's; Morgan went with me - I wheeled it to Warren-street, and he there took the barrow of me; I returned home in the evening about ten minutes before the officer came; when he heard them come up, he blew the light out himself, got out of the window, and through a dust-hole; I had no suspicion that any thing was wrong - he said he was going to take the things to his mother's the next day.


                  ANN 
                  FALKINGHAM
               



            . I had sent George for the linen about six weeks before this, but he has left me, and got into bad company.
Morgan's Defence. He asked me to go and get the linen, which I did.
Bird's Defence. George Falkingham asked me to pawn the things - I did not know they were stolen; he said they were his mother's.
JONES - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 20.
MORGAN - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 16.
BIRD - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 19.






               Transported for Seven Years
            .
