



1536. 




JAMES KEAN
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
8th of March, at St. Ann, Westminster, 1 pair of boots, value 10s.; 2 coats, value 5l.; 2 waistcoats, value 1l. 15s.; 2 shirts, value 10s.; 1 handkerchief, value 1s.; 1 printed book, value 5s.; 1 watch, value 2l.; and 1 sovereign; the goods and monies of 



Colin Fraser: and 1 shawl, value 16s.; 1 handkerchief, value 2s.; and 1 hat, value 1l.; the goods of 



Samuel Dods; in the dwelling-house of 



William Temple.


MR. BALLANTINE
conducted the Prosecution.






SARAH DODS
. I am the wife of Samuel Dods, and live in Grafton-street, Soho, in the parish of St. Ann, Westminster—it is the house of William Temple, he lives there. On the 7th of March the prisoner came to take a lodging—I let him have part of a bed in which Colin Fraser slept—he went up to the room about eleven o'clock—I let him in—Frazer was in bed at that time—next morning, at a quarter to nine o'clock, the prisoner called to know the time, which I told him—I heard him go out soon after—I did not see him—he was to pay for the room on the Saturday night, for half a week, and then he was to take it weekly—he did not return—I went into his room, and found a pair of old boots, an old coat, a hat, two old handkerchiefs, and a chisel, left behind—in the evening I found a box

broken open, and missed things from it of mine, and some of Frazer's—the value of my articles was 1l.—I had seen them the night before.

Prisoner. Q. Had I any bundle when I went out? A. I understand so, not' a very large one—I did not think it strange you should leave things behind—I thought as you brought a bundle in with you, you had a change of things.





COLIN FRASER
. I am a tailor, and lodge at Mr. Dod's. On the 7th of March the prisoner slept with me—I got up about half-past seven o'clock in the morning, and left him in bed—when I got home at night I saw a pair of strange boots—I then looked for my own boots, and they were gone—I then went to my box, and found it broken open, and missed the articles stated as mine, worth upwards of 12l.





ELIZA SMITH
. I live in Castle-court, Strand. The prisoner was in the habit of visiting me—about two months ago he gave me a piece of silk, a silk dress, and a brooch—he said he got them at a sale—I kept the dress by me some time, and then sent Allison to pawn it at Mr. Wassell's—she gave me the duplicate, which I afterwards gave to Shackell, with the brooch, and duplicate of the piece of silk, which my servant had also pawned—I did not live with the prisoner—he brought the things, and made me a present of them.





MARY ALLISON
. I live in Little Shire-lane. In March last I was servant to Eliza Smith—I received a silk dress from her, which I pawned at Mr. Wassell's, in the Strand, and gave her the duplicate.

Prisoner. Q. How long is it ago that I gave her the dress? A. I think it was at the beginning of March—I cannot say when you gave her the brooch—you brought it, and stuck it in her bosom on-the stairs, and said you had bought it, and made her a present of it.





JOSEPH SHACKELL
. I am an officer of Bow-street. I produce two duplicates, and a brooch, which I received from Smith—the duplicates are for a dress and a piece of silk.





ANN WILLIAMS
. I was servant to Eliza Smith. I pawned a piece of silk for her, and gave her the duplicate.





ALBERT EVANS WASSELL
. I am in the employ of my father, a pawn-broker, in Picket-street, Strand. I produce a silk gown pawned by Alison, on the 14th of March, for 3s., and a piece of silk pawned by Williams, on the 18th of April—the duplicates produced are what I gave for them.





ELIZA SMITH

re-examined. This is the silk and the dress he gave me.





ANDREW VALLANCE
. I am a police-sergeant. I produce a pair of boots which I took off the prisoner's feet.





JAMES GREEN
. I am a musician, and live at the White Hart Clement's-lane. The prisoner was in the habit of frequenting the White Hart—I lent him 8d. about three months ago on some duplicates, which I gave to the officer—here are five of them—I did not buy them—I can only identify two of them, which are for a coat and handkerchief.





HENRY HALES
. I am in the employ of Mr. Hodges, a pawnbroker, in Drury-lane. I produce a coat pawned on the 27th of March, for 12s., in the name of Curtis, No. 22, Stanhope-street, I cannot tell who by—the duplicate produced by Shackell is a counterpart of mine.





SARAH DODS

re-examined. This gown, silk, and brooch, are mine, and what I missed that morning.

Prisoner. Q. What quantity of silk is there? A. About a yard—I

know all the articles—the gown was made for nursing—I have had the brooch eight years—the hat is new, and cost 23s.





COLIN FRASER

re-examined. This coat and these boots are mine, and are part of what I lost—I have not found my watch—I lost all my things at the same time—they were worth 8l., and I lost a sovereign—I lost every thing I had got in the world.

Prisoner. Q. How do you know the coat? A. I made it myself—the boots have been repaired and worn since I lost them—there is a cut in the upper leather which I recollect.

Prisoner's Defence. The prosecutrix says I took the lodgings on the 7th of March, but I know nothing of her or her house—I bought the gown at Machin and Debenham's sale rooms, about the 20th of February—the brooch at Solomon's, a jeweller in the Strand for 4s. 6d., on the 27th of February, and the coat at Machin and Debenham's on the 27th of February, for 1l. 7s. 6d.—I took the gown out of pawn thirteen months ago in Great Russell-street—the boots I had on the 3rd of November—I had pawned a pair of boots at Wassell's for 3s., I went to take them out, they could not find them, and gave me that pair by mistake—as to the other property, I know nothing about it.




GUILTY
. Aged 22.—


Transported for Ten Years.
(There were three other indictments against the prisoner.)
