




136. 




JOHN GOULD
 and 



HARRIET GOULD
 were indicted for

 stealing, on the 
13th of November, at 
St. George, Hanover-square, one 1 £100, 3 £50, and 3 £10 Bank-notes, the property of 



Joseph Jones, since deceased, in the dwelling-house of 



Terence Brien.



MR. DOANE
conducted the Prosecution.






JOHN JONES
. I live at Bayswater. My brother's name was Joseph, he went to reside in Carpenter-street, Grosvenor-square, three weeks previous to his death, which was on the 14th of November—I visited him there several times—he was ill before he went there—I found the prisoners attending him there—they lived in the same house—one sat up one night and one another—on Friday, the 10th, I called on him, about three o'clock in the afternoon, and found him in a very dangerous state—I advised him to receive the sacrament—he called me to him, and told me to stoop down close to him—he said, there was 50l. he had put into a corner, pointing to a trunk in the room, and that was for his funeral and other expenses—he had told me about three days before of his having received 250l. 5s. and he said I should find it all in his trunk, except 5s.—the female prisoner was present and heard that conversation—on Monday, the 13th, I called again, a little after three o'clock, and found him alone in the room in bed—the clergyman had been with him—he was in a very had, sinking state—the female prisoner came in a little after four o'clock—I had been with him nearly an hour—when the prisoner came in she appeared very much fatigued and out of breath—he had said something to me about providing for my children three times—I called next morning, and found my brother had been dead about an hour—I found his trunk in the room and the key in it—I opened it, and found a little red book, with two £10 notes—the female prisoner was present, and I showed them to her, and expressed my surprise at finding no more—I did not even find the 50l.—she said she knew nothing at all about any money, she never knew he ever had any about him—I searched every where, and could find no more—the male prisoner came in shortly after—he trembled very much when he came in—I told him I was surprised I could only find

the two £10 notes—he said he knew nothing at all about it, he did not know there was any money belonging to him—he seemed very much agitated indeed.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. How long had these people lived with your brother? A. He was only three weeks in the house—they lived together there as man and wife—my brother and I had never been at variance, but always on the best of terms.





DENNIS REGEN
. I am a servant, and live in Market-street, Haymarket On the 13th of November, between nine and ten o'clock in the morning, the male prisoner came to me, and said he and his wife had been attending a person who had been ill for some time, and on that day he was much worse, and from the kindness he had received from him and his wife during his illness, he had made over 100l. to each of them, and he would be very much obliged to me if I would come up to his lodging and indorse the notes, as the deceased was too ill to do it, and he could not do it himself—I promised to come, and he went away—about an hour after that I went to his lodging, No. 7, Carpenter-street—I went to the kitchen, and saw both the prisoners there—I afterwards went up stairs with them, at their request, and saw a man in bed—I cannot say whether he appeared in a bad state—John Gould placed a chair by a table, some distance from the bed—Mrs. Gould brought some Bank-notes rolled up—John Gould asked me to indorse on the back of one of them, "John Williams, 24, Welbeck-street, Cavendish-square"—I did so, and gave them back to Mr. Gould, and left the room—soon after that I got into a coach with the two prisoners, and ultimately went to the Bank of England—the male prisoner gave me a £100 note and two £50 notes, and at his request I accompanied Mrs. Gould into the Bank to get them cashed, leaving him in the coach—I got 200 sovereigns for them, and we all drove back again to the corner of Mount-street—the male prisoner then left me to go to his master's, and I accompanied the wife to Carpenter-street—she had not the key of the door of her room, and she ran to the prisoner's master for it, and the male prisoner came back with it—I counted over the 200 sovereigns to him, and saw him put them into a bag by him—this is the bag, to the best of my belief—(looking at one)—after coming from the Bank, he told me he had three £10 notes, but he could cash them at any time.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known him long? A. About fifteen months—I knew them as man and wife—to the best of my belief he went to the bed-side before I signed the notes—I am almost sure he did—I have not the least doubt of it—he leant over the gentleman, but I did not hear him speak—the gentleman appeared to be very ill.

MR. DOANE. Q. During any part of the time, did the deceased say any thing, or take any part in it? A. Not the least.





JOHN WICKETT
. I am a hackney-coach master and driver. On the 13th of November I drove two men and a lady to the Bank—I cannot swear to the prisoners—I drove them back to the corner of Mount-street.





PHILIP WORSLEY
. I am clerk to Messrs. Whitbread and Co., Chiswell-street, brewers. On the 31st of October I paid to Joseph Jones a cheque which I have in my hand, on Barnett, Hoare, and Co., for 252l. 5s.—he received it himself at our house on that day.





RICHARD BESCOBY
. I am clerk to Barnett and Co., bankers. On the 31st of October I received a cheque for 252l. 5s., drawn by Whitbread—this is it—I gave for it a £100 note, No. 4907, dated, 20th of October—two

£50, No. 5367, dated, 10th of August; and 6550, dated, 17th of August; and five £10, Nos. 7737, to 7741, dated, 5th of October.





CHARLES JAMES BEATSON
. I am clerk in the Inteller's office, at the Bank. On the 13th of November, I received a £100 bank note, No. 4907, dated the 20th of October, and two £50 notes, Nos. 6550 and 5367—I gave 200 sovereigns for them—here is the name of "John Williams, 24, Welbeck-street, Cavendish-square 13th November, 1837," on one of them.





DENNIS REGAN

re-examined. This is my indorsement on the £50 note—it is what I wrote on the 13th of November, before I went to cash the notes at the Bank.





HENRY SHERWIN
. I am an officer of Marlborough-street Office. On the 15th of November I apprehended the female prisoner—I met her before she got to her lodging—I told her I took her on suspicion of stealing some Bank notes from Mr. Jones's box—she said she had never stolen any money from Mr. Jones, nor did she know that ever he had any—I left her in custody of Mr. Jones's brother, and went to Berkeley-square, and apprehended the male prisoner—I told him what I took him for—he said he had never seen any notes, and did not know that Mr. Jones had any notes—I did not tell him it would be better to tell the truth—I asked him whether he had taken it, and he said he had not—I did not make him any promise or threaten him—I took them both to the office—in consequence or information, I went to the house in Berkeley-square, where I had apprehended Gould, I believe it was the same day, and saw the Honourable Mr. Villiers there—I went with him, and searched his wardrobe—I searched a box in Mr. Villiers's presence—I broke it open—it was in a large back room on the ground floor—it appeared to be a dining-room—there was no bed in the room—I found this bag in the box—it contained 203 sovereigns, and thirteen half-sovereigns making 209l. 10s.—I afterwards went to the office and saw the female prisoner—I told her I had found the 209l. 10s.—she said, "The 9l. 10s. is my own, what I saved by my industry."

Cross-examined. Q. Was any one present when the male prisoner spoke to you? A. No.





THE HONOURABLE FREDERICK VILLIERS
. I live at No. 38, Berkeley-square. The male prisoner was in my service rather more than three years—I know the box which the witness opened—the prisoner had charge of the key of that box—in consequence of something I learnt from the prisoner, I went to the police-office and made a statement—I was at the police office when Sherwin broke open the box in my presence, and found the bag containing the money he has stated—the money was not mine.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you a character with him? A. Ten years before that, I had a most unexceptionable character with him, and in my service he deserved the best character a man could receive.





TERENCE BRIEN
. I am owner of the house, No. 7, Carpenter-street, it is in the parish of St. George, Hanover-square. The prisoners lodged in the house, and the deceased also-—and very respectable lodgers they were.

Cross-examined. Q. They conducted themselves very well? A. In every respect to my satisfaction, and were very industrious—I have no doubt they are man and wife.

JOHN GOULD—



GUILTY. Aged 35.—Recommended to mercy.





Transported for Fourteen Years.

HARRIET GOULD—


NOT GUILTY
.


Before Lord Chief Justice Denman.

