



2678. 




THOMAS STONE
 was indicted

for feloniously forging, an acceptance on a bill of exchange for 20l., on the 
18th of June, with intent defraud 



Adrian Newth.—2nd COUNT, for uttering the same with a like intent.






ADRIAN NEWTH
. I am a tailor, and live in King-street, Borough. The prisoner lived in my house up to about June, for some weeks—on the 12th of June a letter arrived, addressed to him at my house—I saw him open it, and take out a stamp, with a blank acceptance across, in the name of "Fryer"—I saw him fill it up in the usual way of a bill—he endorsed it—he got 5l. from me—the bill was for 20l.—I was to take out of it what he owed me, which was 7l. for clothes and other things for nearly the amount—he gave me the bill—I took it to Mr. Bennett, came back, and told the prisoner Mr. Bennett would make inquiry as to the bill, and in the morning he would give the 5l.—he said, "Well, I will go with you to Mr. Bennett,"

which he did; and from what he said, in connexion with what was said in the letter the bill came in, Mr. Bennett was satisfied, and would not inquire—he said if it was Fryer's name it was as safe as the Bank of England—on the 18th of the same month another letter came to the prisoner with an enclosure—he opened it, read it, and expressed himself astonished that it had not been much more, and he expected he would have sent him money instead of that paltry bill—I said he ought to be satisfied with the bill—I went out of the room, and when I came back the bill was lying on the table—the prisoner said he was waiting for Mr. Newington to put his name to it, saying, according to the engagement he was under with the house he travelled for, he dared not put his name to a bill, or accept one—Mr. Newington came—the prisoner afterwards delivered me this bill, filled up for 20l. and signed—(produced)—this was delivered to me on exactly the same terms as the former—he wanted 5l. cash, and the remainder he would take out in the way of business—he had a suit of clothes immediately on it—I took it to Bennett, who gave me 5l., which I handed to the prisoner—I received a letter from the prisoner, purporting to be written by Hannington—the bill had come in that, and he left it in the room—I received a letter by post, marked "No. 2"—I believe that to be in the prisoner's writing.

Cross-examined by
MR. PHILLIPS. Q. The blank acceptance came and that you saw? A. Yes, and the prisoner filled it up in my presence—there was no concealment whatever on his part—I received this letter from him three or four days before the bill became due.
(Read)—"London, 16th Aug. 1839. To Mr. Newth.—My dear it You are aware before this, that the two 20l. acceptances are not genuine; and unless you wish to send a young man from his country for ever, neither of them must be presented for payment when doe: one is due in a day or two; provide for it. You will gain nothing by prosecuting me, and your conscience will not be easy by doing so. I have been flung on the world destitute, friendless, and without home; make some allowance for my guilty conduct. God has, within the last forty-eight hours, saved me from self-destruction. I now see, unless we pray to God, and put our trust in him, we shall never prosper. Good bye, God bless you. Hoping Mrs. Newth and you are well, S.—P. S. For God's sake do not let the bills be presented. I have received 5l. on it, and the clothes I will return to you soon. Please the Lord to forgive my conduct to you Witness. I believe that letter to be. his hand-writing—I have not seen him since I received it till he was taken—I do not recollect speaking to him about it—he did not tell me it was a person named Westbrook, who was transported last Sessions, that sent him the forged acceptance of Mr. Newington—I had not sufficient time to talk to him about the letter—he talked to me, wishing me not to prosecute—he asked me who it was informed me where he was, and how I came to and him—I told him that the policeman fetched me to him—he did not mention the name of Westbrook to me at that time—he did before the Magistrate—he said that Westbrook had accepted the bills—he did not say west-brook owed him a sum of money, that I know of—I did not hear him asked why Westbrook should send him Hannington's acceptance—we had no business to ask him questions—he was in the dock.





EDWARD WILLIAM NEWINGTON
. I am a tobacconist, and lire in Fair-street, Tooley-street. I know the prisoner—I saw him on the evening of the 17th of June—he wished me to meet him next morning at Mr. Newth's—I went there—he produced a bill, accepted by Hannington—he

told me he was engaged for a house as traveller, which had bound him down not to put his name to any bill in any way; that he most have money for his journey, and he would trouble me to pot my name to this bill, which I did—it was accepted by C. Hannington, made payable at Masterman's—I put my name to it as drawer—I do not know the handwriting of the acceptor at all.

Cross-examined. Q. Had you known the prisoner long? A. Three or four months—I know part of his family who are respectable—I have seen him a great many times—I was rather intimate with him—he lodged at Newth's a short time.

COURT. Q. Did not you think it strange that he should ask you to draw a bill on a man you did not know? A. I did it seeing the Letter from Hannington—it appeared to be so genuine—the bill was produced from that letter—I read the letter.

MR. NEWTH
re-examined. This is the second bill.
(Letter read.)—"To Mr. F. Stone, at Mr. Newth's, King-street, Borough-Walworth, Tuesday, 18th June. Sir, If I lend you money you would not endeavour to repay me, but I trust you will meet the enclosed if you can; you have now a good prospect, and if you fail it will be your own fault, and you must never more expect to be noticed by your wife's family. To draw on Mr. C. Hannington, North-street, Brighton, as it will be paid by Wigney, the Brighton banker.—C. HANNINGTON."





WILLIAM BENNETT
. I am a woollen-draper, and live in High-street, Southwark. The bill, accepted by Mr. Fryer, was brought to my house by Mr. Newth—Mr. Newth afterwards came to me with the prisoner and a letter, which is not here—the prisoner spoke highly of Mr. Fryer as a respectable man, and asked me if I knew him—I said I did certainly, and Mr. Fryer's acceptance I should not hesitate to take, and I may have said it was good as the Bank—a bill was afterwards brought to me purporting to be accepted by C. Hannington—this is the bill—I advanced on it 5l.—Newth owed me a larger sum of money than the amount of the bill.

Cross-examined. Q. It was Mr. Newth brought you the bill accepted by Hannington? A. Yes—I lent him 5l. on it.

COURT. Q. Was the prisoner present? A. Not the first time—he called the second time with Mr. Newth, when I agreed to advance 5l. on Mr. Fryer's bill—I lent 5l. on each—it was on Newth's representation I advanced the 5l. on the second bill.

MR. NEWTH. The letter alluded to by Mr. Bennett was taken away.





JAMES ANDREWS
 (police-constable M 45.) I took the prisoner into custody—I told him he was charged by Mr. Newth—he replied, "For God's sake don't let it go any further, unless you wish me to go out of the country"—Newth gave me the letters produced, and I received the two bills which have been produced.





WILLIAM FRYER
. I am a warehouseman, and live in the Crescent, New Bridge-street, Blackfriars. The acceptance to this bill is not my handwriting—it is not the least like it—I know nothing of the prisoner—I never gave him authority to sign blank acceptances to a bill of exchange—(read)—"London, 12th June, 1889.—Two months after date pay to my order the sum of £20, for value received.





THOMAS STONE
. Mr. William Fryer, fancy woollen-warehouseman, 3, Crescent, Bridge-street, Blackfriars. Accepted. 3, Crescent, New Bridge-street, William Fryer. Endorsed, Thomas Stone, A. Newth."






CHARLES NEPHAN HANNINGTON
. I live in Penton-place, Walworth.
The prisoner married my daughter—the acceptance to this other bill is not mine—it is nothing like my hand-writing—I always sign my name C. N. Hannington—I do not bank at Masterman's—this letter purporting to be written by C. Hannington to the prisoner at Mr. Newth's is not my writing—I never saw it before it was handed to me by Mr. Newth—I never lived in North-street, Brighton—I lived in Ship-street, Brighton—they are near to each other.

MR. PHILLIPS. in behalf of the prisoner, stated that the bills had seen to him by one Westbrook, who was transported last Session.)




GUILTY of Uttering. Aged 26.—


Transported for Seven Years.
