






1989. 
               
                  
                     JOHN 
                     THOMAS
                  




               
             and 
               
                  
                     HENRY 
                     STEED
                  



               
             wereindicted for 


               stealing, on the 30th of September
, 4 pewter pots, value 3s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  
                     John 
                     Pullen
                  




               
            .


                  JOHN 
                  PULLEN
               



            . I am a publican
, and live in St. James'-street, Piccadilly


. I did not miss any pots on any particular day, but I know these are mine - I have lost five dozens within these seven months.


                  THOMAS 
                  GOOK
               



            . I am an officer. On the 30th of September, about nine o'clock in the morning, I saw the two prisoners in company in Charles-street - I watched them, and saw Thomas go down an area and come up again; I watched them for three quarters of an hour, and saw them go to a place close to the prosecutor's - I then lost sight of Thomas; I then saw him come out with something in his apron, and the prisoners went together towards St. James' church; they were then going to separate - I caught hold of Thomas, and said, "What have you here?" he said,"Some pots I am going to take home;" I said, "This is the wrong away;" I called a witness, and charged him to take Steed, and we went to the watch-house - I found these four pots on Thomas, and this pot-strap on Steed.
Thomas. It is quite false - I did not go down an area that morning.


                  SAMUEL 
                  EVANS
               



            . I was coming along Piccadilly, and the officer charged me, in the King's name, to take Steed, which I did - these four pots were found on Thomas, and this strap on Steed.


                  HENRY 
                  HARRIS
               



            . On the morning these pots were stolen I had put one of them at the door of Mrs. Barclay, in Villiers-court, near to Mr. Pullen's; I saw three other pots there, and took particular notice of them - they seemed to be like these.
Thomas delivered in a petition, soliciting for a lenient sentence.
THOMAS - 

               GUILTY
            . Aged 17.




               Transported for Seven Years
            .
STEED - 

               NOT GUILTY
            .
