



1536. 




JOHN LIZARD
 was indicted

 for stealing, on the 
29th of May, 1 pair of trowsers, value 12s., the goods of 



James Henderson Watherston.






GEORGE COCKSEDGE
. I am an assistant to James Henderson Wather-ston. He had a pair of trowsers in his custody—I received information and found they were gone—I looked out and saw the prisoner running—I saw him taken—he threw them away—these are them.

Cross-examined by
MR. PAYNE. Q. Who were you servant to?—A. Mr. Cassell a pawnbroker—he died in April—these trowsers were lost on the 29th of May—I lived in Mr. Cassell's house then—Mr. Watherston did not—Mr. Cassell made a will—the probate of it is here—Mr. Watherston had no personal possession of these—he was there now and then—he was executor—I had seen these about half an hour before I missed them—I did not see them in the possession of the prisoner.

COURT. A. Had Mr. Watherston the management of the whole place, and all that was there? A. Yes. HANNAH BAKER. I live in Church-street, opposite Mr. Wathers tns. I saw the prisoner go to the shop, and pull a pair of trowsers down—the witness came and ran after him—I did not see them thrown down.

Cross-examined. Q. Where were you standing? A. In my father's shop—two of the shutters were shut—I was looking through them—there were a good many people passing and repassing.





DANIEL COOPER
. I live in Half Nichol-street, and am a weaver. I was in New Nichol-street, and saw the prisoner running, and saw him throw something away—I did not pick it up.





HENRY TREADWAY
. I live in Quaker-street. I was in Nicholl-street, and saw the prisoner running with a pair of trowsers under his arm, which 1 saw him chuck up a court.

Cross-examined. Q. Were you in employment at the time? A. No, my master had not any work that day—Mr. Cassell's is in Church-street,

about forty yards from Nicholl-street—I did not pick them up—1 followed the prisoner, and saw the policeman take him—I saw his back.




GUILTY
 Aged 24.—


Transported for Seven Years.
