






232. 
               
                  WILLIAM 
                  BARNETT
               




             was indicted for 


               stealing on the 22nd of November
, 9 locks, value 27s.; 1 pair of brass butts, value 15s.; 2 bolts, value 8s.; 6 ends for blinds, value 6d.; 1 brush, value 6d.; 1 latch, value 2s. 6d.; 4 locks, value 2s.; 6 drawer-handles, value 18d., and 8 window-rods, value 2s.
            , the goods of 
               
                  Hugh Welch 
                  Cooper
               




            .


                  BENJAMIN 
                  PHILLIPS
               



            . I am a Policeman. On the 28th of November, about half-past five o'clock in the morning, I stopped the prisoner in Gray's Inn-lane, carrying a heavy basket - I asked what he had there; he said some furniture to put in a house in Blackfriars-road, and that his father was a master builder; I said I did not believe him - he said I might see what he had got; I examined it, and said I should take him to the watch-house - he took up the basket, walked a few steps, then threw it on me, and ran away; I sprang my rattle, and Haines stopped him in three minutes - I am sure of his person.


                  WILLIAM 
                  HAINES
               



            . I am a Policeman. I was in Bell-court, Gray's Inn-lane, and heard a rattle spring - the prisoner passed me almost immediately; I pursued, and never lost sight of him till I brought him back - he refused to go; there was a struggling between us, and he took hold of the lamp-post, but I brought him back.


                  GEORGE 
                  EVA
               



            . I am foreman to Hugh Welch Cooper, a builder
 in Wakefield-street, St. Pancras - these things are all his. On the evening of the 21st, at half-past five o'clock, I put them on a shelf in the first floor of his workshop - the door was locked; I found the window forced in next morning, about seven o'clock, and every thing in confusion, from one end to the other; the premises are near the bottom of Gray's Inn-lane.
Prisoner's Defence. I live by King's-cross - I was going to work, and found these things in the fields.



               GUILTY
            . Aged 19. - 


               Transported for Seven Years
            .
